5 Amazing new place. Awesome food, not your typical sonoran fare we mostly get here in phoenix.
2 I so wanted to l ike this place, a lot of money and time went into transforming the former Satisfied Frog.  First of all, $6.25 for a small glass of mediocre wine is way to expensive for this neighborhood, when I get get a significantly better and larger glass or wine at just about every ohter local establishment.  I know they are trying to be authentic Sonoran food, but the packaged tortilla chips served with the salsa is hard to overlook.  Not a great first impression, but I hope they make it--very nice staff.  I think they just need to get their prices a bit more in line with what the neighborhood offers.
1 I really wanted to like this restaurant, but left extremely underwhelmed. Menu was all mispelled.... flower tortillas?? Lousy service, my food came to the table cold well after my husband was finished with his meal. Chips are store bought (frys brand) and then transfered into a box to look homemade..... Just overall very tacky, horrible service.... Can't comment on the food because we left when mine finally got to the table cold!
5 if you're craving Mexican food, then you've struck gold!! Lenero is the place to go! always a great time and by far the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had! i give it a 10 out of 10, not to mention the very friendly staff!
5 I got take out from here one night for me and my wife. The food was awesome so I just wanted to give these new guys some love on Yelp. We got the cheese appetizer, if you're like my wife and loves anything cheese you'll go nuts over this.  I also wanted to add that the decor is nice. I know this means things to many people...personally I would eat out of a dumpster if the food was awesome, but that's me.
3 How did I leave Lenero Mexican Grill? Fat, happy and aggravated as hell. I know, it makes no sense. Stay with me and I'll try my best to explain.   The place smells like the wonder that is smoked meat products. Said smoked meat was beyond delicious. Husband and I shared the full rack of ribs for $22. It was huge. Like it's Tuesday and we had this on Sunday and are still eating it huge. A half rack is fine for a couple. They dry rub it, grill it and smoke it.   The salsa is fresh made every day and kept warm. Nice. Beware though. If you don't like it spicy, you're SOL. That stuff will make you sweat. May have been the batch but holy hell. I still loved it! The corn tortilla chips were not the best. Generic and I'm struggling to find more words here. Not like me!  Margarita was nice and strong. I'd like to go back and have 8 more and make my husband drive me home.   Why the frustration? The service is just so lacking. This is clearly a mom and pop operation and I love it for that. But, mom and pop need a new family member to serve tables. She was sweet. I'll give her that. But, she had no idea the difference in margaritas to tell me why one cost more. She came back and asked if I wanted salt. Like Milton at the end of Office Space I asked for my margarita with no salt. "No salt." That was one salty margarita. Our food sat on the counter for five minutes, our guacamole came once we were about finished, and paying our bill took almost as long as it did to eat our meal. We even had a coupon we bought online and she said she thought we had to print it out, even though you could clearly scan it from the phone. We asked her to check and never heard a peep back. I had given up.   We'll be back. Well, we have to because I have $30 to spend there. But, I'll do myself a favor and sit at the bar. And drink 8 margaritas. With no salt.
5 Amazing food, amazing service the owner bought us a round and came over and had a drink with us.  Come check this place out!
2 No bueno!  I had higher hopes for this place since it would be great to have a good Mexican restaurant nearby, but it was a waste of time and money.  It's a cute place and some of the items on the menu sounds appetizing, but from the moment they brought the chips and salsa I knew it wasn't going to live up to expectations.  As it has been said many times before, the chips are horrible.  Yes, they are store bought, commercial chips and not good ones at that.  The salsa was spicy and served heated, which is fine, but had a strong metallic, acidy taste.    I ordered iced tea but it was over brewed and bitter so I sent it back for a Coke, which was either flat or RC.  I couldn't tell and didn't want to complain again.  I asked the server what she recommended and she said, "the palo de lena el fuego is the best" and described it as asada skirt stake rolled around veggies and grilled on an open flame and topped with chipotle sauce.  Despite the fact it was pricey for lunch ($15.50), it sounded unique and delicious so I ordered it.  Well I got over-marinated, salty veggies with a thin, rubbery piece of meat laying on top and cold cubed potatoes.  Not only was it not as described and tasted nasty, hardly any effort was put into making this.  Absolutely not worth the money.  After a taste of a zucchini slice and potato I sent it back and got chicken tacos.  Not much better as overall it was bland and the chicken pieces were fatty and had some gristle, but it was 1/2 the price and at this point I just wanted to get out of there.  The food definitely does not live up to the prices or the description on the menu.  It seemed like it was pre-made then just heated and put on a plate.    I generously gave it 2 stars because I really liked the atmosphere but I didn't go there for the ambiance.  I think if they worked on the making the food better and changed the menu a bit, including realistic prices for the meal and area, it would really be a good place.    And for craps sake, get some decent chips already.  You're a Mexican grill...act like it.
2 We really wanted to love it here.  We loved the Satisfied Frog and were sad to see it go.  When we heard this was a local guy, we especially wanted to love it.    The cheese appetizer, the salsa (yum!) and the hamburgers are all pretty good.  The rest, not so much.    We invited some friends to join us for lunch and burgers and ribs.  The ribs were stuck to the bone, chewy and just not very flavorful.  Another friend had lamb and said it was OK.  The beef/veggie wrap was not bad.    The staff is very young, but they're enthusiastic and want to please.  I don't mind the misspelling on the menu - it makes it more "home-grown" somehow.  The owner came out both times we visited to talk to us about the dishes.  We just didn't have the heart to tell him they really weren't great.
5 I don't know how anyone gives this place less than 5 stars, the food is the best we have had at a restaurant in a long time, it's authentic, homemade, and yes it is a mom and pop shop...which makes this place even more inviting, the owner came around to speak to every table. Would absolutely come back here, and only here for Mexican food again.
5 oh the chips are supposedly store bought?? let me change me review to a 1....NOT. Best mexican food I have had in my life, swear. Been their 2 times (both in the past month) 1st time had the lamb , next the white fish. No reasons to describe the taste, I wont do it justice. It was just that good. went with friends both times, not a single one was left completely in awe. Really quality margaritas too..and for cheap! cant argue with the prices. Really cool atmosphere, felt very comfortable. Owner came and said "hi" our first time there and it wasnt in a corny Applebees type way. If you wanna complain about chips (which only ruin your appetite anyway) and the "slow" service please by all means, dont come back...more tequila and fish me and my friends!!!
5 Reading these reviews is confusing for me, either this place is reading their reviews and fixing the issues or people have no idea what Mexican food should taste like. I have traveled to 17 states in Mexico and rarely have I had food  this fresh and well seasoned. Margaritas, Queso fundido and Palo de leña al fuego were all delicious. I will be back next week when I return from Mexico.
5 Went last nite!  The fish in foil was the best. So much flavor and cooked perfect!  Will be back to try other dishes. Also great idea that they offer half size portions!
5 I went here after driving by on Bell Road since it is less than a mile down the road from my place of business. Since there isn't a Chipotle close enough to grab lunch, this mexican grill seemed like a great alternative.   When I walked in I soon realized it was nothing like Chipotle, and was a sit down restaurant with chips and salsa and all that jazz. I was feeling fancy so I decided to stay even though I was the only one there at what was approximately lunch time (I think it was around 1PM).  The chips, as most reviewers have echoed, left a lot to be desired - I was expecting fresh out of the oil goodness. The salsa was one of the best I've had, pretty spicy, and I know spicy! I really couldn't stop eating the salsa to be honest, luckily the waitress constantly refilled my small water glass.  I ordered a steak torta - can't remember the exact name but it was a house specialty of some kind. It came with country red potatoes which were DIVINE and the steak was SO TASTY. I took my time eating because I didn't want to waste any of it but it was a ton of meat.   Overall, great meal, really flavorful and authentic - just a little pricy. I think my plate was around 10 bucks or so, I just remember leaving 15.
5 Been coming here since it opened, has had a few bumps in the road getting going, but the apple smoked meats and the frsh served hot salsa keeps me coming back 2 times a week. i love the Angus Burger with guacamole and bacon! the Barbacoa is also yummy. they are getting organized and things are starting to pick up. definitely one of my top lunch spots in north phx.
5 Lenero Grill is awesome! Their food is not your typical Mexican food as we know it.It is better! The food is from Northern region of Mexico.be sure to try the grilled shrimp appettizer with grilled veggies....it is amazing! As are the grilled steak and chicken tacos. The atmosphere is casual but added touches,such as fresh cut flowers,and white table cloths,amazing and friendly owners and staff,give this place a touch of class. There is also live music that is a real mix of cultures and appeal. Love this place;it is our new hangout! Carol
5 Fast friendly service. Ordered an angus burger. Perfection. The place smells wonderful. Tonight is wine tasting and tomorrow (Friday's) is tequila tasting and live music. Happy hour daily 4-7pm making beers $2 and $2.50. Wow. We'll be back
5 Love this place. We have been there numerous times. Just keeps getting better & better. We went there 2 days after they opened and found the food spectacular, but the service was so bad it was comical. They have sorted that. The food is still great and now the service is good. Highly recommend.
3 This is my second attempt. Still unsure how I feel. In my immediate neck of the woods it's definitely close to as good as it gets. Unfortunately that's not saying much. I've liked everything thus far but haven't loved anything.   My companion loved the guacamole so much they took it home, and we all no that will be no bueno before the sun comes up.  I will give it another shot as they are up and coming and update you all.  The staff at Lenero informed me that they were opening another location soon....I was slightly perplexed as I thought you had to be doing well to start other locations, a myth maybe?
5 Lenero Mexican Grill is one of my favorite restaurants. The Palo de Lena Al Fuego is an amazing grilled steak with a combo of grilled veggies and roasted red potatoes, always seasoned and smoked to perfection.  The Barbacao is another dish I always go for as the lamb, smokey charro beans, and tortillas are a great trio.  Add their warm salsa and its a solid taco.  The chips yes are not that great but really when was the last time you said, "you know who's chips I'm really in the mood for...let's go to ____."  Give me a break; I swear some yelpers look for anything to complain about.  Most authentic Mexican in the area hands down.
5 We had dinner here and the food is excellent, the atmosphere is cozy and homey and the service is fantastic.  Our waitress, Stephanie was friendly and helpful, the salsa, guacamole and steak fajitas were amazing.  The food  is affordable with dinners ranging from about $8-$16.  There are inexpensive weekday lunch specials and brunch on the weekends.  I can't wait to try the brunch!
4 Queso Fundido was excellent.  Fajitas were enough for two. Enchiladas were a big portion. Everything tasty!!!  Only complaint was the iced tea was a little different than what I am used to. Would prefer just basic iced tea.
5 I came for the lamb taco, stayed for the great service, and will return for the steak taco! Great place!
5 I'm there right now.  This place has great food, fun staff and the owners are great!  I come here several times a week!   The lamb is great!
4 Service was ok, there was only one person. Dishes looked very presentable and ambiance was relaxing. Chicken was very succulent and very well made. Salsa was served warm which was the first time I've heard of. Server was really friendly and although the ambiance was relaxing it would have been nice to listen to a variety of music instead of only John Mayer.
3 I always drive by this little restaurant and I've been wanting to stop by for a long time, so happy I finally did. Only had a few drinks and an appetizer. The atmosphere was very nice and private. They even had live music! Which I was not expecting given the size of the restaurant. The customer service was great! Our waitress was very helpful and accommodating. I know I will definitely go back in the future! For now they get three stars because I wasn't the biggest fan of their salsa. We shall see how they do next time.
4 Food, service and ambience was wonderful but two things prevent me from giving it 5 stars. I am a water drinker and even with three lemons the taste was horrible. Also bought $30 worth of "double take coupons for $15, but they don't let you use them on the same visit, something not explained even in the fine print.  But all that aside, the steak and the sauces, chips and salsa and pico were great. All 6 of us were very happy with our meals.
4 I came here for dinner with my family after using the map feature from yelp. The place is super cool and the ambiance is great. Upon entry we were met by friendly staff members and promptly seated and served drinks.   The food was great!!!!  I got the steak burrito and my wife ordered chicken al fuego. I couldn't be happier with the meal. There might have been a mix up in the kitchen which delayed it, but it was corrected with a second round of drinks on the house.   There was live entertainment that sadly started towards the end of our meal. He was great and it really set the mood. We will go back here for sure and I hope this place gets support to stick around.
4 Really dig the atmosphere here. This rad, industrial/contemporary/Spanish style makes for an aesthetically-pleasing interior. The outdoor seating area in the front is super adorable, but it's right on Bell so all of the traffic kind o' kills the vibe. =( The service was rather slow, but our beautiful server's personality and smile made up for it. =) And of course, the dude jammin' on the balcony inside was very entertaining. The food presentation was on point all around. The freshest ever, zesty guac. was memorable. I wasn't really into the warm salsa, but that's just a personal preference. I did enjoy how different it was from the norm though... had a rare sweetness to it which was a nice balance with the salty notes from the chips. And my enchiladas were deliiiiish.   The staff was upbeat and friendly. The food was fresh and tasty. The chill ambiance was ideal. All in all, I really enjoyed my night here and will definitely be back for another Lenero experience.
4 Really nice place, menu is great!  Definitely worth visiting.  Some dishes were good but not terrific, maybe it was just an off day?  I'd say between 3 and 4 stars.  Place has the potential to be solid 4 or even move into 5 territory.
1 Had a terrible meal. Restaurant was understaffed and server was more interested in interacting with wife/girlfriend and child than waiting on customers. In fact, not sure they even wanted to be open for business. We tried ordering their signature margarita with spices, only to be told the spices hadn't been prepped. ITS their signature drink! It was probably 20 minutes before we got any drinks. I use yelp a lot for picking restaurants, and tend to focus on food quality since anyone can occasionally get bad service. Food was pretty good, except for several problems. First, one entree for a person in our party was cold by the time it was served. The flour tortillas are only 4 inches in diameter making it difficult to eat fajitas. My fajitas weren't served with any accompaniment like cheese our sour cream or anything. To top things off the server never checked on us to see if we wanted more drinks or if our dishes were ok. Apparently too busy checking his watch to see when he was getting off. Now you might think, oh he might have been overworked because I said they were understaffed. We were the only party in the restaurant at 7 pm and he was the only bar tender/ server there. Given that I am in the Southwest, I know there must be many better Mexican places to choose from, particularly ones that care about their customers all the time.
5 I was driving by when the outside attracted me to this place.  I totally dig this place.  There is a tiny stage that hangs over the restaurant with a great guitarist playing on this Friday night.  The food was unique and tasty.  I wasn't in a hurry and the pace of bar was relaxed so if your in a hurry do drive thru at Taco Bell.  But If your looking for an evening place to take a date and you don't want break the bank this place is great!
5 We went to Lenero's for lunch.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Our waitress and the manager were glad to answer any questions (except the  secret spice in the salsa) we had.  The warm salsa was very good.  A new slant on chips and salsa.  Being the first time we had visited there, we played is safe and had chicken enchiladas and steak burrito.  They were both very fresh and flavorful.  Excellent.  There is nothing fried there.  Everything is grilled over apple or peach wood.  The cocktails were very good as well.  We highly recommend this if you are looking for good Mexican food that is a bit different.  We will be going back regularly!
5 I had the steak and chicken enchiladas and they were delicious. Our waitress was very friendly, different Mexican good but very good. I will be back to try more of their delicious food. Also, the prices are very affordable.
2 When you walk through the door you're greeted with an amazing smell (reminded me of when my dad would cook meat in our smoker with apple wood chips when we were kids). Second was how great the restaurant looked, it was clean and inviting. The bartender smiled and waved at us like we were old friends and told us to have a seat anywhere...(time was 12:22)  So far we're off to a great start. So what possibly could have went wrong to cause a 2 star review? Our service.   The bartender brought us over some menus and explained that we could order brunch or lunch, brought us some chips and salsa, then went back to the bar, we didn't see any other server in the restaurant so for a while we thought she was just ignoring us. So we sat and sat and sat waiting for our actual server to come by. Keep in mind there were 3 other tables in the restaurant, one was just leaving so we'll call it two.   Let's touch on the chips and salsa. I loved the chips, they were fantastic, however, the salsa was not a "dipping salsa" it had a wonderful flavor and would have been great on a taco salad (why don't you have taco salads?) or poured on the top of a burrito but it was horrible for dipping chips. There were NO chunks, it was the consistency of hot sauce.   Finally our server greeted us with her presence, she walked up and didn't say "Hi, I'm so-and-so, I'll be taking care of you folks today" or "Welcome to Lenero, have you been here before" or even just "hello" instead she said "what can I get you to drink". I almost responded with an "hi, I'm fine thank you for asking" but I refrained. We ordered our drinks and I asked for an order of guacamole, it's 12:31 at this point (9 min after walking in the door).   There we sat, bored with our chips and salsa, read every yelp review of Lenero, discussed our plans for rest of the day etc. Our server finally came by to ask if we were ready to order. Not by asking if we were ready or if we had any questions. She walked up and in her snotty tone said "what do you want". Seriously?? That's not how you talk to someone! I was so taken aback by her attitude I decided right then and there we will not be back. This food would have to be sent straight from the Heavens for it to tip the scales back in the favor of the restaurant.   I ordered the chicken tacos and my bf ordered the enchiladas. As she was walking away he mentioned to her we're still waiting on our guac, it's been over 10 min at this point. She seemed surprised by our request to get the guacamole, almost like she just plain forgot I even ordered it.   Finally our guacamole came. TWENTY-ONE minutes after ordering it. By this time the appeal of chips and guac was completely gone. She gave a million excuses about how there were steaks that needed to be cooked and the cook is extremely busy. The only other table in the place had already gotten their food and was about to leave. That left one table of folks. You're telling me the cook couldn't manage to toss some guacamole together because he was too busy making steaks for the one table in the restaurant? She told us it was on the house. That was nice but I would have rather of paid for it and have received it 16 min ago.   Finally the bartender came over to apologize for the guacamole taking so long and explained that the cook is new and he went in order of the tickets arriving and needed to prepare the food for the OWNER'S FAMILY first. So I've been sitting here hungry because the owner needed to eat and that took priority?   Our lunch came out pretty fast and my tacos were good, what the menu doesn't mention is they are street tacos, not normal sized ones. Which was fine by me but I could see where someone else wouldn't have been impressed with 4 really small tacos. The enchilada was also good but the menu should clarify it is a spicy dish. While we both love spice, again I can see how someone else would not have liked it. If my mom had ordered it she wouldn't have been able to eat it, the dish was that spicy.   Bottom line is we do not have any intentions on coming back. While the food was good, it wasn't phenomenal. The salsa was not ideal for "chips and salsa" and the service was HORRIBLE. It's been a long time since I've had a server that snobby. She should be really lucky we left her 20% because she certainly did not deserve it (I'm having tipper's regret).
5 Just tried this for the first time... Dinner on a Friday at 7:30. Full but no wait. Attentive service; we were greeted as we walked in. A good amount of food for the price. He had lamb, I had fajitas. Both were good w enough to take some home. Salsa was nice and spicy and the live music was good but a little loud, so if you don't like that type of thing avoid Fridays. Felt warm and intimate; a good place for a date. Really no complaints, we will be back.
4 Last night a group of 8 of us dined at Lenero.  The only reason why i am taking away 1 star is because I made a reservation for us to sit by the window and our table was not set up where we had discussed when I made the reservation.  If I could only take away 1/2 a star I would but I can't give a perfect rating because of the mixup so 4 stars it is.    After that everything was great.  We started with drinks, mostly beers on tap.  I am not a beer drinker but they have a hard cider on tap that was very good.    For appetizers we ordered the guacomole and the queso fundido.  Both were absolutely delicious.  I could have made a meal just out of those two if the others would have let me hoard them.  But as they were so good I was forced to share.  Which was good because otherwise I would have missed out on the Swai fish entree.  Oh wow, that was so good!  Swai is a very mild white fish.  They cook it wrapped in tinfoil so it steams and stays completely moist.  A nice mix of veggies is cooked in the foil with the fish too.  I ate every bite.  For my sidedish I picked the charro beans.  They were so good that I took them home for leftovers after stuffing myself with appetizers and the Swai.  Our waitress then offered us complimentary slices of their chipotle chocolate cake.  The first bite seemed a little ehhh.  But then with the second bite the chipotle kicked in and it was a very nice finish to a lovely dinner.  The cake was not overly sweet which was good and the kick of the chipotle was a nice warm surprise.    For now Lenero is only open for dinner but they plan to open for lunches soon.  We plan to be there when they do.
5 Wonderful little restaruant, Great service, Delicious food, and Awesome drinks.   Decided to stop in on our way to a soccer game for appetizers and had a great experience.   Would highly recommend the Queso Fundido and the Tierra y Mar.
4 I would easily have given this place 5 stars hands down, however the service was a bit too slow for our liking.  We felt that the waitresses and the host somehow forgot about us couple times so we did not want to seem annoying as we tried waving them down numerous times, but overall the food was absolutely delicious! It was on a weeknight and they were not slammed.  We also ordered some beers and they were not served very cold so we should have said something, but we did not want to seem unappreciative, but just letting you know that beers should be freezing cold always! (or at least serve the beer with ice cold glasses).  We had the guac, swai fish (out of this world amazing), enchiladas, and the kale salad. No complaints about the food whatsoever!  We will definitely be back!
4 Not your average Mexican food menu, but very good and a nice change from everywhere else.  Get anything where there is grilled meat.  I had the enchiladas and the Steak was amazing.  My fiancée loved her meal.  Inside is really nice and I hope they do well
5 I took my family here because I had only heard/read good things. We ordered the queso fundido and it came with fresh tortillas, definitely a delightful surprise. The guacamole was fresh, and the chili rellenos were incredible. We will be back.
5 Why five stars? Great food, outstanding service, plenty of parking in the back, and best off all, super reasonable prices.  for the guy with the Salsa picture, take the picture with a full bowl, not after you finished it... Some of those over priced restaurants can take a lesson on how to treat customers.
5 Really good vibe. Food is excellent. Come and you will say to yourself, wow this is a really nice experience.
5 Excelente from start to finish.  I am very picky when it comes to Mexican food as both my grandmothers were great cooks.  This place does not disappoint. From the friendly service, the addicting salsa and simple yet delicious tacos. I had 3 steak and 1 shrimp and they were wonderful. I love the cabbage in the tacos.  You could taste the love in these dishes.  Can't wait to return and try all the other plates.
1 Today was to be lunch at Lenero's after church.  I never ate there but the rest of the family had and they had very good things to say about the food and the service. When we walked in, we were not greeted but the sign said to seat ourselves, so we did.  We waited for menus/water/chips.  We waited.  And we waited.  Finally we got chips and salsa (both very good) and we hunted down our own menus.  We ran out of chips and salsa and waited.  And waited some more.  My bro-in-law went to hunt down a waitress.  He found one and got very little response, so he very nicely offered to help bring water to the table.  She said she would be there soon.  She was not.  As we waited more, a couple was seated, got menus and did their order.  Before us.  Why did we wait so long?  Such a great question.  I think it was cognitive dissonance-the last time everyone was there it was so different, so the thought was maybe we were just hitting the timing wrong.  Until the other couple got service before us.  We finally realized we were being stupid for staying and got up to leave.  As we walked out someone said "thanks for coming in"--did they realize we never ate?   Maybe this was a fluke.  Maybe this has never happened before (except reading some of the other reviews, I think this is more the norm).  Businesses need to understand that customer service is important, maybe even more important than presentation and taste.  I give Lenero's a ZERO for customer service, the one star is for the chips and salsa.    Will I be back?  Nope, unless there is some compelling proof that things have changed.  Are you listening Lenero's?
4 When lenero changed the hours to 4:30 open time I was really sad. This was one of my prime lunch spots, now I'll never be able to come here....   I love the salsa here, blended and served hot! It's probably the best salsa ever! I don't like chunky salsa, so this was perfect!
4 Clean, friendly, and fast, this little mexican cantina is more Maestros than Macayos. Its not overbearing in the class, and the food is reasonably priced. Tasty, and fresh this is a nice change of pace from the standard mexican fare. With a short but varied menu, craft beers on tap and a wall of premium spirits, its a welcome addition to the north valley. Great place for a date
5 Friendly service and amazing food! Valle Luna just got bumped down to our #2 favorite Mexican spot due in part of Leñero. This place is more authentic, tastes better and for the same cost. If you're looking for great tasting food with a nice subtle atmosphere come here!! You won't be disappointed.
1 Taco Tuesday?! Not at this joint. Our pathetic tacos had three baby slivers of chicken with a whole lot of cabbage. After calling over the server and showing her our sad tacos, her response was "what do you want me to do with it?!"  Screw it, take it back and can my husband have another margarita....30 minutes later it arrives with no apology attached!   Customer service is not a priority in this establishment!
2 The ONLY reason this place gets stars is for the atmosphere. The restaurant itself is really nice, but that's where the positive review ends. The manager frequently answers these Yelp reviews, which I commend, by saying bad customer service is not the norm. Somehow I doubt that very much. There were extremely long lags between ordering drinks, putting in our food order and finally getting our entrees. Yes, they were busy, but that is not an excuse for slow or poor service. The waitresses were less than enthusiatic. They seemed just BLAH.   Now for the food. After waiting 45 minutes just for the appetizer, finally it came. It was some kind of play on surf (steak)  and turf (shrimp). The steak had good flavor and was cooked nicely, but you could tell it was a cheaper cut. It was SO fatty! The shrimp was just OK. Nothing I'd write to mom about. After that we probably waited another 10 minutes for the main dish. That means it took AN HOUR for our food to arrive. But I digress... I ordered the chicken fajitas. The chicken was so dry and so fatty, it was barely edible. I think they used dark meat and that's why it was on the fatty side. The tiny tortillas make it impossible to really fit much inside of them. Why even bother? The dish does not come with any accompaniments, like sour cream or cheese, like other restaurants offer. No, here they charge you extra for an entree that is already $12. Why not just include the cheese and sour cream and charge $14? That way your customers feel like they're getting their money's worth, because most of the dish was peppers and onions. If the chicken were actually good, I'd want more. The guacamole I paid extra for was bland and looked like it had been made using a mortar and pestil. It was not well incorporated.   Oh, and the chips and salsa! I forgot. The 'salsa' is very watery and had a rather weird after taste. And I didn't like that it was served hot, either. It was like they pulverized peppers and tomatoes together in a food processor and forgot to add seasoning. Extremely bland.   Now, how anyone can say this is the best Mexican food they've ever had, must have left their taste buds at home, but I guess to each their own, right? I really had high hopes for Lanero, but after this experience, I won't be back. For what they charge and the quality and value you get for the money, you're better off going to Chipotle where paying extra for guacamole is worth it.
2 My boyfriend and I had went in for dinner and was not pleased at all. Instead of going to our usual spots for Mexican food like Blanco, LA Fonda Del Sol and Z'tejas, we decided to try somewhere new. I hoped that this little joint would be awesome but within 10 minutes of arriving, I lost hope. We sat, got our menus, ordered our drinks and received our drinks. 10...15 minutes later, no one had come to our table to take our order. I got up to ask who our server was. We got an apology and our new server was really nice but it did not make up for how bad the food was. I ordered the Chile relleno and it was pretty much a soggy bell pepper with cheese that was drenched with the same salsa they served with the chips. It just looked like a sad dinner. Not worth the money... Boyfriend ordered the enchiladas - no bueno. But the drinks were good! They took care of the first round of drinks to make up for forgetting us but nothing makes me want to go back. But we tried!
4 Amazing Happy Hour deals!!!      Great appetizers and drinks, this place is tucked away between a Whataburger and furniture store. Place is small, but very well decorated! They even had a guitar player on the second floor who played nice and calming songs during happy hour!  Nice!! :)  Not very much to say since we only came here to try out their happy hour, and all of the appetizers we ordered were great!! Especially the Queso Fundido, that was delicious!!! Yum and the nice long list of drinks!! The bartender that night mixed up some delicious cocktails too!!  I definitely will come here again to try out the full menu soon!
2 We recently moved to the neigborhood and I was excited to check this place out based on the reviews. Unfortunately Lenero Mexican Grill didn't live up to the hype.  First of all, the reviews here state that this place is good for kids. While I wouldn't exactly say it's an inappropriate place to bring kids, they're definitely not set up to accomodate them either. The hostess gave us a choice of two tables: one high-top and one regular. The regular table was sqeezed up so close to another party that there wasn't even room to sit on one side, so we chose the high-top and asked for a booster seat for my son. They don't have booster seats so the hostess offered a high chair. I accepted and she brought over a high chair so short that my son's head would be below the table. What the???  That wasn't going to work, so I asked if we could sit at the regular table. She said sure, then stood back and watched as we moved the table away from the other party to allow enough room for us to sit down. We pulled up the high chair to the new table and it was still about 6 inches too short! My son is 2 1/2, it's not like he's an infant. They need to have high chairs that fit thier tables or not bother.  Next up, they don't have a kids menu so I asked the waitress if we could just order a bean and cheese burrito with a side of rice for our son. She said they could.  After a while, my entree and my son's meal came out, but my husband's order was nowhere in sight.   My son's bean burrito was fine, but his side of rice was in a little glass bowl and had a ton of cilantro in it. I knew he wouldn't eat it and my side of rice had almost no cilantro, so I traded with him. My son and I got started eating, thinking my husband's order would be out momentarily. Nope. I was done with my entree before my husband's meal arrived. And no big apology from the server, either.  The food and margaritas were pretty good, but pretty pricy considering what we got. I MIGHT go back and give thier customer service another chance, but I definitely would not bring my son next time.
5 Just happened to notice this place driving down Bell a couple times.  It is nestled between a car wash and a thrift store. Once I walked inside I was overcome, in a good way by the smoky smell of the wood they use to smoke their meats. We got seated right away, and noticed that the music they were playing was really good. Then my wife looked up and saw a live musician perched on an upstairs stage. Would have never guessed it, throughout our meal we were loving every minute of that. The food was excellent, but the best dish was the beef fajitas my wife ordered.  I am telling you right now, they are the best anywhere in town. I guarantee you that. Love this place and will definitely be returning.
1 Ate there and the food was good. However, 3 days after I went there I noticed 2 charges on my debit from them instead of 2. They deny that there was an error made on their side and refused to return the money they stole from me. I spent 4 hours trying to file a dispute with my bank and am still waiting on a resolution. BEWARE IF YOU GO THEY MAY STEAL MONEY FROM YOU
5 Love this place. Great drinks, food and atmosphere. North phoenix not known for cool restaurants but this is for sure one if them. Take a friend here and impress them with your culinary insights.
