5 This company is AWESOME! I had an old couch and love seat I couldn't even GIVE away to three different charities. I was so frustrated that I finally called 1-800 GOT JUNK. I'd heard the company's commercials on 96.9FM, and thought the "Magic Finger" was a bit odd, but nevertheless...I went online and saw the pricing. I called the company and was told I could also receive a $10 discount for going online. I am NOT kidding...within ONE HOUR, the GOT JUNK crew came to my house and took away the old furniture within minutes. They were fast, friendly AND I was actually charged much less than what I was quoted over the phone. I ended up paying less than $80 and got rid of the junk. It was well worth the price. This company is the "real deal." Too bad they can't haul away ex-husbands or boyfriends....
5 We have used Got Junk on many occasions. They always do a great job at a reasonable price. The workers are always very courteous and efficient.
5 When you call this company you receive the Customer Service agents who are based out of Canada, they are fantastic.  They explain how the pricing works, truck size, etc. and we were even able to get a free estimate the next day.  We told them we had tile to be removed from our property, considered "construction debris" and where it was located, how much, etc. We (the Customer Service agent, and myself) mutually agreed how much it would probably be so we had a set price range in our head when they arrived for our free estimate the next day.  This company is franchise based, so when the Arizona office showed up we learned that tile was considered "rock" and is priced by weight, and this is due to the state recycling/dumping regulations. Our price changed, almost doubled.  The manager of the AZ office, listening very calmly and patiently to our situation did an amazing thing - he honored the price quoted over the phone by the Customer Service agents.  He took quite a hit too.  He has a "Do what is right for the customer" attitude.  We were very very impressed.  The team that showed up was quick, nice, and professional.  They cleaned every tiny speak of tile from our side yard and left our driveway looking better than before.  In a day and age where Customer Service is lacking, and simple attributes such as integrity and honor are hard to find...1-800-Got-Junk (Arizona) has it in spades.  I would recommend and use them again.
