5 Got my oil changed for a great price - good value and customer service!  I plan on bringing in my Honda here for all future maintenance needs.  The owner was friendly and I trust his opinion a lot more than those dealerships that try to scare me into doing unnecessary work.  I'm happy to support honest and hardworking small businesses!
5 This place is great. Very upfront and honest service. Saved a lot of money coming here. They offer great incentive such as free diagnostics, pressure checks and 8 A.M. discounted oil changes. I wish I would have found this place a long time ago after being ripped off by so many other shops. Look for them on Decatur Blvd. behind the Purrfect auto. (stay away from Purrfect Auro unless you just need a smog check). Island Auto is hands down the best mechanic shop I have found so far... and no, I don't work there. They are just that good!
5 Awesome place ! I just got my transmission & motor oil changed for a great price . He also changed my brake light bulb without charging me.
5 I found my new auto shop that I can feel comfortable with. They are super friendly and they don't pressure you to do unnessary work on your car. I am super happy with my new window and will be back. Finally found an auto place I can trust.
5 After asking a friend of mine of where to go - I took my SUV down to Island Auto for an oil change and a check engine light that was on in my car.  The owner was really nice and honest - he didn't give me the run-around or try to overcharge me.  My car was repaired well, and for a much better price than what the dealership wanted to charge me.  Will be back again!
5 First of all I would really like to thank the guys at Island Auto Service!  They have been by far the most honest mechanics I have found.  A few months ago my timing belt broke on me, which is such a tedious and expensive fix, and so I was frantically looking for a shop to take my Hyundai Tiburon to who wouldn't absolutely rip me off!!!  I found good reviews about Island Auto, gave them a call and they quoted me almost half of what other places were quoting, so I took it to them immediately.  Kawika, the owner/manager (I believe) is so nice and helpful!  Originally they quoted me one price and it turned out to be cheaper than expected!  Most mechanic shops would have just pocketed the difference... Needless to say I left very happy with a new timing belt, along with other things, and a car that was running great.  THEN a week ago my car was leaking oil like crazy.  I brought it right back to them and they fixed it up (crank shaft seal) free of charge!!! bc it had something to do with the previous work done.  Great, I mean seriously wonderful customer service!  I also like how Kawika will text you to let you know the status of everything.  I will continue to bring my car to these guys and will be seriously recommending them to everyone I know!
