5 This is my favorite place to go for hair and makeup! Mercedes is amazing with cuts, colors and extensions and Diane is a makeup master. Love this place!
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE the hairstylists at LifeSpa and Salon especially Kim Carrizzo!!
4 The staff here is very welcoming. If you have any hesitations about a Spa/salon then they will definitely set your mind at ease.  I plan on returning for a wonderful massage!
5 I've been going to Mandi for years, so it was no surprise that she gave me a great cut. The bonus was the hair wash by Nicole. She made my day! I love that Michael's team is now in summerlin. Makes my life so much easier!!
5 I was introduced to this salon by a Yelp event and even though it's a real haul from my house, I'm glad that I have been coming to this place. Christopher has transformed my hair into a medium blonde from an auburn in a few steps that were painless each time.  What I really like about this salon is that not once have I been pressured to buy a product. I absolutely hate that about a lot of salons that they use 15 products on you and use every trick in the guilt trip book to make you want to buy all of them. I'm not interested. I leave without a hair product I won't use just because the salon has told its stylists to make a monthly product sales quota.  I've only had my hair done so I'm not sure about the other services offered, but I dig this place.
3 This place is extremely convenient if you workout at lifetime! The price is pretty high but with lifetime bucks I got a 30% discount so I figured I would try. My stylist was nice, took me right on time and did a great job. However I was falling asleep in the chair! He barely talked to me and I don't know if that's normal but my usual girl and I chat it up! He didn't ask me about what color I wanted my highlights but assumed based on my current style.. I was considering a different one. But I went with it as not a big deal as still summer and I like my blonde. I was on my phone texting most of the time to keep me awake and when cutting my hair he didn't ask me to sit up so cut straight, I didn't even realize he had started. The sink for my rinse was at a horrible angle and hurting my neck, I was holding my head up straining until he noticed and put a towel down for padding.  Otherwise they were efficient and people there were all working together as a team to help each other with what they needed. He was very efficient and told me some pointers regarding my hair and products I currently use vs what he would recommend. However he didn't ask me to buy anything, said finish what I have and think about it first. That's a good thing... Not only did he do a great job in the end but it wasn't all about the money for the salon.  So it was a good deal but unless I'm really pressed for time for the extra $80 if I didn't have my discount I would much rather go to my usual place and have fun while there.
5 Very clean, awesome products for sale and the staff is very knowledge about everything, you can even get a discount with your LT bucks
3 I had a very high expectations scheduling my appointment in this salon. Wanted simple short cut. Everything was pretty good, I liked my new hair do. However it was very strange that they charge $50 for a cut but then extra 45$ to blow dry it. I never ever in my life was sent home with wet hair. Is it so hard to say that hair cut is $95? I thought it was funny.
1 NEVER GO TO DAVID!!!!!!! Worst experience ever! I had virgin hair and I wanted it a little lighter. The front desk lady recommended David so I went to a consultation with him and he said he would add some lowlights. I went for my appointment and he bleached my hair! I was in shock! Now I'm super blonde and that not what I wanted. And after he blow dried my hair he wanted to cut 4 inches off when I had just had my hair cut the week before! Like are you kidding me! There was no way I was letting him cut my hair! Especially after I realize I have bleach blonde hair! I washed my hair the next night and after it felt like gum! When I brushed it it started coming out in clumps!! I had to cut my hair! My mom called to complain and they didnt do anything. We talked to a couple hairdressers and they all said he completely ruined my hair and asked if he was just out of school (and he's not) my mom called lifetime and the lady said she would have someone call her and nobody ever did. She went in to the lifetime spa and the desk lady said David was at colors in Cesar's (the other salon he works at) and said she would have David call her. He never did! My mom went in the next day and after a lot of time they finally refunded her. Nobody from lifetime has called her still. She called again and the lady said David was out of town but the day before she said he was at the other salon. I think he is just to obsessed with himself to admit he screwed up!  I think he knows he messed up because while i was there he did 2 treatments after bleaching my hair.    My mom went into lifetime the next day and the lady said what do you want we refunded you. My mom said an apology from him would be nice and maybe a free treatment to fix her hair. She said he said to use the kerastase swim line because I have discusting hair full of chlorine and copper. My mom said she doesn't even swim (and I don't) he has still not called and nobody from lifetime has either. I will never ever go back to lifetime spa and NOBODY should ever go to DAVID at LIFETIME SPA!!!!
1 My girlfriend use to use this salon.  She was a repeat customer who spent 300-400 every couple months.  The girl who she use to use for coloring really messed up her hair.  She had to go back and pay her again to fix it.  She didn't fix it and made it worse.  My girlfriend had to go to another salon to get it fixed.  It ended up costing her close to 1k.  The girl ( who's name I won't mention) was very rude about the whole thing and even had the nerve to blast my gf on fbook.  Told her to never step foot the salon and talked crap about her to all her friends.  Very rude and unprofessional.   The whole situation was quite shocking.
