1 I hate going to this place. I own a business and now I know why the Post Office is losing Millions and Millions, if not Billions of taxpayer dollars a year.  Very few times has this place opened on time, people are walking to open the door at a few minutes after 9am, I did wait 1 time till 9:05am. Most of the time you will get 1 or 2 people who are there to open up front and it looks like they are just getting to work and then 5 or 10 minutes you will get another person, again just getting to work. Oh, and are they just the happiest people in the world and want to work just fast to make the customer happy and do an outstanding job to help make the company more money.  GRRRRR, another reason I hate union and most government employees. I wish I could FIRE YOU ALL!!!
1 I hate this post office. I had to call them because I got a blue card in the mail saying "Your parcel was too large to fit in your mailbox, we left it with property management." My property manager said she was there all day and no packages were delivered. That's just peachy. When I called this post office I spoke with Amy who was so unhelpful! She was just like "I will check with the mailman when he gets back in at 5 or 6." They close at 5! She took my phone number and said she would only call me if there was a problem with my package. The only problem with my package is that you a**hole's lost it.
3 The post office is one of those places that you just don't go to when you are short on time...kind of like the DMV. There are always only two people working the counter. Depending on the needs of the other patrons, your wait time could be long. Someone has come out from the back on the last two trips I have made here to help customers who where there to only pick up packages or vacation mail, but not for money transactions. This kept the line down a little bit.  The staff is really nice and always has stickers to hand out to the children. The parking lot is also easy to access but don't be surprised if you get stuck behind someone trying to make a left onto University (there is a no left turn sign).
1 This post office in Mesa Arizona has the slowest working people in the United States. Not only do they only have one or two clerks out at one time but it seems like they always take a break for 20 minutes. When one worker comes back two workers go off to break. The other post offices in Mesa have workers who really seem to care about their jobs. They are efficient ,helpful, and speedy. At this post office they are slow,wander around with blank looks,and don't really care.  I spent 45 minutes in line with three people ahead of me 45 minutes is ridiculous.
1 This post office is extremely rude and have no idea what customer service is. My package was transferred to this post office from fed ex. It got sorted and was taken by one of the carriers and said it was out for delivery. This was on December 4th 2013. It is now 12/13/13 and my package has still not arrived. I have called, and emailed multiple times to try and get some answers. After my first experience calling and speaking to the rude woman on the phone claiming that I wasn't even calling the right post office, I got a call from their manager (Tim). I explained what happened and asked how a package could get in one of their trucks and just disappear into thin air. He said that he would look into it and he never got back to me. So this will make my 5th phone call today. This office has no idea where my package has disappeared to and wont call me back or give me answers. Horrible service and very disappointed. A bout a week later I receive an update through email saying that my package has been processed through a Texas post office. Please someone tell me how my package went from being "out for delivery" to a post office in Texas. Someone needs to have all of them fired at this location.
1 If this is the location off of University and Lindsay- this place is HORRIBLE. After dealing with these yahoos I told my husband I now understand why the Post Office is going out of business; and how people go postal.   So my husband and I recently moved and I did a change of address from my physical address to our new home. I did not change my PO box- we just renewed it for 6 more months.  Well, USPS decided to close our post office. I went in on my day off to talk to someone about it and got the run around. The lady who was "helping" me was clueless. She had her supervisor come out and I had to explain the story again after they insisted I forwarded my PO box mail; I finally got on my emails and found the confirmation which showed I did not change my PO Box and they took it upon themselves to close it. I then asked for them to refund my money since I just renewed. Apparently only one person who knows anything about PO boxes was out that day but would be in the next day. I told the lady I work M-F 8-5 about 25 miles away. I can't get there. My husband went down on his lunch hour to try and get our money back and the guy was still out. It's only $27 but now I'm to the point where I don't want them to have our money out of principle factor.
