5 This place rocks! I know, right? It's not hip, it doesn't have loud "music" and, well, yes, there is the occasional sick person. Not the place to take a date. BUT if you are eating alone ... very inexpensive, wholesome / quality, fast and full of choices.  I discovered this place when my dear mother was staying in the hospital. You get: Hot entrees, with daily menu changes, hot grill, decent salad bar, cold deli sandwiches made to your specification, giant walk-up coolers with pre-made food, ice cream, popcorn and espresso.   You can't find freshly prepared, quality hot food this inexpensive anywhere. I'm giving it five stars because it's the best value I know of in the Valley of the Sun.
5 I work for the hospital and am fortunate enough to get to eat here every day. The value blows everything else out of the water - including bringing my own lunch. Breakfast usually runs between $1 and $3 and lunch and dinner is typically between $2 and $5 and you can save even more if you ask for a Live Well punch card (free meal after 5 Live Well selections).  There are daily specials and tons of healthy options. I appreciate that the nutritional information is posted for each item so you can make smart decisions. I have worked at several valley hospitals and the food offered at Mayo Clinic is so much healthier and better tasting.
5 Great food for a hospital. Definitely impressed.  Pros:  1.  Plenty of parking for people to visit. Easy to find off the main highway (you want to take the 56th Street exit). Parking is free.  2.  Never thought I would say this but their lunch room is top notch. Great selection of food, labeled with nutritional information, and definitely tasty. Also, not break the bank prices. If I lived/worked in the area I would stop by here just for the lunch, that's how good it was to me.  Cons:  1.  None, I definitely approve of this place. Your health plan might be the issue for long-term care but I would definitely want to go here.
5 I can't deny it and even if I wanted to it wouldn't be in my nature to lie about this, but I went to Mayo to run many tests that had to be done all day and so I was starving when I stopped at their cafeteria and was blown away by all the choices offered for lunch. I ordered myself a turkey burger that day and it was quite tasty. I love the ambience and how the employees were very friendly. Also this cafeteria is huge and CLEAN.
4 Way better than an ordinary cafeteria, and much better than a typical hospital cafeteria!   Food selection is varied, healthy, and good. Nutritional information is also posted, so if you're watching calories you can plan your meal.
5 The food is delicious! And because it's a hospital there are healthy alternatives. And they have Starbucks coffee!  They make it easy to either dine in or get it to go. It's always clean and never crowded. Very inexpensive too. I had a tasty dinner for about $5.
5 As good as it gets for a hospital cafeteria!!!  Fresh, made-to-order sandwiches at the Deli Bar (think Subway), many selections of hot meals with nutrition facts listed on the menu, plus pre-made salads with yogurt and other single-serve foods.  And don't forget the salad bar, at $.35/pound has a wonderful selection of fresh ingredients.   Examples of food from my family's visit:  a generous scoop of delicious chicken salad, with nuts & grapes, on a small bed of fresh greens for $2.15, hard-boiled egg for $.75; 12" spinach-wrap Deli sandwich with pepper turkey, pepper-jack cheese, romaine lettuce and horseradish sauce for $4.40.    Like I said, as good as it gets for cafeteria food!  Try it...
5 This is the only hospital cafeteria I have ever enjoyed being at. They have a deli section that makes custom sandwiches, you can order just like subway :) And the Entree line has at least 4-5 choices with a very nice fish every time. And the best part... A ice cream section!!! Yes that's right, and let me say it's about time, what better time to have serious comfort food! BTW they have a large selection of healthy choices as well, so you can add fruit to your ice cream :)
