5 Like the mighty USS Essex LHD-2, 2 on the hull but second to none. The 2nd store of its kind to serve the valley and the residents of Spring Valley now has gold in them hills.  I came in to get my chicken wing fix because they closed the Hooters at Sunset station, and at risk of confusing you, the naked wings brushed with the honey hot sauce is only rivaled by B-dub's mango habañero and more manageable for the mild pallets out there.  The fresh passion bread tossed in their garlicky butter and Parmesan cheese is the best rendition in the valley.  I also had a slice of pizza with mushrooms but there is something else besides mushrooms and it the zing I experienced makes me think that what they have is better than any New York style. The service is top notch. I saw 4 people grace my table of one as I enjoyed some NBA action. Loud enough to here commentating but not so much as to have to yell over surrounding clatter.  For now, 5 stars until I revisit to try the rest of the menu. Since the stuff I had was surprisingly original and not like the hole-in-the-walls who serve the same bowling alley grease troughs. Lastly, Jared, my server, made me feel right at home. Well, not really- I don't have servers at home, but welcomed I was. And between 3rd and 4th quarter, I saw the delivery driver in and out a couple of times. He must be really fast. Nowadays, when I call any of those other places they tell me an hour and they fill it pretty well. I kinda wished I lived nearby, because Alec or Alex seemed very professional and friendly, too.
3 This place has massive potential, but definitely needs a little help..  This restaurant is beautiful and spacious. The interior resembles the "Streets of New York" including a traditional, New York street lamp, in the middle of the dinning room, and brick accents surrounding the "Heart of the House". Beautiful tables and booths all dressed with candle center pieces, and of course, shakers filled with chili flakes and parmesan cheese.   My son and I came here for lunch and we were excited. With a name like "Streets of New York Pizza" who wouldn't be excited to eat a slice? My son ordered the kids, in house made, "Mac and Cheese"(refer to pic) which he enjoyed. It came with seasoned fried and a big bowl of mac and cheese.  I ordered a #3 which is "2 Slices with 1 Topping"(refer to pic) from the lunch menu. The pizza came out, which i then asked for my usual ranch to accompany my pizza. I ask for ranch just in case the pizza is not flavorful enough. Surprisingly, this pizza did in fact, have LITTLE flavor. Which in my head, was absurd! I'm thinking, "with a name like Streets of New York Pizza there's NO WAY i'm going to need this ranch!". I was wrong. The crust was perfect. Nice and crispy, just the way i like it. But the pizza, just wasn't singing, like it should have been. A very big let down.  The tastiest food there was definitely the complementary "Garlic Bread and Warm Marinara"(refer to pic). Woo Wee!! This stuff was awesome! The bread was sooo fluffy and flavorful, and The marinara was DELICIOUS! I would come back just for that.  The one thing i wouldn't come back for would be the service.The service here was just, eh.. I told the waitress that we have never been here before, and she gave us nothing. I asked her what they were famous for, or what was their specialty and again, nothing. I even went as far as to inform her that this location was not on Yelp and i would be adding them today, still nothing. Towards the end of my meal, i glanced behind my shoulder to find 3 of the employees, sitting at the bar stools, eating and watching TV. Crazy right? I was trying to get my servers attention so i could pack my sons food up but it was apparent that she was a little busy watching TV.  Decent prices, decent food. 3 stars for now.
1 I'm always excited to try new places, especially those close to home. We were headed elsewhere, but popped into Streets when we noticed they were open. The space is nicely decorated,  it offers a warm and welcoming atmosphere, with a large dining room and bar with a few taps. The sign suggested seating yourself so we grabbed a table in the center of the dining room.  We sat a little too long before someone came over. Our drink order was taken but we weren't certain what we wanted, a menu would be nice. He realized and brought two over. We had questions about slices that he couldn't answer. He walked off and I thought he was going to ask, but ended up on another task. Our waitress came over. Fortunately, she was able to help. Slices are pre-baked as cheese pizza and they add whatever toppings you like.   She further explained they've been open two weeks in this location and the original location is up north. We mentioned this was our first visit and we'd like to know what's best to order. She suggested the slices, chicken parm, eggplant rollatini and a couple subs. I went with two slices: sausage and pepperoni. My husband chose the eggplant with penne.  Breadsticks were brought over with marinara sauce. The sauce was more of a paste which I don't care for, but my husband didn't mind it. The breadsticks were ok. Rosati's does these too and theirs are warmer, crisper and more chewy. They were too similar not to compare them.   While we waited we noticed the restaurant had a lot of bodies, few customers (us and another table) and waits were longer than expected. I've never seen so many people moving about but doing absolutely nothing. Our waitress and the other checked on us periodically so service wasn't bad it just was up to par.  Finally our food was served. The pizza didn't look particularly appetizing, but I dug in. The sausage was terrible. I took two bites to confirm. It tasted like frozen pizza. My husband wouldn't even eat it and he eats most everything. He thought it tasted like microwavable pizza. The pepperoni was a bit better when loaded with chili flake. It was cooked more evenly  too.   The pasta and eggplant rollatini were a bit better, but the eggplant wasn't heated all the way through. It was still cold in the center. We waited way too long and paid too much for what seemed to be microwaved eats. The bill was $23, usually I'd consider that pretty affordable, but in this case?  It was too much.  They have a lot of work to do. There are several solid pizza joints nearby, they will have to seriously step up their game to even begin to compete.
3 My husband has been telling me about this place for at least a month.  Having been tricked by the signs for at least that long now, if not longer, he thought it was open a couple of weeks ago and swung by on his lunch break to grab a few slices.  Sadly, the wait continued.    Today we went for the first time at lunchtime.  The place was completely empty except for us and we were able to seat ourselves.  Plenty of seating, both tables and booths.  There are some flat screen tv's in the middle of the dining room.  Overall, decor was very nice and the place is spotless.    We were greeted with smiles by the staff and immediately a waitress in training came over with her trainer to give menus and take our drink order.    I tried 2 plain cheese slices and my husband had cheese ravioli with bolognese.  Before getting our meal we were given complimentary bread sticks, which were warm but a bit "chewy".  The marinara dipping sauce seemed typical but good.    My husband enjoyed his ravioli and, for $8.95, it was a pretty decent sized portion.  As for the slices... well I expected to be more impressed by a place with "New York" in the name.  At the risk of sounding harsh, they were really no better than something I'd find at pizza hut, except maybe that the crust was a "crust above".  The slice was thicker than I'd hoped and there was this overly thick layer of cheese.  Definitely failed the cheese to sauce ratio that is so important to a slice of NY pizza.  The sauce was bland.    I had an issue where they refilled my soda and it was just a watered down version of Coke.  I told my waitress and she apologized and offered to get me a new one, so no problem there.  But we were already out the door.    Overall, solid service, nice decor, just OK food.
2 As pizza is one of my favorite, I was excited to see that a new pizza joint opened close to me that offered gluten free. Well, that is the only gf option offered. The waitress knew little to nothing about the contents of each item and its ingredients. She ran back to the "chef" three times while taking our order to confirm whether or not certain items on the  menu were safe for me, like the salad dressings. To be safe, I ordered a salad with no dressing and made my own of oil, vinegar, and lemon.  We ordered the pear and gorgonzola salad that was NOT easy on the eye. The greens were old and wilted with brown edges. When tasting the salad, it wasnt any better. The pears literally came out of a can! The best thing was the candied pecans.   Now for the pizza. My gluten free pizza came to the table way over done, as I had to scrape off the burnt around the edges. The crust is my favorite part but couldnt eat it because it was burnt.The pizza sauce was extremely bland and may have come straight out of a can. The best thing about their operation is they have candle-lit pizza stands that help to keep the pizza warm on your table.  Another plus was the cleaniless and spaciousness of the dining room, after all it is a brand new restaurant. Their happy hour consisted of $1.00 off all beers, draught or bottle. Although the waitress did not know much about the menu, she was nice and apologized for my burnt pizza with a smile. Sorry, we will not go back, even if they run a groupon. There is just much better competition out there that I would rather spend my money on.
3 Saw this place while I was driving home and decided to just stop by and give it a try. I'm ALWAYS on the lookout for great pizza places and was pretty excited to try it out. I arrived about an hour before closing. The staff were in the process of greeting and the hostess was sitting at the bar, reading a book but gave me a warm greeting when she saw me. I asked her a few questions about when they opened and how they prepared their food and she was very helpful in answering all my questions.   After browsing I just ordered a small Cheese Pizza topped with onion and peppers and a Caesar salad to go. The restaurant seemed very spacious and clean and she offered me a drink while I waited for my food.   The service was nice but the food was just okay...The crust was made nicely but there wasn't enough marinara on the pizza (it seemed bland anyway). And I just wish there were more toppings on the pizza too. The salad didn't seem that fresh and they hardly gave me any dressing for it. The food wasn't terrible by any means but it was just whatever. I probably wouldn't go back for their pizza but I'd like to try a few other things on the menu and see how they fair.
3 i bought a Groupon to check out this eatery. it is very close to my house. we ordered: Eggplant rolitini w/angel hair and cream sauce, "Big Tuna" Sub Sandwich with onion rings, and Calzone with mushrooms, blk olives, onions,&bell pepper mix. total : $33.50 w/tax.the eggplant rolitini is not the best. very rubbery,stuffed with ricotta cheese, smothered in red sauce to mask the blandness. the angel hair with cream sauce is edible.the Calzone is about the size of a folded Pizza Hut personal pizza. the ingredients inside were plenty and very good. it is good;but, not the best. Sicily's Pizza on Durango has the biggest(12" !!) and best Veggie Calzones . the "Big Tuna" did not really have much tuna salad in it at all to warrant "Big Tuna".  it was mostly bread. the winner was the onion rings that came with the sub... WOW!! the onion rings were HUGE, very smoothly dipped in beer battery, and fried to a gorgeous and crunchy golden brown . it is straight up exactly the onion rings i used to get from a local Brooklyn pizza joint. it was a large serving too. i love that! no joke , the rings were so big, i could have worn it as a bracelet. they were not soggy at all. whomever is cooking it knew what they were doing. the restaurant is very clean, great atmosphere, nicely furnished, and very welcoming. i would come back for the onion rings.
4 I got a Groupon for this place and saw so many lackluster reviews I almost let it expire. Glad I didn't! Honestly I don't know what all the negative Yelp is about, food was good and the server, although a little inexperienced, was very friendly. If you're a gluten free person, the pizza was surprisingly good. I actually thought they may have made a mistake and gave me regular thin crust. I will be back.
4 By far the best pizza in the SW area. It is right up there with Metro Pizza. Glad we have a location so close to home! The garlic chicken Caesar salad is awesome!
4 We have had them deliver twice, both times ordering the same pizza. We got the house special (a supreme type topped pizza) both times.   I asked for it to be on thin crust the first delivery,  but received it on a thicker crust. The girl who wrote down my order, wrote my address down wrong, and I didn't hear them call me multiple times to get the correct address for over 40 minutes,. So the pizza was pretty old by the time we got it, but it was still warm and really good. I had been craving a thin and crispy crust, but I was still very pleased. The toppings were good, the cheese was tasty, but the sauce wasn't my favorite.  The next time,  I made it a bit more clear that I wanted thin and crispy crust to make sure I got it. We got a square cut (my fav for thin crusts) pizza full of toppings. Sadly,  I liked the regular crust better. The thin had very little flavor, and got mushy with the sauce after a bit. Bleh.  It was really good cold the next day though.   I will probably order again,  as I am having a hard time finding something better.   Oh, the bread sticks left a bit to be desired.  The sauce had no flavor and neither did the sticks, won't order those again.
4 I drove by this place so many times in the past couple months and a friend finally urged me to check it out.     I went there tonight with a friend.     The waiter "Stirling"  was very nice and very friendly.   The food came out quick.. We both ordered the Chicken Parm with Angel hair.   The sauce was ok a little chunkier than I like it...  other than that it was great the drink cups were big and the Waiter kept them full.   The portion was really big which is good because I like to eat.     I really enjoyed the food the atmosphere and the how friendly the staff was.   I will defiantly be back real soon! check it out!
5 I was excited to see they opened one up right by my house.   My favorite spot for Pizza.   Prices are great and the service staff is amazing!!
4 I decided to try this new pizza place out since it's so close to my office. The menu is pretty standard. Pizza, pasta, subs, and other similar items. There are lunch specials, which is what I like to see. The lunch specials are available 10:30 am to 4:00 pm.  I went with the six wings with a slice lunch special. For $6.95, you get six wings and a large slice of cheese pizza. If you want toppings on your slice, it's an extra .50 each. The portion is perfect for lunch.  The service was attentive and friendly. Prices are good. Another place I'm adding to my lunch rotation.
5 I have been in Vegas for 10 years, moving from IL where they have killer beef sandwiches. This restaurant was AMAZING!! Everything about it was great. The people were so nice to us. The menu was jammed packed with items that sounded so good it took me forever to decide on something. I haven't been so happy about a dinner in a long time. I HAD to yelp about it. I will be telling everyone to come here and try the beef sandwich. Delizioso!!! Cannot wait to go back and try the pizza!!
5 Disclosure: I have never eaten in the restaurant, I have always ordered for pickup since it's no more than 400 feet from my house.  Streets of NY is among my favorite places for take-out pizza - it's delicious! I love the pizza - it's definitely more of a NY pie (a little greasy, thin, floppy) - but it's SOOO good. I've had both the supreme and pepperoni. I recently ordered the artichoke dip, which I'd skip in the future (a lot of calories for not a lot of taste)... I'll just be sure to make up the calories in an extra slice.  MMmm.
4 I had an awesome slice of the new York combo minus the olives add jalapeños instead and my boyfriend had his own 10" personal. The cheese was nice and gooey and the Pizza was flavorful. Also while waiting for our pizza they gave us free "passion bread" basically their versions of garlics knots. I really enjoyed this place. It's quick, easy and yummy.
1 We received a coupon for buy one, get one entree. To be fair, it advertised "value", maybe the first sign of trouble. We ordered the pizza with extra sauce of which there turned out to be barely any. The pizza smelled of little more than burned garlic, and may have been two different pizzas combined as two halves seemed cooked to different degrees. The "signature crust" was basically a Dominoes crust, frozen, not fresh most likely. The sausage in the Napolitano pasta was listed as crumbled, but it came in strips? The angel hair was spaghettini. The sauce was not as good as Trader Joes sauce in flavor. Steer clear of this place unless you only priority is "Value", though it was no bargain compared to the cheapo chains IMHO.
4 Girlfriend took me here for my birthday. Awesome pizza. A little pricey but well worth it.
2 I'm always in search of a good pizza place and unfortunately this isn't it. I ordered 2 pizza's to go. One was their combo and the other a thin crust cheese pizza with black olives. Their thin crust was like a cracker and had no taste, the sauce was very dark and had the consistency of tomato paste and a flavor I didn't like. Plus they cut a round pizza into squares. Is this a NY thing? I've been to NY numerous times in the past and loved getting a big slice of cheese pizza while walking down Time's square, I don't recall the crust being like a cracker or being cut into squares. I remember having to fold the slice to eat it and having gooey good cheese dripping off. The combo wasn't any better, it had a thicker flavorless crust and the same sauce that was a bit too sweet and hardly any cheese. Very sad, because this place is within minutes of where I live but I won't be ordering from them again.
5 This place has the best Gluten Free Pizza Crust I have tasted in Vegas! My friends couldnt even tell the difference and the price was pretty decent for a gluten free hawaiian pizza! I will be returning very soon!
4 popped in for lunch after months of driving past wondering if I should stop, glad I did. was craving cheesy pizza and decided on two slices of pepperoni. the sauce was really good, very nice flavor. cheese was exactly what I was craving, nice and toothy. I usually prefer thinner crusts but I can't fault this crust. it was fluffy and not overly chewy which is my main aversion to thicker crusts. almost wishing I had not turned down the complimentary garlic knots, just was not in the mood. definitely worth bringing the family back for another try, giving some of the other menu items a shot. forgot to take any pics, was just too hungry :)
2 I order a pizza and side salad to go for dinner.  One couple in the restaurant and it was 6:30 pm.  I have had better frozen pizza and the Italian dress was lackluster.
4 returned for lunch again but this time with yelp on the mind-i took pics :) those free garlic knots? SO GOOD, the marinara is YUMMY! ordered a ten inch THIN CRUST supreme this time and it did not disappoint. That's two different types of pizza now, both really good. Will be returning for sure.
2 25$ for a pizza and it tastes like Dominos.
3 The pizza is great, but be careful.  We went during happy hour and the drinks are supposed to be reduced for domestic draught beer and house wine.  When we got our check, they said that Sam Adams isn't considered domestic beer and they don't carry that wine.  The menus are for Arizona not Vegas.  That is misrepresentation at its finest!
3 Good pizza tasty crust very good I called in to order a pizza to go they tell me it will be ready in ten minutes I arrive in about ten minutes I didn't expect my order to be ready ten minutes is too fast I paid my bill and was told pizza was not quite ready yet iwaited another twenty minutes for my order waitress didn't check once while I was waiting they shouldn't tell you ten minutes when it was closer to thirty.
5 Loved their pizza. Me and my sister came in and we got the lunch special a 10" pizza which wasn't pricy and later on I just wanted more. Definitely will be coming back.
5 Great food and outstanding service. The NY combo and cheese pizza were our choices and they were delicious. Would definitely go back. Not to mention, they have great prices for happy hour.
1 I was thinking this place was gonna be  Good. I WAS SO!!! Wrong!!! When we walked In we seen a sign that says, seat your self. We did. Lady seen us but did not give us Menus. i had a philly, that says in the menu Its very big!!!! I got it with no ONIONS. When I Got it, it looked to be a childs size. YA! Real big Lol. it was also really bad! There was no  Green peppers or mushrooms. Just very bad Raw meat and a little cheese. The bread was good. It came with a side of fries, there was about 8 fries In my plate. The pizza was NOTHING!!!!!!! Like NEW YORK!!!! Its more like frozen junk you get At a store. Such a waste of money. also we were Told they have free bread, but didnt have anymore! Well then, why bring it up? Lol and to top things Off it was soooo HOT!!!!!!!!!! Inside. Ok this is vegas Put your air on! It was hotter inside then it was  Outdoors. I will never eat here again. I can not put Into words how bad the meat was. I feel sick just  Thinking about it. This place is just paste and old Bread. Not! New york pizza.
4 I gotta say, we really like this place. We've ordered delivery from them twice. Their marinara sauce is damn good. Hubby likes the eggplant rolotini, and I've had their chicken parm and my daughter had spaghetti with sausage. The first time we tried their margherita on thin and crispy crust and didn't care for it at all. Too many tomatoes and the crust just seemed almost pre-made or packaged. Second try we had the combo pizza on regular crust and it was really, really good. Definitely our new go-to pizza/pasta joint. Oh and the girl over the phone already remembered me on my second call and was super friendly and helpful.
1 I got two slices of pizza togo  I got home open the box I can see they put more cheese on top before they reheat it So one was differnt kinda weird i wont be going back The pizza was bad pizza hut or dominoes is better pizza Nasty overall was expecting way more disapointed  Waste of money i could have gotten a. Whole medium pizza From dominoes at least the quaity is better Take your old overpriced pizza and shove it!
5 Let me tell you something about this little gem off Fort Apache and Trop. It's one of about 10 restaurants in a strip mall, very nice inside except for one thing: There was not one single person inside eating. Don't let this place go unnoticed! I don't give out many 5 stars, let alone for pizza, but their pies are fantastic.  3 types of crust to choose from, traditional New York hand tossed, a thin crust and a hybrid crust they call hand tossed thin, kind of a mix of the other two. Sauce is boss, and it was quite tasty, good cheese, not overly greasy and an abundance of topping choices.  The wings were also fantastic. We got the 'medium' heat level and and they were seasoned differently than the the typical buffalo (which really isn't my favorite anyway), not sure how to describe it but they were damn good.  The true test was bringing the pies home and seeing what everyone else thought...all 6 of us thought it was some of the best pizza around.
2 Pizza is made on a conveyor belt oven, not a traditional pizza oven. Dough is made different, tastes different, and has a different texture . Sauce and cheese is OK, but they destroy the pizza by placing oregano on it. Only Greeks and Mexicans place oregano on pizza. Definitely not a New York Neopolitan style pizza! If pizza was made like this in the REAL STREETS OF NEW YORK, they wouldn't last a week! The only thing I can compare this pizza to is Lil Caesars. So, if you like that type of pizza, it's the place for you. If you're from New York and know what NY pizza is don't waste your time.
5 Great food, friendly service, awesome happy hour beer specials. Had the calzone, huge portion. Definitely suggest giving them a shot :)
5 Great service and the best pizza I have had in Vegas. Try the passion cookie dessert it's phenomenal!!!
4 If I hadn't tried the pizza this place would have gotten 5 stars...  Don't get me wrong, their pizza isn't bad, however their other food is INCREDIBLE!!!    We have ordered from here a couple times and I haven't tasted one thing I dint like!  I asked to try the Bolognese sauce thinking it would be as easy as putting some in a bowl, however I later found out they prepared a small portion just for me to taste...  It was very good...  My husband ended up ordering the lasagna with meat sauce and I ordered the fettuccine Alfredo with garlic chicken...  Both were incredible!!  Definitely looking forward to trying more dishes on the menu!
5 I had dinner at Streets of New York on Fort Apache Sat. night. Stacy who was friendly and attentive, waited on us. My husband ordered the chicken parmesan and was pleasantly surprised. He was very happy with his choice. I had a salad and wings and was also impressed. The restaurant was clean and located on the corner of a fairly new strip mall. Its roomy, casual and family oriented. We were in no hurry to leave, as the place has a nice atmosphere, so we stayed and had a couple of beers. It was very enjoyable. I thought the service was excellent, the food was great, and the restaurant itself is very nice. I recommend Streets of New York. We had dinner, but Im sure lunch is probably equally good.
5 Great new York style pizza!!! Quality ingredients, fast delivery. We will definitely be eating here again
5 Really delicious!!  We had grown disenchanted with local pizza places but decided to give this place a try after receiving the flyer on our door and reading the other reviews.  The pizza was great!  We got the New York Combo on crispy crust and we ate every morsel.  Really great pizza and we are hooked!
5 This is a loooong overdue yelp. (Sorry streets from a busy momma.)  We first ordered streets when we had a bogo coupon from valpack. What's there to lose? Well we didn't lose but gained an awesome Italian joint in our neighborhood! We catered with them (pizza and wings) for my sons first birthday party and once again streets delivered! Our guests were raving about the food! My mother (born and raised in upstate NY) said "tastes like home"! They even let us rent the bags to keep the pizza warm, and return them after the party was over. How awesome is that!?  Great customer service! Awesome pizza!  Give em a try! You wont be sorry!
4 We love this place, we go there a lot since we live just minutes away,  the servers are very friendly and we love the food and desserts there, there's nothing we haven't liked from there yet.   I didn't give them the full 5 stars because sometimes there's not enough servers working at busy times and we have noticed only one server for all tables.
1 Nooo. Was so excited to recieve our order and it was well below average.  The pizza has no flavor to it and the sandwiches are ok but ehh still. Lastly the beer battered combination was what I was looking forward to and yeah again no flavor and the batter came off very easily. Disappointed..
5 I just wanted to update my review of Streets. We have turned into Friday night regulars. There is no question of where we go on Friday nights now, Streets it is. Stacey, Britney, and the rest of the staff and great. We have had a good bit of the food they have to offer and have absolutely no complaints. The lasagna, spaghetti, and pasta dishes they serve are always good and large portion, which usually yield enough for lunch the next day. The pizza as mentioned in my previous review is great. The passion cookie dessert is still phenomenal when we are not too full from the other great food. I would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for good italian or pizza. We will definitely be going back, every Friday that is.
1 I order 2 pizzas and the beer batter apitizer today. The pizza wasn't that great and the beer batter apitizer was soggy. I can't believe I paid 40$ for this pizza.
2 Overpriced  Icky  Not New York pizza.  Made my tummy hurt.  I don't recommend going there but I gave it two stars because pizza is pizza. You're just better off with dominos or Pizza Hut.
2 Bad. With a capital "B"  Based on the pizza we got, I have a hard time believing the person that cooked it ever set foot in a pizza place anywhere in the NY/NJ area, ever.  We ordered a half meatball, half pepperoni pizza. We expected for the pizza to look at least a little like the pizza on the menu.  What we got would barely pass for Dominos, but for twice the price. Thick, doughy crust, sauce that was more like tomato paste than anything resembling sauce, and way overcooked cheese.  And "meatball" as a topping should be just that-sliced meatballs. Ground beef  spread over the cheese is not meatball.  Just really bad. I was hoping for another of a handful of NY style pizza places here in town. This establishment just doesn't cut it. We'll stick to our regular places.  FYI-we only had the pizza. For all we know the sandwiches or other dishes could be just fine. But for a place to call itself "Streets of NY" would imply a good pizza pie.  Which this wasn't.
1 The rating is for absolutely everything and it's my first long one -- which I hate  Ordered a white pizza with bunch of topings, wings and two cups of baked minestrone soup and one slice of pepperoni pizza.  Please do not bother with the pizza. It was probably the worst I've ever had. I'm from NY, this is not NY pizza. It was too salty, super soggy and too thick.   Wings came cold  Mild sauce was absolutely nothing but vinegar. It was inedible. I think they make it in house so this must have been a bad batch.   Single slice of pepperoni was pretty decent and crispy.   Baked minestrone (with baked mozzarella cheese) was a bland soup with pieces of curdled cheese at the bottom of cup. Was not hot or warm.   WORST customer service. Called to express disappointment with soup (anticipated that cheesy goodness) and the girl on the phone could not possibly have less "I don't give a F" in her tone.  "Said OK thanks now we know. I don't know that cheese goes to the bottom of cup for deliver because", and get this, "no one has EVER ordered soup for delivery and we have no way of knowing". I guess they do not bother to check the food before they send it out and it's impossible for them to lift a lid and make sure the food made matches menu description.   Also please note that when you order "kalamata olives" you will get canned black olives. I don't think they know the difference between the two.   I am across the street from them. We waited well over an hour for a delivery. Probably closer to an hour and a half--I will check the times.   I am so angry that I spent $58 on this awful awful experience. I will definitely not EVER make that mistake again. What a waste of my money. I've also expressed my feelings to their corporate office and do you think anyone so much as sent me an automated "thank you response"? No.
1 I give this place 1 star only because I cannot give none. I was expecting a NY style pizza as they mentioned over the phone. So I went ahead and spent the $30+ on two Large NY Cheese Pizzas and an order of garlic knots.  The pizza cheese was not soft and melted like other pizzas and there was no flavor at all to them. The other thing that I hated was that most of the cheese were bubbled up and burnt. My family can usually finish a whole pizza and more,  but this time each of us only had 1 at most (3 of us only had half). I do not recommend this place. Maybe they had an off night. In this economy, $30 for two pizzas...bad pizzas at that.
1 I haven't even gotten my food yet and I don't even care.  We walked in and we sat ourselves us being the only people in the entire store.. oh and somebody at the bar. Someone got our drinks then we waited.. waited.. and waited for our waitress that the busser told us that would come by. Our menus are closed in front of us so I figured that was the sign for "were ready"..  The waitress is chatting with somebody at the bar which is fine, probably taking their order. The busser asks if he could start something for us, i let him know we were ready to order.. he went back to tell the server.. So the busser or whoever came back after a few minutes and asked if he could relay the message back to the waitress of what we wanted. Ok sure.  So he walks to her and tells our order to her, which I thought was weird because it wasn't busy. We were the only table. I guess since I'm a server I expected something different.. won't be back.
1 By far the worst and most overpriced pizza I've ever experienced.  If you want pizza just like this but want to get away cheap, buy the pizza from Sam's Club. Seriously.  I'm from NY and this is NOT what you find on the "streets of NY."
2 Tried the pizza for the first time today, I was expecting NY style pizza which it was not. Was with some co-workers, one of the girls asked for the soup of the day as mentioned on the menu, they didn't have one, asked for the free passion bread when dinning in, as mentioned on the menu, they didn't have any because the manager wasn't there and the cooks don't listen to the waiters/waitresses we were told. Overall it was ok.
5 Couldn't get to my normal Streets tonight because I was on the other side of the valley so I decided to try this one..... I came in expecting the same delicious food and the same family owned atmosphere... I was not disappointed.... I got the lasagna with cheese bread and an adult beverage. It was perfect. The server, I forgot to get his name, was friendly and helpful. Overall it was a great dinner. Now I know I can get my streets of New York fix on either side of the valley and that is a good think...   Thanks for yet another delicious dinner Streets..
5 Didn't know this place was here till a few days ago. I live by the other one but work by this one. Robin and Stirlling told me that this was here. They told me it will be just as good. I said there is no way. But they were right! I'm so glad I have a place to go for lunch now ! BUT I do like the other sister better (robin). ;)
2 For the love of pizza that My coworkers & I share we decided to try this place  we haven't been to near our office. A nice marketing lady came by and dropped off a few flyers of their menu. On the menu it stated if you dine in you'll get complimentary cheesy bread with your meal. When we got there and mentioned it the waiter told us that his boss wasn't in so he can't honor that. That's confusing. Than I asked him what your soup of the day was and he Unconfidently stated there isn't a soup of the day. Mm.. No bread & no soup of the day. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   The Caesar salad my coworkers ordered was just lettuce & one wedge tomato. There was no croutons, onions or any type of cheese which usually comes with a Caesar salad.   My Italian Wedding soup came out warm. If I don't have to blow on the spoon before I put it in my mouth than it's not hot enough. The pizza was pretty ok, nothing that really made it special. I'd rather go a parking lot over to East West pizza for lunch and get 2 slices of pizza that comes with a drink for $5.
4 From time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  However, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  We have ordered from Dominos, which is really gross.  Streets of New York was introduced to us about a year ago.  We have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  We love the food.    The only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the wait staff seems is always a little on the blah side.  A smile, every once in awhile would be nice.    We will continue to come back, but I would recommend the wait staff perk up a bit, often you look like you (all) hate being there.
1 I plan to visit New York one day, but if this is an example of their food I'll skip it. We ordered a pizza and wings. The pizza tasted like deep fried cardboard with Chef Boy R De De sauce on it. Bland does not come close. Imagine if you took three day old dried bread and put a dusting of ketchup as a topping.   Wings! Oh my sweet goodness, the Wings!! Take a plain wing. Cook it in its own fat, then drench it in vinegar. Serve. Run before anyone tastes it. There you go.   Worth skipping. I'm not a Dominos fan, but I'll take one of their industrial pre-fab pies over this place any day of the week.   Off to go brush this experience off my taste buds with a turpentine/Lysol mixture. Argh!!!
5 Service was unmatched.. All the girls were so attentive and the food was amazing.. !!
3 Was happy to see they added broasted chicken to the menu,
5 Just had the Broasted Chicken 4 piece lunch.  Quick service.  Clean atmosphere.  easy access.  try this place....had great server and gave her a call out as well.
