5 I was lucky enough to have been referred to Renton by an associate of mine. Renton has managed several of my properties in both Henderson and Las Vegas. He has always been very responsive and professional. He manages my properties as if they were his own. I would definitly recommend his services to anyone looking for not only a professional property management company but also if you want to sell or buy your home.
5 My family altogether has 5 properties from condos to houses. I was fortunate to have meet Renton via a mutual friend. He is friendly, professional and responsible, treating each of the properties as if they belonged to his own family.  This has relieved me from the hassles of keeping each property occupied from marketing, to screening applicants, collecting checks and maintenance.   Aside from property management, he has provided me with some great tips and I am currently working with him to find future real estate investments.   I highly recommend Renton for all of your real estate needs.
5 A friend of mine referred me to Renton to manage a property that my wife and I recently bought in the Henderson area.  Customer service was awesome and he is very responsive.  I feel as if he will treat my property as if it was his own with regards to tenants as well as maintenance.
5 I live out in Southern CA, but my family owns a few properties in Henderson, NV. On my visits out there, I had a few opportunities to meet Renton and I was very impressed with the customer service he provides, as well as his professionalism. He's very quick in returning emails and phone calls, which is pretty important to us. Overall, my parents are extremely happy with the level of service they are getting. We would definitely recommend Renton Yu to anyone buying/selling a home or seeking their properties managed.
5 We were looking for a new property manager and I saw Renton's review's on Yelp and contacted him. I agreed for him and his team to manage one of my properties. Renton was able to get my property rented in less than a week! There are many property manager's to pick from but we decided to go with Renton702 Property Management and we are very happy we did. He is easy to get a hold of and we wound up with a great tenant. I highly recommend you reach out to him if you are looking for a property manager that you can trust and reach when you need to.
5 Bought my Henderson house from Renton.  By far the best real estate transaction that I've ever experienced.  Responds quickly, knows his location and how to get me the most for my money.  I will definitely be using his team for my rental property purchases and management.  I would recommend his team to anyone who wants it done right in the Vegas area.
5 Renton was the orchestrator of the most incredible home sale/purchase experience I have ever been apart of or seen.  I was not really in the market for a new home, but knew I need one for my growing family.  After looking at new builds it became apparent that the cost for the size was not worth committing too.  I had no idea what my existing home would sell for.  I provide this challenge to Renton, and he found a serious buyer for my home that was willing to give me my asking price.  He found a new property beyond my wildest dreams.  It was with in my budget, and right behind my in-laws.  Something my wife and I have always dreamed of doing.  The house was a year old and had never been lived in.  It was essentially a brand new home.  It had a everything fully upgraded and was perfect in every way.  Did I mention that this all happened within the same month!  From October 07 - November 06 I sold my home and had a new home without having to vacate or rent storage.  The fastest and easiest transition I have ever seen.  The entire experience could be made into a suspense Hollywood movie!  I highly recommend Rentor for all of your real estate needs.
5 Believe all the positive reviews!   Renton will not let you down.  He definitely has property management skills with a personal touch and will ensure that your properties are rented and well cared for. We wanted to look at other properties and Renton had that covered too.  He is a veteran in the Vegas real estate market and will expertly guide you to multiple possibilities. I highly recommend Renton and his team!
5 My wife and I live in California and are first timers.  We were looking for an out-of-state property and we couldn't have asked for a better experience with Renton Yu!    Besides his knowledge about the multiple properties he showed us, Renton was extremely patient with all our questions and concerns.  He walked us through the process and made us feel at ease every step of the way.
5 While I typically don't have time to write reviews, I'd be remiss if I did not share the absolutely fantastic experience we have had dealing with Renton.  Regardless of the time or day, Renton is very responsive to inquiries and presents himself in a very professional manner.  Often, he provides multiple perspectives and isn't only interested in his commission like many other agents out there.  Recently,  we decided to rent out one of our properties in Las Vegas.  Because we now live out of state, we needed help clearing the house and getting it ready for occupancy. Renton offered to assist us and took care of EVERYTHING, including making arrangements with a furniture consignment company on our behalf.  I recommend Renton both as a real estate agent or a property manager.
5 We were looking for someone to help us list and sell our house so we asked around and several of our close family and friends had recommended Renton.  We couldn't be more pleased with the results.  We have bought and sold several properties in Las Vegas over the past 15 years and our experience with Renton has been the best so far.  He made the whole process quick, easy and best of all, stress free for our family.  He is very professional and knows what he's doing.  We can confidently say that we no longer have to try different agents and he has earned clients for life.  Its hard to find someone you can trust and that's why we felt compelled to share this review.
5 I found Renton through Yelp because he was at the top of the food chain with the reviews.    I live in LA and have an issue with managing a property in LV because of the distance.  We had Renton come in and things have been very smooth ever since.  He helped us get the house prepped and the home was rented quickly.  All the local issues are handled by Renton or his staff and we haven't had any problems we had in the past.  I highly recommend Renton and his staff.  They are extremely professional and handle things the way they should be. Thank you Renton.  Ron O.
5 I sold two properties with Renton and I can't be more pleased!  He was very prompt about replying e-mails and answered my texts really quick.  He made whole process easy and quick for my family.  He knows what he's doing and I had no problems listing homes with him!
5 I needed to sell my house quickly because I had some family related issues. Long story short, I needed to sell my house and move back with family in a short amount of time. I didn't really know of any Realtors, so I did some digging around online and found Renton702. I'm really glad I found him because he handled everything for me and I was able to go back to California. Renton got my house ready for me to sell and listed it quick. He also sold it for me much quicker than expected. Renton and his team are 5 star Realtors. I highly recommend them!
