5 I LOVE this cafe. This neighborhood was so in need of a wonderful place like this! I have been here on numerous occasions; with my 19 month old son, with my family or after a yoga class. and EVERY single time, it has been fantastic.   The menu is excellent, I have only had lunch and have really gravitated toward the Your So Keen sandwich (vegan with homemade quinoa patty). amazing. The fresh pressed juices are so good, you will want to come back every day.  The staff really makes the place. They are so kind and friendly, and really helpful picking out selections or just saying hello. And as an upcoming cafe, they are super receptive to feedback, I asked if they have a highchair, and the staff looked at each other and said, oh, hadn't thought of that. I haven't double checked to see if they got one, but loved the fact they were so receptive.  They also carry vegan cupcakes/cookies baked inhouse. To be honest, I haven't tried these because the cupcakes don't look super appealing, but I'm sure I will. The cookies look really good though!   If you have not been here, you should definitely go. the food is great, staff is amazing and they have lots of vegan options and healthy juice.   thank you for bringing life back to this little corner!!
5 First time in PHX, fresh off a flight.  Yelped s.e.e.d. and grabbed a fresh juice and 2 energy bars.  Really friendly people, ccol place too. I would def hang out here, do yoga and spin, and eat and what not if I lived here...
4 Fresh, tasty food and juices in a great neighborhood.  What's not to like?
4 Happy Hour is 2:30-4:30 $4 smoothies
5 The smoothies here are outta this world! We came here three times while in town! The blue giraffe,date with a celb and three month vacay. were the top favorites.
5 They have some of the best juice in town. $10 for a 24oz is a little pricey for me but I always go back. I've never had the food so 5 stars for the juice!
5 I recently started coming here to pick up lunch and bring back to the office. I love their juices and their tuna salad is amazing.  It's a little pricey, but well worth it. Can't wait to try more things. Highly recommend this place.
5 I had already started eating when my coworkers decided to place a to-go from S.E.E.D. cafe. Menu looked good so I opted in for something light. The Tabbouleh was fantastic! I'm gluten free, so loved that it was quinoa rather than bulgur. Very fresh and tasty.
5 Kicking a bad fast food habit of mine and have finally started to experiment with all this stupid juicing stuff I have heard so much about lately.  Yelp led me to this cafe and wow!  I am impressed.  Fresh, light and DELICIOUSNESS.  I came here for juice but they have so many other healthy options I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
5 If you're familiar with the euphemism "drinking the Kool-Aid", that's exactly what I'm doing. This place is super contemporary, super clean, and super fit. The menu can be a little bit intimidating, so I recommend taking a look online before you head in. I got the Clark Kent smoothie, and my only regret is I got the small instead of the large. Guys, they put apple cider vinegar in it. It gave it this incredibly delicious tart taste And I love that I don't feel like I'm drinking ice cream or some kind of Jamba Juice concoction. This is the real deal for healthy juicing and smoothies. You do pay the price, but I kind of feel like it's worth it. I also got the Kale Them with Kindness salad to go aaand I'm pretty excited to eat it for dinner.   I really enjoyed the atmosphere, and that goes for the people who work there as well. I'm not exactly in the best shape, but I'm trying, and I didn't feel out of place or judged the way some super health places can come across. Bravo.
4 Spot on.  They have found a great balance between having healthy food but good tasting food.  I have the impression that the chef knows his customer.  They have continued to expand and grow their menu in a calculated not rushed way.  I think this allows each dish to shine.    I eat there quite often and my other half (who doesn't work out) enjoys the food and always comments "doesn't taste like health food)  I do wish they would ass their Nut Juice from the juice cleanse onto there menu.    I could see a second location in North Scottsdale doing really well and look forward to my next meal there.
5 I fell in love with the seed cafe as soon as I parked. The parking lot may be small but as far as parking lots go it's pretty gorgeous. I had the bigger yard smoothie which featured spinach, kale, mango and coconut water. The guys were nice enough to omit the pineapple from my smoothie as oftentimes it's much to acidic for my tummy to handle. My smoothie came out an impressive green color and I loved the texture. Everything about it was perfect.
5 Shakes are the bomb.com. Tuna tacos in lettuce leaves were fresh, healthy and delicious. Atmosphere is great too, especially the patio.  A little pricey but totally worth it for quality nutrition that makes your mouth happy.
5 I was lucky enough to have lunch at s.e.e.d after a ridiculously hard hot yoga class next door, and it definitely set me on the right path for my day. My experience there was a total health overload in the best way possible. This place has tons of natural light, a good amount of seating, and so many options for lunch. Salad, sandwiches, juices... take your pick!  As far as the juice goes, the "zinger" is so good. Lemon, romaine, spinach, apple and ginger? Yum! The "naked in public" looked so great too and would be perfect for breakfast. That one's loaded with bananas, blueberries, vanilla protein, and almond milk. If all else fails, you can just make your own and add whatever you'd like.  For lunch, I ordered the Santa Maria sandwich and I would order it 100 times again. It comes with roasted turkey breast, mango jalapeño jam, avocado, brie, and arugula. My co-workers both had salads which they enjoyed very much as well.   I just glanced at the breakfast menu online and it looks just as impressive as lunch. Oh how I wish I had this place down the street from me! I can't say enough great things about s.e.e.d. Do your body a favor and go get your health fix!
5 I secretly wish I were a bird quite often, so naturally, s.e.e.d is right up my tree! Not to mention the fact that it's attached to a lovely lovely yoga & spin studio so that you can think about the awesome smoothie, juice or light bite to get you through that workout (hellllllo hot yoga!)  I ordered one of the green juices which was as good as any green juice I've ever had (yes, you can go wrong with these, especially when they make them more like fruit juice with a tiny bit of greens thrown in. Not the case here). Juices come in fairly-priced large and larger sizes and thanks to me indulging in the latter, had barely any room left to attempt eating my lunch, a special quinoa salad that was delicious. All five bites that I could manage. So delicious, I all but cried when I realized I had left it in my colleague's car!  Do check out S.E.E.D ASAP, even if you do n't plan on taking a yoga or spin class beforehand. Great food that does your body a favor!
5 We come every week after yoga for a delicious Yo Adrian (salad) and Free Spirit (juice with green apple, lemon, ginger, and cayenne). Addicted.
5 Everything you can ask for and more!  Amazing food, vast fresh pressed juice selection, and the most friendly staff in town.  Seed cafe not only delivers high quality healthy food quickly, but they do it while creating a friendly family-like culture.
4 I was hungry after church today and yelped a "healthy" lunch spot, and here I was!   What I tried: -Santa Maria Sandwich: Simple & fresh Turkey sandwich. The mango jam inside gave it a nice kick. It also came with a small quinoa-type dish called Tabbouleh which was really yummy too.  -Zinger Juice: Quite the zing! i love spicy foods, but i wasn't expecting this juice to be so spicy. But sip after sip, I enjoyed it more. Energy boost for sure!  I decided to eat-in and do some leisure reading. While doing so, I noticed that all the customers were regulars. They were all on first-name basis with the workers. And once a yoga class was done, seeing all the post-workout Yogi's trickle in with rejuvenated smiles, I couldn't help but notice the friendly vibe all around. Since the cafe is directly connected to the yoga/spin studio in the Improvement Club, this must be super convenient for a post-workout meal. I'll be back to try one of the classes.. as an excuse to try a new Juice/Smoothie :D
5 This is my kind of food! Healthy yet flavorful and hearty! This little cafe is located within Madison Improvement Club which means that you can grab a meal, snack or juice before or after a class. But don't be confused and think you can only visit if you are taking a class. You can just simply stop in and get a salad or sandwich to-go, or dine in! They also have a wide range of juices, shakes, and veggie drinks.   I work on the go and this is going to become one of my new favorite places to work from. This is because they have a great outdoor patio that's covered with room to work from. The staff is very friendly and helpful and if you order your food to dine in, they will bring it right to your table. Today I worked from the cafe and enjoyed the delicious Santa Maria which was turkey on toasted wheat bread complete with lettuce, tomato, avocado, brie and the most delicious jalapeno jam! It was huge so I could only eat half and took the rest home to enjoy later. I really liked the sandwich and I look forward to coming back and enjoying the salads and other items off the menu. Speaking of salads, they have them pre-packaged and ready to go so you can literally run in and grab one, buy it and go!
5 Amazing cafe inside the Madison improvement club! Only open the hours the work out facility is open but the to go salads are amazing. Highly recommend the kale salad. Great gluten free, vegan, vegetarian and paleo options.
3 I would love to give this shop a better rating as I did enjoy most of what I ordered, however my toast beef sandwich was too soggy and greasy. I thoroughly enjoyed my smoothie and those little bars they sell up front. Delicious!
4 Not knowing the area very well and missing my juice bar back in OC, I decided to give this this place another go. This time I ordered an apple based juice over ice with mint, lime, ginger and spinach. It was as lovely as it could possible be. I was talked into getting a cheeky spaghetti squash dish and was quite pleased with that as well. Also, never forget the homemade bars sold up front; you can never go wrong with these delightful bites.
4 I've been here twice, first time I got a juice and second time I got a smoothie. Both were very good. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks delicious. I like this place but there's just this vibe here- it's kind of like rich people who don't care? I've only been here when it's dead, so maybe they're more lively when it's busy. All I'm saying is, I got more conversation from the TSA agent while she was patting me down. A friendly greeting goes a LONG, long way with me.
5 Really good, fresh food. The indoor and outdoor seating are both really nice. The place has a really good vibe along with good, quick service. Definitely try this place if your looking to eat healthy or just plain tasty. Try the original Acai bowl.
5 This my new spot!  I love going around the city check on which cafe will be my next favorite.  First off fresh juice! I love it.  I usually have to go get juice somewhere first and go somewhere else for food.  But here the juice quality matches the food quality.  I had a chicken chorizo egg burrito.  In a tortilla that had been crisped on the flat top and all ingredients tasted so fresh I savored every bite.  And service was fast and friendly. What every question I had the service personnel had a quick answer and gave it with a smile.  The cafe shares it's place with a spin bike and yoga studio.  There is a lot of history in a very modern renovated building.  They even gave us a tour of the facility.   Everything was clean. The place smelt great! And the atmosphere is chill!  I am going to come back many more times. I am excited I finally made my way over there. You should too.
5 The whole wheat tortillas are soft, delicious, and pleasing. Absolutely the best veggie burrito I've ever had and the salsa was about perfect. It was fun to see an employee snipping herbs from their garden. Don't pass over this spot!
5 Went to S.e.e.d. cafe for the first time today and I was made instantly a fan of the place.  I had their Santa Maria sandwich and Big Yard green smoothie drink.  Both were wonderful and actually the smoothie filled me up enough that I was able to save my sandwich until dinner.  Even hours later it still tasted fantastically amazing.  The place is really easy to find right on the corner with plenty of parking and plenty of seating outside.  On the inside it seems to be a bit cramped but that's okay.  Everything is slightly over priced but I tended to notice that when you're wanting something fresh or healthy for you in general it's more expensive.  The cheaper it gets the more it's filled with chemicals and artificial everything to the point you're not even eating real fruits, veggies, and meats.  So I'm pretty okay with the price.  It's like healthy fast food almost.  I liked the cashier also and the vibe of all the staff. Everyone one was kind and friendly, and there was an atmosphere in the air that felt like everyone knew everyone. Very friendly. It's like Cheers bar on tv, but everything good for you instead of bad.  I'll be going here again and again. Loved it!
5 WOW WOW WOW!!!! I am absolutely addicted to this spot!!! The Turkado Chavokey is my favorite in the morning!! If you haven't been here, GO NOW
5 Best tuna sandwich I have ever had! Super friendly staff. The tabbouleh is out of hand! So good!
