5 I adopted one of my cats from here, and would adopt every cat in the place if it could be guaranteed that they would be as lovely, mischievous, cute, and just plain full of kittenish delight as my Pellinore.   I actually adopted him from one of HALO's partnering PetSmart adoption...zones? But he came all microchipped, neutered and vaccinated from HALO, and it is to them that I must give the credit.   Their adoption fees are higher than the fees at the Arizona Humane Society, but HALO is a no-kill organization.   Definitely check out their website, and definitely adopt some cute cats. Or dogs, maybe. If you like them. Maybe you could also call my boyfriend and let him know that I should be allowed to adopt at least 3 more cats. Thanks in advance.
5 I am writing a biased review...I volunteer for Halo and I obviously support them and think they are great or I wouldn't help them out.  What I wanted to tell everyone about is how great they are with not only animals but people too.  I was on a mission about a year ago to find a volunteer project for my daugther and myself to do together.  She was only 10 at the time.  I could not find anything for someone her age other than 1 day community projects.  Then I followed a natural course and asked myself the following questions.  What we both had interest in?  ...animals.  Which animal did E like best?   ...cats.  I checked around and found Halo.  And, yes, they had a job for children her age.   I liked that they are a no kill/second chance shelter for animals that are out of time at the local pound.  Thus, we became kitty cuddlers at our local Petsmart.  We enjoy taking care of our cats every Friday and it is something we can be proud of.  Excellent orginization!  Side note, turned out I had adopted by 1st dog from them years ago.
5 I adopted one of my two cats from HALO Animal Rescue. He came microchipped, vaccinated and neutered. Granted, I did pay a little more than I would have from the Humane Society, but HALO is a no-kill shelter and they help quite a few troubled animals in our area. Their website is easy to navigate and peppered with adorable animal pictures. I'm definitely in danger of becoming a crazy cat lady as long as HALO is around.
5 I haven't been to HALO's physical location, but we adopted our new dog from them at the PetSmart Charities adoption event at the PetSmart corporate offices. There were so many dogs at the event, and I wish we could have taken them all with us. We met a few HALO volunteers and they were all extraordinary. I can only imagine how well the animals are taken care of at their rescue.   We took home Watson (now named Bagel), a three year old Beagle/Bassett Hound. He was neutered, chipped and vaccinated. Their normal adoption prices are a little higher, but at this event, Bagel was only $25! Since they lost out on so much money from this event, my husband and I plan to attend their volunteer orientation next month. We want to give back to them as much as we can for taking such good care of our new family member while they had him.
5 It has been 6 months since I adopted Chloe, my Maltese Poodle mix, and I cannot believe I ever had a day without her!  I grew up in a strictly cat loving household.  We did rescue an Irish Setter/Labrador who my mom relegated to the backyard growing up and when I lived in Boston, I was an honorary Beagle walker but given the tiny people dwellings of our fair city it seemed cruel to adopt a dog.  After being in a moderate climate where it seems the only people who use the sidewalk are dog walkers, I had incredible dog lust. My biological clock remained in the IKEA packaging, but my god, I once said out loud "Look at the dog's stride" wistfully looking at Greyhound saunter by.   After rescuing a Pekinese/Poodle mix one night by the 101, the true dog lust had begun.  Filled out the long survey Halo has, we received an email: Duchess a Toy Poodle and Chloe, a MaltiPoo had become available and I roped in a dog expert to come with me.  The space is huge and the parking ample, the receptionist was cordial and had a file ready for me to fill out.  Luckily, the cats are in another area since I am a die hard cat lover (I adopted my cat Tinker from Angell Memorial in JP, MA back in 1998- still tickin!).  Chloe had just been dropped off from the groomers and had adorable pink bows in her ear. A smaller dog than I had wanted, even though she was an owner- surrender and seemed in shock, she still had vibrancy and was curious. But she seemed too perfect, so spent a long afternoon playing with all the other dogs available and asking tons of questions about the pupples and dogs we had been with.  I had started to fall in love with an Austrailian Shephard puppy but later on I realized that John, the employee that worked with me that afternoon had been persuading me otherwise when I told him of our insane work and school schedules.    We left after 4 hours of playing and being with all the dogs and puppies I could handle.  The next morning I woke up in a cold sweat, panicked that I wanted Chloe and called them up and paid the $250 to adopt her right away (a bargain for a well trained 2 year old purebred MaltiPoo) that included sterilizing, shots, grooming, microchip, etc.  When we picked her up, she was still in shock and in some pain but they discharged her with food and plenty of paperwork in organized order.  After regular walking, playing and snuggling, Chloe is a big part of my everyday life and I feel incredibly grateful that Halo took her in and then reached out to us to have us adopt her, and esp. to John that helped me realize Chloe would be happiest with our lifestyle.  I recommend this organization to anyone that is looking to adopt a dog or cat and want to see volunteers and employees that believe in their mission of providing a great home for their animals.
5 We support HALO! We have the 2 best cats, Marie and Penlope. Adopted through here...    Thank you HALO, keep up the good work!
5 I went to a Halo event and drove forever to get there (I'm in SE Valley, they're in NW Valley).  Best decision I ever made.  I took 2 of my kids with me and the Halo folks advised us on which of the cats would make the best fit with our family of 4 kids and 2 dogs.  Home came Sedona.  He gets along with everyone and even rubs and does figure-8's between the dog's legs.  Sedona came with basic shots and micro-chip.  I love AZ Humane Society's Campus for Compassion, too (where we got our dog, best dawg ever!), but they weren't able to give us any feedback about any individuals animals so we felt like we were shooting blind, so to speak (but we lucked out with Emily the dawg).  Thanks, Halo, for giving us great advice and leading us straight to our sweet Sedona!
5 I just adopted a 1 year old Shepard mix from here 3 days ago and she is such a sweet dog. The shelter volunteers are super nice and they're as helpful as they can be.   I wasn't sure if she was potty trained so we taped painter plastic and masking paper to the floor in case of accidents. I took her out on 5 different walks, but she wouldn't pee. She held it for at least 20 hours or so, and ended up peeing inside. However, since we were prepared, it didn't take long to clean up and just replace the area she urinated in.   As a result, I decided to take her on a walk for my friend and her dogs. Whenever her dogs would pee/poo we would praise and pet them. And so my dog decided to do the same and she got a treat. So now she pees and poos outside. Granted I have only had her for a few days, but it seems like she is officially potty trained in 1 day haha.   Of course I can't take all the credit...her previous owners or the shelter must have trained her too. This is the great thing about adopting dogs is because you can get an older one that is already pre-trained. She is calm and doesn't bite things that are not hers and never goes on the bed or couch.
5 I love this place and what they do. We adopted our Graycie from them and if we ever get other animals we'll definitely choose HALO!
5 We got our precious pup, Mumford (formerly named Hubble) here over a year ago. They do a wonderful job of keeping their website up to date so it's easy to find a new furry friend to call your own! Our doggie came microchipped, with all his shots, with a bag of food, and they even sent him home with one of his favorite toys at the shelter. They  have awesome deals so that the doggies or kitties that need homes can be adopted quickly. I couldn't recommend them higher, and I love the work they do.
5 What a great experience!   We have been searching for a dog for my mother for 2 months and had not found the one she connected with until we visited Halo Animal Rescue.  Part of the problem with finding a dog was the prices that are attached to the rescues.  We couldn't afford a couple of the dogs that we were interested in but found the perfect dog in Mokey (renamed by my mother to Pickles)  priced at $105.  (prices vary greatly at this location) In fact, at Halo Animal Rescue we had several dogs that my mother felt a connection to so it was hard at first but, ultimately, the dog selected had the best connection to my mom's exsisting dog.  They seemed to like each other right away.    The location itself is small and all the space was used to capacity.  We were greeted by a very nice gal who had us fill out our paperwork and then another equally kind gal took us to the dog we were interested in.  She allowed us to spend time with the dog outside and to see all the dogs and spend time with any dog we felt connected to.  The girl that helped us told us as much as she knew about each dog, both pros and cons.  We liked that.  Another girl overheard us commenting on a dog and commented on that dog as well and we thought that was helpful.    This location has the dogs and cats in cages unlike the set-up at the Humane Society and the Maricopa location where the dogs have runs and it was a bit hard thinking of the time the dogs are spending in cages but it is balanced by the fact that the people that work there were very kind and loving toward the animals and seemed like they really cared about the well-being of the animals.  This location is also a no-kill location so all of these animals have a home here until they are adopted.  They also bring in dogs and cats that were scheduled to be euthinized to give them a second chance at an adoption.    I would recommend Halo Animal Rescue for anyone looking for a dog or a cat.  It's a wonderful place doing great work for the cats and dogs that can't do it for themselves.  Thanks Halo!
5 Love Halo and all that they do.  We adopted our cat from them.  If you are looking for a new pet please consider visiting them and of course check out their animals at PetSmart stores.
5 We adopted little Ralphie from HALO. One of the volunteers had got him out of the kennel and left us take him out into the gated/fenced area. My husband and I left to get some lunch and discuss the possibility of taking little Ralph home. We returned after lunch and started the process. They set us up in a meet and greet room for one on one time with Ralph, who was just as poilte as any dog could be. They provided a colar and a bag of dog food and the adoption fees include the neuter, vaccinations and micro-chipping. Good organization.
3 Soooooo many cats!! Small selection of dogs.   The facility is clean and tidy. The volunteers and staff are all very nice!   They have a section for adoptions and they have an area for animals that are found. Adoption fees are reasonable and vary on the specific animal. My experience was good! Ill be back if I'm looking to adopt a new pet!
3 Great that all the cats are chip and updated on shots. But I got a cat who just did not like me. Went to take him back not expecting to get my $75 back they said to take him back it will cost me $45. I know they need money but that crazy. I surrendered him at Arizona Humane society. Which in turn  gave him right back to Halo. No cost to me
5 Had a positive experience here adopting a dog. I checked out the website ahead of time and I brought my current dog with me when I went to see how she would get along with the potential picks. They let me walk through and pick a few dogs to bring outside and interact with. I chose a dog that seemed impartial to my own and asked what the policy was if it did not work out. They reassured me that if they did not take to each other I could switch her out for another dog. She settled in really well was already potty trained and all around more well mannered then my other dog!
5 This review comes from a cat foster "parent" and one-time volunteer, not an adopter.  I've worked with several animal shelters in my day, and each one of them is inspiring.  Halo is no different.  They are a no-kill shelter which is important to most animal lovers, but that does mean they don't accept incoming animals, but on their terms.  They have a lot of cats (most shelters have more cats than dogs), plenty of chihuahuas, and enough other kinds of dogs to keep any pet parent-to be busy finding their new little guy to take home!    During busy hours, volunteers and staff members are plentiful, helping people who are looking to adopt and taking care of the animals.  There's a lot to do, and they keep busy!    When a kitten is too little for shelter life or needs more continuous care, or if a dog is having a rough time in a shelter environment, fosters are called upon to take them home to help them grow, get/stay healthy, and learn to trust humans.  Kitten addicts: this is a great way to keep tiny baby cats in your house without ending up a feline-hoarder!  It's a very rewarding experience, but beware: it's impossible not to get attached to the little guys, which makes it really hard to part with them later.  But it's for their own good ;)  If you're looking to add a cat or dog to your family, please stop by a rescue shelter like Halo!  You get a pet that's spayed/neutered, updated on shots, and needs someone to love them.  By rescuing an animal from a shelter, you enable that shelter to open its doors to another animal in need, getting strays off the streets and out of kill-shelters.
5 We just adopted our second dog from Halo and she is so precious! The staff were friendly, inviting, and very helpful, and the new facility makes it even easier to see all the beautiful animals available for adoption.   The little girl we chose was very shy and nervous at first, but after sitting on our laps for several minutes and meeting our other pup (also adopted from Halo a year and a half ago) she quickly warmed up to us. She still needs to learn to walk on a leash, but she already seems comfortable asking to go outside for bathroom breaks and definitely wants to cuddle with as many people as possible. It's like she's been a part of our family from the beginning! We love Halo and will continue to adopt from them.
5 I love Halo :) I found my Gabriel here. They have an angel program that is really cool :) they have a really special thrift store, as well :)
2 I have mixed feelings about Halo... On one hand, I got my puppy here and he is a good dog, but on the other, our actual experience was not very good. We went one day to look at dogs with the thought that we might adopt. They have a lot of dogs here and the conditions aren't wonderful. A lot of the dogs are in indoor/outdoor cages that were very dirty when we went. The dogs kept indoors were 3-4 per cage. We filled out the paperwork to meet some of the dogs we had seen and handed them to the man at the counter. Then we preceded to wait....and wait....and wait. Not wanting to be impatient, I finally went up to ask how much longer it would be. Oh, they lost my paperwork. Great. We refilled out the paperwork and finally got taken back to see the dogs. The people who work/volunteer here weren't very knowledgeable, but helped as much as they could. We found a dog that would be a good match and his adoption fee was 185$... a lot more than the Humane Society. I understand, but it seemed a little steep. We took our pup home and fed him the food they sent home with us. He wouldn't eat. He wouldn't eat for a week. We thought maybe it was an adjustment period. That is until we fed him a different food and he ate it all. How long had he been at the shelter refusing to eat? I know he had been there at least a week. That just made me sad. Additionally, unlike the Humane Society, Halo does not include a vet visit with adoption, so that is unfortunate, as many animals do have initial medical needs. I don't know that I would adopt here again, but I did get a good pup and am thankful for finding him.   PS The dog was listed as black and white and indeed looked that way....that is until we washed him and he turned out to be brown and white.... would've been nice if they rinsed these poor dogs off. Just a thought.
