5 I took TKD when I was a teenager in Chicago and it was a huge confidence booster, and got me healthy, social, and respectful.  Plus I got to learn COOL kicks, like in the movies. For the last couple years I got back into TKD and the Nguyen brothers were more than I could ever ask for in a TKD instructor. Training with the Nguyen Brothers was like training with two Bruce Lees.  They are at the top of their game,  I mean EXTREMELY talented,  have a fun and challenging regiment, and help each and every student to improve all aspects of martial arts and in life.  I was fortunate to train with them, and am so happy that they have a school of their own now.   I highly recommend NB Tae Kwon Do for any age.  Thank you sirs for everything!
5 Our child has had the privilege of being instructed by these amazing athletes.  He has experienced such growth in so many aspects; not only physical strength and endurance, also with confidence and  respectfulness.  NB Taekwondo is highly recommended. It is a very positive place with so much good energy.
5 NB Taekwondo is hands down, the best Olympic Style Taekwondo school in the valley.  The dojang was founded and is operated by Masters Tony & Jonny Nguyen, two world class athletes with a history of  International and Olympic competition, and a lifetime of martial arts involvement.    The school has a family/community feel and a respectful, yet competitive environment.   Classes are organized and active, students don't have much down time or standing around waiting.  Both Tony and Jonny posses excellent skills in working with the kids as well as adult students, and are great role models.  The school is family run and you will often find Mrs. Nguyen, Tony & Jonny's mother, greeting students and working behind the front desk.  She is always a great point of information if you have any questions about the school, schedule, upcoming events, etc.  We moved to Arizona several years ago from Southern California where our oldest son was involved in a similar World Taekwondo Federation School that we were very happy with.  After arriving in Arizona we tried many schools before we found the school Tony and Jonny were training at.  After our younger sons were old enough to begin, we followed the two brothers to their new home, NB Taekwondo.  I would recommend this school to anyone looking for a top-notch, well balanced, competitive martial arts program.
