2 Drove by this place several times whenever i'm taking Fort Apache home which is every once in a while. Decided to go in as my liquor reserves were running low and just out of curiosity.  The store is roomy with nice wide isles between wine shelves. All beers are located in the fridge along with sodas and some small selection of mixers.   The eye catcher is the huge from floor to ceiling line of shelves full of various hard liquors. Some shelves were empty pending the next shipment to come in while others were full of young people club/party/frat drinks (gray goose, sky, garbage).   Did i buy anything? No i didn't. I came here with to satisfy my curiosity and to restock my mini-bar. Selection wise this place is two steps ahead of your average run of the mill liquor store / mini mart / bodega but is one step behind Lee's Discount Liquors located throughout the valley and a few miles behind Total Wine.  When asked by the staff if they could help me with anything i politely declined and made my way to the door. The gentlemen asked again and i was politely honest with him in my statement that their pricing was a bit more then i was expecting when compared to Total Wine. He asked if they were a dollar or two more and i gave him the honest truth, it was more like 4-5 dollars more.  If i was getting one bottle and i was taking Fort Apache home then i'd probably suck it up and just buy it here, then again all i gotta do is take sunset to Durango and there's a Lee's behind the Vons plaza.   So even as this place is in my direct line of travel from point A to point B i'd still prefer to make the effort to go to Lee's as i can claim points on my purchase, or Total Wine where i can browse the numerous section of exotic beers and fancy mixers, as well as get a sample of something if i come at the right time.    Yelp 100 - 002 of 100
5 Disregard the guy who posted before me...the fixed their prices and they were FULLY STOCKED! Prices are lower or the same as Lees and Total Wine, shelves are wide and clear, and even the big bottled beers are refrigerated! I will be going back in lieu of the normal liquor stores for sure!
5 This place is great. I live just around the corner so it's super convenient to pop over when I run dry. The staff is always nice and they are more than happy to try and stock anything you want. So far I've made 2 tequila requests that they didn't carry but now stock do to my input. Yes, you can thank me for the Aha Toro & Scorpion Tequilas.   I don't know how you can compare the prices of Total Wine to Top Shelf. It's a huge warehouse store versus a corner liquor store. While it is a decent size store I'm sure they don't have the buying power of a Total Wine or BevMo style store. So is that buck or two going to kill you? I will say, of the wines and beer I drink that are also carried at Walmart, Top Shelf is $1-$2 cheaper or right on point with their price.   I will keep going here so long as they keep putting the customer's needs first. Top Shelf is Top Notch.
5 Friendly staff. Well stocked. Reasonable prices. Forget Lee's give these guys a try!
4 This is a neighborhood liquor store, but it is not stocked like your usual neighborhood liquor stop.  When you walk in the massive liquor is impressive and daunting.  It makes it a bit hard to see what youre looking for since youre distracted by the whole shelf while scanning but everything is done by liquor type and all are priced labeled clearly. They have a small rack of wines but well edited and a solid craft beer selection.  Price wise, some things are maybe a few bucks more than a chain, but shockingly some items are priced at or below (like a certain craft beer the BF found was $3under TW&M price) if you know your liquor pricing like I do.   If you live in the area, go support your local shop! There isn't a respectable selection like this anywhere nearby. If I'm in the area visiting friends, I will be adding this into my rotation of stores I habitually visit for spirit and craft beer hunting. It's not a go-to, but I might just be surprised and find a item to make the pit stop worth it.
4 They've got a lot of liquor here! I was surprised when I walked in too see so many bottles covering every inch of the wall! It's a little overwhelming at first but it's organized very well. They had the kraken rum I was looking for in the small size i got for my dad and a nice Bombay gin gift set that was perfect for my friends bday gift. As I was checking out my sister noticed a certain brand of sparkling sake I really like for 10$. At other places I see it as much as 30$! I was so excited and made another transaction because I had to get it! I didn't really look at the wine but at a glance the selection looked pretty decent. It's a little further away from my house than lee's but I would go back just for that sake!
5 Great little liquor store.  20 foot walls filled with hundreds of different types of liquor. Pretty comprehensive selection of beer, wine and mixers.
5 CRAFT BEER SEEKERS... LISTEN UP!  This place has the best selection possible while considering they're packed into a small store. Whoever does the ordering has got skilz! There's only one other place in town that compares. Koury's fine wine & spirits, on Eastern Ave. They used to be my favorite but Since I discovered Top Shelf and have had ample opportunity to compare, Top Shelf wins!. They keep a larger selection well stocked and the staff takes no time to get to know you by name. If you have a special request, they'll get it if they can.   I don't drink liquor so all I can say is they have some. I'm a hophead through and through. I like wine but I don't have a sophisticated palate for it. Any decent merlot works for me and this place probably selects their wines just as well as they do their craft beer.
3 This place really reminded me of an old school, back East liquor store! Now, before you get too excited, that's not necessarily a good thing. I have definitely been spoiled by the large, serve-yourself liquor stores (ie Lee's Liquors, Total Wine and More) rather than ones like Top Shelf where the counter person has to get your booze for you.   This place is packed, floor to ceiling, with liquors, beers, and everything else you can imagine. While visually impressive (the counter person has to climb a ladder to retrieve some of the higher items), this is not very useful when you aren't 100% sure what you want and just want to browse, compare, read labels, and then make a decision.  I'm not a big beer/craft beer person; perhaps if I were, I'd be a bit more impressed.   Prices seemed a bit more expensive than Lee's or Total Wine (where I'd usually shop for alcohol), but service was friendly and fun. It is on my way home, so if I really needed to get something to take the edge off, I would pay it a visit.
5 Great Craft Beer variety! This place is awesome and at a convenient location for me! Its open until Midnight and has an incredible Micro Brew selection at honest competitive prices! I will continue shopping here, Good call!
3 Definitely old school style of liquor store. Wall to wall with bottles and choices.   Now what can I add you don't know?!  Well, for one they are NOT the Best craft beer seller like they claim. They ARE better than Lee's, but nor as comprehensive as Total Wine. Their prices are a tad bit high in that department as well.   But they DO have some liquor selections not found at their competitors. They have some nice Bourbons and whiskies that none of their competition have. I could name drop, but do the research and see for yourself. You may be surprised at how many they have.  I do want to say that due to limited space they have a precarious balancing act on their hands. The gal who slid the ladder across and hugged my selections to her bosom did so against safety advice. She was wearing flip flops! I think I would have gone for the bottles if she slipped and fell!! This may prove the undoing of many an expensive bottle.  Overall, they are worth seeking out if you live close by or are seeking unique limited bottles of American Bourbons, otherwise you are better served going to Total Wine for a larger selection and room to maneuver.
