5 Wow!!
5 When I saw the original Cavalia nearly four years ago, it was like nothing I had ever experienced.  Odysseo raised the bar to an entirely new level.  Odysseo is staged in an enormous tent (the largest of its kind!) which includes amphitheater type seating, a stage/arena area that is larger than a hockey rink and a video display larger than three IMAX screens.  Impressive.  Well, impressive until you see the horses.  From the moment the music started and the lights came up, my breath was taken away.  Horses and performers interacting.  Running, jumping and playing.  Many of the acts featured horses without any sort of restraint, demonstrating the remarkable love and trust between horse and trainer.  At one time, there were 30 horses on the 'stage' area at once.  All moving in synchronized groups of three or four, guided only by their focus on the trainer's cues - words and gentle touches.  Spectacular.  As if all of that weren't enough, Odysseo dazzled with live musicians and vocalists, dancers, acrobats and trick riders.  So many talented people all under one big top!  If you are on the fence about seeing either Cavalia or Odysseo (let's be honest, the tickets aren't inexpensive) GO!  You will love every minute, just like I did.  ** Just in case you were wondering, not one of the equine performers 'fertilized' the stage area.  Now that is training.  :)
5 Went to Cavalia Odysseo this past saturday as I had heard it was and amazing show and without a doubt it is AMAZING. The horses are beautiful and they perform with such ease you can tell they enjoy what they are doing. The visual effect are impressive and the music is live and it is wonderful as are all the performers in the show, from the men and women riding the horses, to the acrobats in stilts, aerialist, and the West African group. The stage is so impressive with the huge video screen backdrop, the carrousel coming down from the ceiling, and the floor filled with water for the spectacular finale.  If Cavalia comes to your area, don't miss it!
1 I would like to preface this rating by saying how excited I was to go see this show. I had planned to go with one other person in the regular section (my first time), and depending on what I saw going on at the VIP tent, I wanted to buy my whole family the Rendez-Vous VIP experience because we have been Cirque du Soleil fans for over a decade and we've seen almost all of the shows already. Cavalia seemed to be the "bigger, better" next generation of this type of experience.  That said, this rating is for the Cavalia's Odysseo customer service team and website. After selecting weekday tickets for this show, I was billed for weekend tickets (which are more expensive) and received the wrong e-tickets. Not only was I overcharged, I received tickets for the wrong day! I know FOR A FACT that I selected a Thursday show (which is what it said on the first page) and when I got to the payment option and clicked to accept the charge, there was NO INDICATION that the date was any different. Figuring this was an easy fix, I called the 866-999-8111 phone number provided for questions regarding transactions.  When I called the customer service team, no one was willing to listen to my experience. As if they were reading from a script, both times I called the representatives stated, "Sorry our policy does not allow refunds or cancellations." After growing increasingly frustrated, I called my bank. They gave me all numbers and info necessary for Cavalia to cancel the order (though Cavalia should have had easy access to the same info) so that I could simply go back and make a 2nd purchase with the correct dates to be charged at the correct amount. The bank also informed me that the vendor (Cavalia) could easily make this cancellation or exchange at no charge. They said "It sounds like they are giving you the run around," which hit the nail on the head.  Upon calling Cavalia yet again and asking to speak to a supervisor, I was quickly dismissed by the rude representative that put me on hold for 20 minutes without warning. The supervisor, who also put me on hold, told me he could change the days and seats for me (which is a downgrade that would normally cost $20 less than the tickets I was sold), but rather than giving me a $20 credit toward the exchange, he told me that I would be charged an additional $12.50 per ticket (total of $25). Essentially, he was asking me if I wanted to shell out even more money for crappier seats on a weekday versus better seats on a Saturday. I don't know how many people they are able to fool into paying more money for less by doing this, but I repeatedly explained how absurd an offer that was. Eventually, the supervisor said he could waive the $25 service fee (though he initially told me that could not be waived) and switch the day and seats for me, but he could not refund me the difference even though I was overcharged. After he had gone back and forth on his word so many times, I have no doubt that this was another lie. Yes, I'm annoyed that I was overcharged, but I am even more outraged by the disrespect these individuals treated me with over the course of this experience. I realize that the very talented performers in the show and creative people developing the ideas for these shows have nothing to do with the inconsiderate team that Cavalia is paying to answer the 800 number, but it is a shame that Normand Latourelle would allow such an awful customer service team to plague the name of the beautiful creation that is Cavalia.
