3 Having been previously an Irish bar & then Scots one the obvious next step was for this site to go Hawaiian. Decor-wise that's been achieved to good effect. Atmosphere and customer-wise, however, it seems to yet be early days as there was hardly anyone in when I stopped in for a pint on the way home last Saturday night. It was a bleak night and town never seems to be that busy these days anyway so those could both have been factors but what also contributes to failures here I think is the location. It would though be nice to see this incarnation of the space thrive as it's definitely something different in the city which is never a bad thing so I'll make a return visit and see if the food and cocktails are up to much (certainly no complaints about the quality of ale or bar service).
4 Given the only other option for Tiki-styled venues in the Burgh is A) a nightclub, B) an overpriced nightclub, and C) an overpriced nightclub that doesn't so food, I have to say 52 Canoes is a breath of fresh air on the West End scene.  Apparently quite quiet during the week, we ventured here on a busy Friday evening, where we found a mostly after-work crowd and a good vibe. The staff are very friendly, chatty and accommodating, initially trying to find us some space (admittedly it can be a bit of a squeeze if you get here late and have to stand) and looking after us with table service once we poached a booth.  The food is actually very tremendous, from what we had off the menu anyway. The Whole Baked Camembert and the Haggis Spring Rolls can certainly be vouched for and they have a nice menu of gourmet burgers that would give the likes of Holyrood 9A and Lebowski's a run for their money, to look at are pretty stunning.  As a Tiki Den, 52 Canoes of course has a wide cocktail menu, mostly served in novelty vessels in the shapes of Tiki heads and totems; punch bowls are also available. I tried a Lychee-infused badboy of which I forget the name. It was okay but probably not worth the £7 asking price. The bartenders know their staff and are also very chatty but something about the cocktails just didn't have me wanting to explore the menu further. They did however, have a vast selection of rums that might be worth investigating.  On the whole, a laid back spot with some great food options, great music and a great craic.
3 I'd walked by this place ages ago, and this weekend finally got a chance to go with Miss Catriona C  who, having spent quite a bit of time in San Francisco, shared my love for a good Tiki bar.    It actually wasn't until The Man asked me what a Tiki bar was, I realised that it's more of a US/CA/SF standard than a UK one.  52 Canoes makes a strong try at being a Tiki bar.  It's colourful, with leis hanging from the ceiling and a list of fruity rum-based cocktails that should be served with umbrellas.   It's not quite as kitchy as the SF Tiki bars I'm used to, but equally the floor wasn't sticky and the toilets weren't freaky dodgy, so there were certainly highs and lows.    It has a pretty good looking menu and we opted to share some spicy bean nachos that just kept going and were pretty tasty.    We couldn't come to a Tiki bar and not drink ridiculous cocktails, we both started with a blended fresh pineapple and rum based drink.  Catriona's was too minty to her taste and I actually thought it was a bit too heavy on the pineapple, making the drink very thick and a bit sickly at the end.  Our second drink was so good we didn't deviate from it for the third round.  Chili vodka with chocolate liqueur, chocolate syrup, something vanilla, and topped with nutmeg.  Dizzam that was a good drink, and seriously spicy!  The staff, while nice, were unfortunately very inattentive for the first half of our visit.  We waited for ages for someone to take our first drink order, and ages again for anyone to notice that our glasses were empty.  The bar was pretty empty at this time so staff were mostly just chatting amongst themselves as we were waiting.    So, I would definitely go again for more ridiculous tasty cocktail drinking, to try more of the good food, but maybe Saturday late afternoon is just too quiet for the staff to be very attentive?
3 I went here after work last friday frankly because everyone else was going there and (in the interests of honesty) I was already half cut.   It's underground in a hole or something, under some buildings, but not a dirty...damp hole.... a cosy tiki den themed hole (hobbit quote).  They have cocktails - these SEEMED expensive - however I'm not a massive one for cock(tails) so maybe these were reasonable.  I liked their selection of rum, I liked their friendly staff and pleasantly sarcastic bar staff. They had a couple decent beers on draft (hobgoblin) but that made me sleepy so I switched to staropramen which is a fairly bland beer hard to do badly. It was ok.  The food looked decent and I shall have to return to try it again.  I can't remember what the music was like and I left the bill for GEoff to pick up. I felt a bit bad about this. I will comment on how expensive the beer was but I imagine that once geoff tells me I can update this review.  I genuinely think this is the worst review I've ever written. I am also in the picture for the business. I don't like the name of the bar. I'd have called it "Captain Pete's Imaginatorium"  or "Dread Pirate Roberts Cave of Iniquity" if they wanted to keep the "hawaiian theme"
4 Off the beaten track somewhat removed from the normal drinking spots (and shown in the wrong location on google maps!) this little bar is a great find. Without a doubt this is a rum bar and as I like rum this suits me, however there is a range of drinks available for those that would prefer a pint too. This range includes Addlestones cider so I have no complaints!  The "pitchers" of cocktail are served in a rather unusual chill box, essentially everyone grabs a straw rather than pouring into individual glasses, good for the novelty value if nothing else.  What else can I say, this place oozes fun and has rum, so without doubt I am a fan!
4 Been wanting to get here for a while and it didnt disappoint. Cool decor, great atmosphere, live music and excellent cocktails equals a very fun evening.Not been to tiki bar since I was in the US a few years back and they have certainly captured the essence of the idea.   I will certainly be heading back.
2 I have given this bar three chances and while the idea behind it is fantastic, the bar men let it down every time. I know it takes awhile to make a cocktail but when the bar is quiet, the "showboating" that they do can leave customers looking for a simple spirit and mixer waiting 20 minutes. So frustrating. I finally got to ask for a vodka and coke - as the bar man was about to pour, I politely asked if he had Smirnoff instead. I got a sharp no and he continued pouring. There was no "would you like something else"?  They also served us a round (£30+) just as the bell rang including pricey cocktails but a minute later, the bar man was extremely rude in telling us to get out. We were literally escorted out - no niceties at all which was bad considering that we were all very well behaved and had spent a lot of money there that night. They should either not sell drinks as the bell rings if they know there is no way to drink them in time.  I won't be going again and have told my friends and their friends not to bother.
5 Went here for a few cocktails last Saturday night and the sofas are comfy, the cocktails damn tasty and the nachos were lovely. The jug of water for the table had an orange wedge and hibiscus flowers in it, yet this seemed more like a touch of attention to detail rather than pretension. When a place is that classy and yet seems totally laid back, it's a place to go back to!
5 For New Years Eve, we took ourselves to a nice late lunch and ended up cocktail hopping our way home.  Not too shabby.  52 Canoes was our final destination and the highlight of our evening.  We arrived at around 5, and the place was pleasantly busy - tables were filled and the vibe was good, but it was still easy to get a seat at the bar and the staff were hyped for the evening so were attentive and friendly.    My favourite chocolate chili cocktail was no longer on the menu but one of the bar staff remembered it and kindly made it up for me.  It was absolutely as good as I remembered, and The Man agreed.  His first drink was coffee-based and delicious as well.    Having only planned to stay for one, we were seduced by the friendly surroundings, great music and fantastic cocktails and talked ourselves into another round.   Round two consisted of a Pina Colada and something involving ginger beer and passion fruit - the passion fruit was at my request and they were happy to give it a try.    Overall it was such a laid back and tasty experience.  This is not a pretentious joint that's going to go out of style, it's a friendly place that mixes up excellent drinks.  We agreed that we would happily come here first next time.
5 My other half's local, this place has great character, the most enthusiastic and helpful staff I've encountered in Edinburgh and an excellent bar. Cheap to boot for unfussy drinks like rums and coke, and the cocktails, while reasonably pricey, are pretty tasty. Big fan.
3 Get off my lawn, you whippersnappers! 52 Canoes had us all feeling a little bit like cranky old men with its loud music (I think some kind of reggae karaoke was going on). The morning after, my throat is a bit sore from shouting our conversation.   The drinks were exactly what you'd expect to find in a tiki den - fruity and rummy and served in large novelty drinking vessels. Pleasantly, not all of them were sickly sweet. The waitress was friendly and attentive, and did well at keeping the pitcher of water on our table full.
4 Oh boy. This is what I've been waiting for.  Wayyyyy back when I was still oh so weeny and new in Edinburgh, I was hunting around for cool places on Yelp and the name of this spot showed up. "Heh," I thought. "That sounds awesome."  I cannot tell you how many specific invitations to parties or outings at this very bar have come up since then (ok I can - three) and each and every time something has occurred at the last minute to prevent my going. I was starting to think I could be under a Maori curse.  Until April's Cocktail Quest. Friends - we have lift-off.  It's batty. It's themetastic. It's cosy and dark. It has corners and booths and flowers and weird decoupage tables. (Also, it has crazyloud music, which is the only reason it loses a star for me, in addition to which, it was reggae, which is the only - I mean ONLY - form of music I do not like under any circumstance. I mean a reggae "Reggaeohead" remix of Karma Police is only funny for so long.) It has a damn bonny cocktail menu.  As is my wont as a waterbuffalo, I ordered a mocktail, giving free rein to do whatever they wanted. And, oh boy. Oh boy. What arrived was a delicious, cold, mousse-like strawberry ice cream kind of thing containing so much smooshed fruit you would not believe. It was practically a dessert, and as you know from my reviews, dessert is the reason I live. And for this cradle of bliss, what did I pay? £4, sir. Four of your tiddlysquit, if-it-says-Sterling-it's-real-even-in-London, bouncy rolling British pound coins.  My second mocktail was a non-alcoholic take on the mojito, and as such had a more refreshing, mature, sophisticated flavour. PFFT. (It was actually completely great, but I am simply a sucker for the jungle gym playtime of a totally silly dessert-like madness of the first kind. But it was perfect nonetheless, so no marks lost. I did know what they were bringing me, after all - the waitress suggested it.)  Talking of the waitress, she was marvellously attentive and patient, without ever becoming overly fussy over us. She was wearing a pretty cool jumper, too, as I recall.  Praise be to Tiki, for I have found an excellent den in which to sup my exciting mocktailish creations. I might take ear plugs next time. But kudos for the live DJ.
4 52 Canoes Tiki Den is flaming hot! And I mean that literally, my first cocktail (Mai Tai) was on fire!  Arriving for our April Cocktail Quest I was charmed to discover that we had two separate areas reserved for us, so we could choose which we preferred. We went for the wee hidden away snug rather than the spacious booth, and I was quite glad we did when the reggae was cranked up and all available floor space was filled with people having a boogie.  I ordered 3 varieties of cocktails, the last one twice as it was so delicious! A Gold something? Anyway, I could have drunk it all day. Not too sweet, not too sour, and it tasted alcoholic enough that I didn't feel like I was paying £7.50 for juice, it's my kind of drink.  52 Canoes is, I think, owned by the same people as The Espy down in Portobello and has a very similar food menu, barring a slight change in names (eg. The McEspy burger (haggis) becomes the McCanoes burger!). As a fan of the burgers by the beach I'm quite sure I'd like the ones by the infinitely more tropical but decidedly more inland venue. Next time I'm here (because there will be a next time), I'll be soaking up the booze with one!  Okay, it's kitsch, but it's a lot of fun! Thursdays are Reggae nights, so if like Cressi F you're not keen then avoid on this night, but you'll be sure to have a good time regardless.
3 Quirky and yep, totally like a Tiki Den, I quite liked it.   I stayed for one cocktail as I had a busy week and a hangover wouldn't have worked well in that mix but I did have a good margarita here so points for that.  Staff were great - especially with our gang of 'I like sour and...what do you recommend?' so drinks were tweaked to suit tastes and Cressi's strawberry non alcoholic cocktail was gorgeous!  Minus points - the loud reggae music. Yep, meant to add to the ambiance but it was just freaking loud and you couldn't hear people speak. Plus it was too loud at the early part of the night so hell knows what it would be like towards closing time.  Though there has to be a smile raised at the reggae versions of popular songs - reggae Karma Police anyone?
5 Chic, quirky, cool, retro, cosy, comfortable, relaxing, welcoming, cheap, different, is how I would describe this wonderful place! The best place I've been to in a long time, highly recommend !!!!
