5 I Highly recommend Starry Nights for any kind of your Transportation needs!!! I have used their services & I am always impressed with their professionalism & kindness!!! They have different types of vehicles to fit your needs from the small to large special occasions. They are the First & Only call I make when I need any kind of transportation needs :)!  Thank You Starry Nights for the Opportunity to ride with you!
1 If I could give less than one star, I would. Never have I had the displeasure of dealing with a company so unprofessional as "Starry Nights".  We unfortunately chose them for our wedding transportation and to start out with, I made a reservation TWO times with them and both times when I called to confirm, they did not have record of it. They were decent enough to offer us a discount since they lost the confirmation. They agreed to, and sent us a confirmation email agreeing to charging us $70 an hour. We would use them for three hours. Fair enough.   The girl was on time when picking up my girls and I. We (as most girls/bridal parties are) were running a little behind. So she picked us up and dropped us off at our location. She then turned back around to pick our guys up at their location. Well a trip that should have taken 15-20 mins MAX ended up taking her 35  + mins. THANKFULLY, my husband and his guys had to take taxis to our venue because they were not going to keep our guests waiting any more. My husband called the driver 8 times and called the owner of the company 3 times. No answer. No communication. Nothing.   My boys still got to our venue in a decent amount of time. BUT then the limo driver has the nerve to show up at the end of the night to pick my groom and I up to take us to our honeymoon destination. The girl (who my husband had not had any contact with up until this point in time), rolls around and my husband nicely tells her that since they didnt pick the guys up, that we would not be needing her services to take us away. She responds with "Well...the guys at the hotel were right. You ARE a d**k." What. Kind. Of. Customer. Service. Is. THAT? To say that to the GROOM on our WEDDING DAY! So my husband tells her to leave and she fish tails out of the parking lot. The nerve.   And the icing on the cake? They charged us the FULL AMOUNT! And the owner tries telling us he "cut us a deal." So we had the fun of dealing with calling our bank disputing charges on our honeymoon.   So thank you SO much Starry Nights for trying SO hard to attempt to ruin our big day. You were far from succeeding. It's no wonder I found you guys on Groupon. You're probably going under for your Customer Service. Or lack there of.
5 It was a great discovery!   I needed transportation to & from the airport.  We needed pick-ups at two different locations, so I figured I would leave the driving to someone else.   The previous negative review had me a little concerned, but I hoped that my experience would be fine.  It turned out that it was!   The driver arrived right on time for both pick-ups.   We arrived to the airport on time.  The pick-up was just as easy.  He was waiting when we arrived & once we picked up the luggage he was ready outside the door as soon as we stepped out.    The vehicle was clean & comfortable!  Jeff was very friendly!  The entire experience was great & will definitely use them again for future travel plans.
