5 This place opened yesterday the 31st of January 2013. I went to the grand opening and it was a terrific experience. The space is a narrow but they utilized the space very well. It wasn't hard for us to find either. The owner, Shawn introduced himself as well as greeted us as we entered. He was as funny as a comedian. The staff was very courteous and diligent.   At the time of the grand opening the hookahs were $10 and the second session was free. Even if they didn't have the promotion going on, the hookahs were reasonably priced at $15.00 as well as $12.00 for your second round. The prices for the food menu are also set at a great price as well.  When we ordered the hookah flavor pirates'  cave. It came out very quickly because they already have a hookah set up at the table. The hookahs hit very good and lasted us around a hour on our first bowl. We ordered the kabob plate and it came with two sides. My boyfriend and I shared. Even though we shared the kabob plate, it filled us up pretty well because the portions are reasonable to the price you pay.   I would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes to smoke hookah as well as enjoy middle eastern foods. You can't bet the prices either!
5 it hard for to describe in a few word but will try. nice clean decor. owners are young but give u that great old fashion service. super clean. great eats. the have a in house made hummus to die for and with warm pita bread. the cook did not learn to cook like at any school this is mamas recpice. enough just go and enjoy.
5 I was there this week....the food was amazing!!! Very nice atmosphere ... Nice music , defiantly be a regular spot!!! Must visit.
5 Great food, good service, awesome atmosphere and of course the hookah is perfect! Just saved layla grill and hopkah into my favorites in my GPS. Will definitely recommend to all my friends too!  (-:
5 Any quest to find a decent hookah lounge in this town is daunting. So few places get it right, and I have been all to often served up a $15 bowl of charcoal and ash.  Fortunately, Layla is one of the few lounges where the owners know what they are doing. The owners are nice and very attentive. They come by regularly with coals to and make sure you have everything you need.  A wide selection of flavors (Fumari, Starbuzz, Al Fakher and more) ensures that even the most discerning hookah smoker will find what they are looking for. The hookah was hitting great and service was on point.  The place is small but super clean. The lounge is really narrow but can accommodate large and small parties on their giant sofas. Though there isn't much flexibility in the seating, its comfortable and you can tell the owners care about keeping the place clean. The music on the night we went was awesome. Great mix of EDM, not sure if its the norm but   They serve some food but the prices seem to be a bit high, few dishes below $10. We didn't order so I can't really comment if they are worth the price or not. Our server told us that they are going to be getting a liquor license soon which will definitely be a big plus as only a few lounges in town serve up alcohol.  Overall it was a great hookah experience and definitely one of the better lounges in town!
5 Good hookah, nice people, good food, definitely one of the better hookah places I've been too. I will be coming back to this place, and I think others should too!! :)
5 I came in here about a month ago with my girlfriend after eating at Sushi Koma next door (which is an amazing sushi restaurant). We actually noticed the hookah lounge when we had first parked and knowing my obsession with having hookah after eating sushi, we decided to give it a try after we ate.   First off, this place is very clean and very modern looking. It is nicely decorated and kinda gives you a lounge feel without being too dark and whatnot. This is also a restaurant so they have a counter and kitchen which you can see as you enter  but its really no big deal.  The couches are very comfortable in my opinion, and even though the suite is not that big, the couches and space for each table have a lot of leg room and whatnot. so that was a big plus as well.  Last and most importantly is the hookah. The hookah was hitting the whole time we were there and they have a variety of flavors. Being middle eastern, I am very picky regarding the whole hookah experience, from the coals to the flavor to the smoke produced. I'm really happy to say that this place got 3/3 for everything.   The owner, Sean, is very chill and approachable. We mainly talked to his brother (which I forgot his name), but both were awesome and made sure we had a good experience. I definitely recommend this place to anyone for hookah and I would go a lot more often, but being in medical school kinda pre-occupies my life at the moment haha.  Oh and also, we didn't try the food since we were stuffed from the AYCE sushi next door, so next time we'll get some food and see how it is....but so far, 100% in my grade book!! haha
5 Awesome! Great experience! Came here with my Mom and my sister, and we all loved it! The service was amazing (Guy is da bomb) and the food and hookah is even better! I got the falafel and hummus appetizer and just that was seriously soooo good!! Also the pina colada hookah was nice :) I love this place, you've gotta give it a try! :)
5 This place is one of a kind  I come here 3-4 times a week and we always feel so welcome, they make us feel at home.  The music is so nice and not to loud.  Before we found out about this place we used to go to deferent hookah lounges in Vegas but all of them were dirty and the hookah wasn't so good.. I love how clean this place is.  They also serve some really good food and awesome appetizer menu.  The alcohol menu is large and the prices are very fair.  And sure the music is awesome.   Very recommended!
5 I liked the place and service was good too. I had  falafel which I would say is one of the best in town.
5 This place was fantastic. I had the falafel pita sandwich. The pita was very soft and fresh and there was a lot of falafel balls in it. Great prices. Next time, I'll eat in as they have couches to enjoy your food on.
5 I've been to many hookah lounges, and on a Thursday night decided to check this place out. My overall experience here was great. The staff is professional, and the service is FAST. The lounge feels modern and they had comfortable seats. I ordered a pineapple mint hookah and their kabob. The hookah was great, and the kabob was the best I've had in any hookah lounge.Definitely coming back again.
5 I've been here three times so far and I keep coming back. They have a very nice lounge area that is chilled and laid back. The food is great and they have tons of hookah flavors to pick from.
5 The staff are nice and helpful the place is clean and pleasant. Prices are reasonable, wi-fi is free. Dishes are fresh and very tasty. Highly recommended.
5 Layla is by far one of the best hookah lounges in town. Their customer service is by far one of the best I've ever received anywhere. I love all of their hookah flavors and we come pretty regularly for it. They also have a large variety of alcohol, which is always a plus from beers to liquor. Also, their food is pretty bomb! My favorite is their chicken sharwarma. Either as a dinner platter or as a baguette sandwich with hummus, hot sauce and cabbage. Not a fan of those? There's a large variety of things to add into your sandwich and platters according to your tastes. The atmosphere is also very lounge like, seats are extremely comfortable and can accommodate large parties. It's pretty hard to find a clean, nice and relaxing hookah lounge that has good flavors and smoke, and the major +'s is this place also has amazing food, ALCOHOL, and superior service.
5 Delicious food.  I had the shawerma plate with onion rings and red cabbage salad as well as a coke.  The red cabagge salad tastes a lot like cole slaw.  Its creamy and crunchy.  Sean was my server.  He is extremely friendly and personable.  He knew the nenu very well and was quick serving drinks and food.  I came around 3pm and it was easy to get a table.  You set at black leather couches with low faux granite tables.  The walls are red with a red brick design.  Layla is the type of place to bring a few pals, share a meal and lounge at.  Come check it out.  You'll be glad you did. :-)
5 Love this spot. The owners are awesome, the food and service are great and the chill atmosphere is unbeatable.
5 This place is great and the service is excellent. I had the falafel and hummus and hubby had the schwarma plate..both are excellent. The ambience is quaint and the server was so friendly and warm. I would go back again in a heart beat and will tell all that visit Vegas to try this place out.
5 Good food and great atmosphere.  This place doesn't get very crowded so each visit is met with an attentive & proud staff.  The chicken shawarma plate is excellent!
5 Very nice food and ambiance. They have a variety of different dishes to meet everyone's  palate.  They are also able to meet your needs if your diet is restricted in anyway, service is quick but also very friendly. Definitely recommend.
5 Great food. Great hookah. Awesome Service. Owners do everything possible to make you feel like you are in your living room.
5 Super chill place to bring a couple of friends. The food was good, the hookah is good, prices aren't crazy, and the atmosphere is relaxing. The waiters are extraordinarily friendly and always want to make sure that you're tended to, which is always pleasant.
5 I'm actually sitting here right now and enjoying some hookah and shawarma pita.   I must tell that this is the best shawarma i've ever had in my life.  The meat is so soft and so testy, the service is really nice, my server name is guy and he is so friendly.   He gave me some free home made pickles and i loved it! The hookah flavor lasts  for long time and it's so smooth and nice.   I recommend this place and want to thank them for the nice hospitality.  :)
5 Best hookah place I've been to so far. The service was great the hookah was great, good vibes. I'll definitely come back :)
4 Good prices for the hookah. Allows 18+. Laid back spot, almost like you're at a friend's place. Solid.
5 I go to Layla's for lunch every once in a while...it's always well worth the trip...there's no Mediterranean food like Layla's. The shawarma is wonderful, the various appetizers such as baba ganoush are delicious: find out the daily special at lunch - I've always enjoyed them. I appreciate the care taken by the owners... :)
4 It took me a while to find it tucked away in a strip mall but as I have discovered with so many places in Vegas, appearances can be deceiving!    I walked in way overdressed after coming from dinner where my dining companion bailed on me so I ate alone (nothing gets between me and great food!) and decide to just continue with our plans by myself.  Admittedly, I was a bit uncomfortable walking int a Hookah lounge by myself because I don't smoke and it was out of the norm for me. (Restaurants I know my way around... this was all new!)  Fortunately, I can have some big brass ones so I just tucked them in and opened that door.  I looked around and it seemed like a combination of a small bar with food and then upholstered benches (like sofas but not quite) with a pair of seating areas facing each other and a coffee table in between.  As I gazed around a couple of (Do we call them Hookahers?) invited me to sit across from them.  Obviously they sensed I was a little uncomfortable.  I was grateful!  The server immediately came up, made me feel comfortable, explained things to me and as a non-smoker what might be too harsh, etc.   I decided on chocolate and almost instantly out came the pipe.  I made a joke about being old enough to know a big bong when I see it and he laughed and said "don't inhale so deep and don't hold it in" and I laughed with him.  (wink, wink)  I actually found it very pleasurable and relaxing.  It didn't make me sick to my stomach like when I have tried cigarettes!  It's hard not to patronize a place with such pleasant people.  I am definitely going to give it a second try with a group of people and have some food this time.
5 This past January marked a year my wife stopped smoking cigarettes.  So imagine my surprise when the one thing she wanted to do to mark the occasion was to...smoke hookah??  I personally hadn't done that in well over 6+ years.  28 reviews and counting with consistent 5 star reviews lead us to Layla.  Although it's a small place that can cater to maybe 6 groups total, it's like a really cool guy's basement.  That really cool guy happens to also be named Guy.  He recognized my wife and I instantly since we lived in the same apartment complex a couple of years ago and had neighboring parking spots.  Throughout our visit, Guy was super friendly, attentive and made us feel very welcome.  The big leather couches you sit on INSIST that you stay a while.         We were informed that all their food was homemade so trying the falafel and hummus appetizer was an absolute must for me.  Their falafel rivals any other joint as the best in LV, crunchy outside and flavorful green inside.  I could tell right away that the hummus was homemade.  It tasted more like a super thick tahini sauce than your average hummus but I thought it accompanied the falafel really well.  I'll be sure to get it again.  We also got an order of stuffed grape leaves and a nice basket of freshly toasted pita.  Guy also hooked us up with a couple of pieces of baklava which made for a nice ending to the meal.  Hookah time.  Lots of choices and my wife chose their "pina colada" which was fine and tasted as advertised.  3 bricks would have been enough for 4-6 people to smoke let alone two.  Count on me as a repeat customer!  At the very least I'll order their great Middle Eastern food to go since they're open so late or we'll lounge out the next time my wife has "the itch".
5 Absolutely love this place. I would come here almost every weekend with one of my closest friends. Their hookah is amazing, always smooth. The staff is great and knowledgable about hookah and smoking.  We only came here to smoke, but their menu looks delicious.  Since we used to be somewhat of "regulars" they served us a plate of fries on the house - how lovely of them and the fries were great!  Overall, I love this place and simply wish I had the time to visit more frequently!
5 This place is awesome ... I came there already 4 times and it was great experience! I tried the rib eye steak ( My favorite) It was so delicious!! And the hookah was blue mist and hit so good!!! Thank u Layla Grill & Hookah.
5 I had a great time in this place,  The food was great and the hookah taste awesome!  This is the best Mediterranean food I had in this town, easy  five star  A+++
5 My favorite place to go and enjoy some great food and great hookah. The best hamburger I have ever had! The house mix hookah is great! I always bring my friends and guests from out of town. Def a must go place!
5 Great time and good music.  Food the best ever.  Rib eye steak wowwwww. You must must go....
5 I love this place! Really feels like a home away from home. I really recommend on eating the Grape leaves along with the Hummus Mushroom as a starter. I'm a a vegan so I don't eat meat .. I eat a bowl of soup with their house rice instead. The Hookah is always great- lots of flavors. In final words- worth it!
5 Layla's has the Best Isreali food in town, hands down!!! FRESH and delicious.  The falafel's and lentil soup are extraordinary, the atmosphere is well suited and the service is outstanding. Guy K, one of the owners treats you like a super star! Finally GREAT Israeli food!! Great job boys!
5 Came in here not knowing what to expect! But what can I say, very excellent customer service. Had Shawama and it was amazing! Nizan the Manager great guy and makes you feel like you are the best customer.   Nice and dim with alot of seating so great for groups. Lots of flavors and familiar names. So if you wanna eat and relax i suggest to come here.
5 I went to Layla Grill & Hookah last night for the first time and was soooo happy with the food drinks, and service! Sean was great and made us feel welcome right when we walled through the door! We went with the blue mist hookah and it was delish not the mention sooo smooth! My husband ordered the falafel sandwich and loved it and a friend was also happy with the chicken teryaki. Sean and the other servers were super cool and the place was nice and comfortable, overall we had a wonderful night and will definitely be back! :)
5 It wasn't my first time I admit I had the Swarma at the first time  and it was  yummy Came back for schnitzel  And loved it all over again  Really big dish , great vibe And good prices too Always a pleasure to come inn ;) Thank u guys  Keep it up  Ned
5 This is the place 2 come chill. Owners are super nice & the environment is unique. The prices for the hookah & kosher food are perfect. Drink selection is great. Would recommend for anyone looking for a chill night w/ friends.
5 Great food and service, which are two aspects that truly make this a noteable place to experience.  I had the falafel which brought me back to my time in NYC.  The staff was amazing in terms of of how friendly and helpful the are.  I will definitely be back!
5 Definitely check this place out. Great vibe, great owners, GREAT FOOD! Everything is made in house. The hummus and pita bread was great, schwarma was very tasty, and a huge selection of alcoholic beverages. Great for lunch or for a lounge atmosphere with a few late night comrades.   Thank you guys! Keep it up. Can't wait to see what the future holds.  Zak
5 Great food, excellent service. The best hookah in town. We love to relax at Layla every weekend.
5 Keep coming to this place and have to say everything is flawless. Great food, juicy fresh and best hookah. Two thumbs up guys. Wish you much success!!!  Roman
5 I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service! I would recommend the shawarma rap. It is amazing!
5 I love this place! The food is amazing. Music is fun. Love this hip hookah lounge. I come at least three times a week. I highly recommend it!
5 I finally understood what the Israelis were talking abou when they said that there wasn't any good shawarma in Vegas. This relatively new place gave me a taste of Israel. Defiantly check it out. Best Israeli food in Vegas.
5 I cannot find enough words in the dictionary to explain the outstanding,freshly cooked delicious juicy meals on this entire menu as well as the service provided treating you like a king or queen. I highly recommend the falafel balls, the hummus. the shwarma, the lentil soup, the beef and lamb kebabs, the schnitzel and salads. The two owners, service and cool atmosphere is a must to try out over and over again!!! Oh and let's not forget the best hookah in all of the world!
5 I have been to many hookah lounges, and this one is hands down the cleanest. Layla's has awesome food and drinks. The hookah is great too, they have many common classic flavors as well as their own twists. The customer service is amazing too. Always tending to the coals and making sure you're good on food and drink. It's a must try!
5 I had a really good experience with this place the service was great the food was awesome definitely recommend this place. .5 star easy!
5 Yummy food, friendly service,  super chill ambiance,  & tasty hookah! :) AND late nite hours!!
5 I have to say the hamburger here is juicy and tasty.   The taste of shawarma is almost as good as the one at N Miami Beach one.
4 Was in the mood for Mediterranean food so I headed to yelp! What a great find. Place is kind of small but very comfortable food is great atmosphere is nice and service was good as well. We had the hummus, the salad and beef kabobs. Kabobs were so good I had a second order which I shouldn't of had because I was exploding :) will be back again.  It's a hooka lounge so it might be smoky at times.
5 Amazing food and great serVice! It's a smaller local restaurant with authentic food! The atmosphere is great and the drinks are even better! This is a place I will definitely be returning to!
4 I heard this was a place where you could get Middle Eastern Cuisine, so I thought I would give it a try. I love Lebanese food and I have not found a place on the West Coast that knows how to make shawarma. I was hoping this place did...nope. First of all you need to have the machine to rotate and cook the lamb. The meat does not taste the same on the grill. Then you need to have a panini grill to toast the sandwich after you roll it up. I still have to go back to Dearborn, Michigan to get a good shawarma sandwich.  That being said, I will say they have a cool little hookah lounge. They have nice drink menu and food menu as well. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. I just want a real shawarma sandwich!! I think the owners are Israeli, so that would explain the different style of some of the cooking. They make shawarma sandwiches way different. The food is going to vary from country to country in the Middle East, but it's all basically the same stuff.  Anyways, the place looked clean and the food is good. I would recommend trying it out.
5 Go!  It's adorable with comfy couches and attentive owners/waiters who shower you with marinated, pickled vegetables and the most savory, textured hummus and pita bread like they have in Israel.  We only ordered drinks and our waiter brought out all of theses yummies.  Our drinks were large, potent and tasty!  According to the owner, it gets busy around 11PM - we were there around 6:30PM and had no trouble getting a table or getting served.  We'll be back!
5 Our server, Guy, was excellent. Burger and shawarma was very good...highly reccomended for any occasion.
5 What can I say?! The best hookah place in Vegas by far!!! The food, the service , the music are just perfect 10! The hookah?! Well, I bought one from them so you can imagine how good it is.  You just can't go wrong with all those 5 star reviews!   Defiantly recommended.
4 Tried the chicken shwarama last night, it was different but in a good way. The service was great, the guy that helped us was Victor and he was awesome. I do wish the place was a little bigger. Its one of those places where you walk in and everyone looks at you because of how small it is. Anyhow, this is a place I would come back to.
5 Excellent customer service. Out hookah lasted 4 hours straight without needing to blow it out or rotate the coals. The food is ABSOLUTELY delicious! They offer alcohol and there are TVs to watch the sports. The staff will do anything to satisfy you. They are very welcoming and considerate! All their food is fresh!!!
5 I love the food! Shawarma wrap is different compared the the usual shawarma I had in the past. Uniquely good. Service is awesome. Our server is very pleasant and knowledgeable about the food.
5 I did all the way from New York to this place I heard about this place  a lot.excellent atmosphere, good music and good price and  excellent food.  Highly recommend this place
2 Editing my review from 5/5 to 2/5. Was my second experience at Layla's and everything was great including the food and vibe. The service was a little slow when it got busy so that's to be expected and not a big deal.   The reason for my edit on this review is because I woke up this morning throwing up the food I ordered(Shawarma plate). Could be an isolated incident but after the whole Firefly thing you never know.
