5 This is another pizza spot that me and my wife and have grown fond of. It isn't take and bake, but nevertheless, it is very very good. Made fresh from scratch right in front of you, with real italian sausage, this place is awesome. They have other items, but when we come we always get the Pizza special with Pepperoni and Sausage and a drink. It's two 18 inch slices I might add and the drink for $4.99. Unbeatable in my opinion, especially since it's good.
4 Great pizza finally available close to Anthem. It sure beats out it's previous resident "Sun City Cafe". Pizza is really good, (they don't skimp on cheese, that's for sure") Best thing though is they DELIVER--- so you can just dial up and the pizza is at your door.  Went in for breakfast a few times (weekends) and the service is kind of slow but I think the breakfast thing is an "add-on". Dinner service is fine when we were there at that time. Owners are warm and friendly.
1 This place was terrible, it took an hour to get my takeout which I was told would take 30 min.  The Italian sandwich was incased in bread so hard you could use it to play baseball, the chicken Marsala was burnt and was unseasoned, the spaghetti was made with angel hair pasta and was bland and tasteless, if you wait an hour it should at least be good, anybody who thinks this place has good food has never had real Italian in a big city. I have never written a review but this was the worst $30 bucks I ever spent, we threw it away and went to get fast food. Horrible, awful food.
1 As much as I wanted to like there pizza I just could not get past the bad tasting pizza sauce.  The crust was ok nothing great and the toppings are very limited and not very fresh. Would not recommend going there you would be better off buying a frozen pizza.
2 The service is slow, pizza is ok. I will say their burgers are really good. Pasta sauce isn't bad. Really wish they would upgrade the ambiance. Better table and chairs would help.
1 Rude rude rude....let me start off by saying I never had the pleasure to eat there because I called the restaurant and asked if they deliver to my subdivision and the girl that answered the telephone said hold on and forgot to cover the microphone and asked a guy in the background "Do you want to do ANOTHER delivery?" I could hear the guy mumble something but I could not make out what it was.  She then comes back to the phone like "I'm sorry we are not delivering!" I then repeated in the same tone she used to the guy in the back "Oh so he doesn't want to do ANOTHER delivery." She was surprised I heard her convo and gave off a nervous chuckle. Their website clearly states they deliver until 9 p.m. Wow so glad I didn't order from these idiots, I won't spend my money where they act unprofessional...This is the type of restaurant that spits in your food. Beware
4 We go here because we like the family that owns it. Pizza has always been great. My only complaint is the lack of ambiance.  Needs music and better decor.
