5 The place is a nice, clean, and inviting environment.  Michelle did an excellent job on my facial. It was relaxing and felt great! One of the best facials I have ever had. I am definitely coming back here again.  I can tell Michelle truly cares about her clients and their skin needs.
5 Michelle has made a huge difference in my skin. Not only was my facial great, but she educated me on my skin problems. With the help of a couple products she recommended, I now know how to treat my skin and blemishes!
5 I had a wonderful surprise with this purchase, I bought a living social voucher for the first treatment and I love it, as first time client she honored the promotional price for two more treatments that I also enjoyed so much. I recommend this place is really nice and Michelle it's really good, and you can tell she knows what she is doing since the beginning and take really good care of her clients. I'm glad I found this place I will definitely make it my primary.
5 I have been to several 5 star spas in the valley and Skin Glo ranks as high, in my opinion. Michelle provides individualized facials based on your skin's needs, which sets her apart from spas with "one facial fits all". My skin looks the best it ever has! The facials are relaxing and refreshing and I plan to come back on a regular basis for pampering. I highly recommend Skin Glo to anyone looking for a reasonable, professional facial.
5 Michele did a fantastic job when I saw her for a facial and microdermabrasion .  She uses products that are non irritating to sensitive skin and they smell fantastic!  I drove from central Mesa to see her and would have gladly driven from Scottsdale, Tempe or Chandler.
5 Had eyelash extensions with Brie.  Couldn't be happier.  She took her time and was meticulous.  Really paid attention to detail.  Not to mention very friendly and easy to talk to.  The lashes are soft and natural looking.  It looks like I was born with fabulous lashes and they don't scream fake.  Four weeks later and they're still going strong and look great.  Looking forward to my next visit.  Won't go anywhere else.
5 Rave reviews for this local business!  Booking was easily done online, for me this included next day, (on a Sunday), with a variety of times to chose from.  The staff was professional and the office was clean and well decorated.  Nikki did a wonderful and thorough job with my oxygen facial :) My skin feels soft and radiant!
