4 I came here for the CrossFit Games Open WOD 13.3.  A group of CrossFit gyms were rotating the schedule.  This gym is huge!  It's very clean and well set-up.  The owners and staff were nice and did an amazing job with hosting the Open this week for over 100 competitors.  If you're around this neighborhood, I would definitely recommend joining this box!
5 Great place. Good people and very passionate and caring owners. These people really care about your success and are good hearted. I highly recommend coming here if you're looking to mix up your workout and be surrounded by some really supportive crossfitters.
5 Love this place! I was a first time Crossfitter and was a little intimidated but everyone, members and staff were so welcoming. Coaches are friendly and very detailed orientated especially when it comes to perfect form for all of the movements. I have been going here for two months now and am already seeing results.
5 I have been going to This is Crossfit for almost a year now.  Best decision I ever made to join crossfit and to choose this box.  I am much healthier and more physically fit than i have ever been before.  The coaches here are very zoned in on making sure all your movements are safe and correct.  They bring in outside experts from time to time to enhance our experience and ability.  Joining This is Crossfit has become a lifestyle change for me and has created a community that i consider my 2nd family.  Everyone there is very supportive and pushes each other to the fullest.  One of the most inspiring things This is Crossfit provides is their kids program.  I have been lucky enough to watch this program grow and to see how the kids have excelled and the confidence they have inherited from their coaches and through this box.  The patience and knowledge the coaches have here at This is Crossfit to have such a successful kids program and adult program is proof enough why you should stop by and try out some classes.  It's a place for your whole family.  It is a community, it is a lifestyle and for me...it is my happy place.  Best box in town hands down!
5 At This is Crossfit you will find coaches who are knowledgeable and experience. This is Crossfit not only offers regular crossfit classes but also offers yoga classes that help with mobility, an olympic weight lifting class to help with lifts, as well as a kids crossfit class. When you get great attributes in every class, each day that you come to work out, you will not only improve in your overall fitness, but you will ENJOY the process as well. At this is Crossfit it's not just your ordinary LVAC or 24 hr gym it's a community where lasting friends and teammates are created.
5 This is an amazing gym. Why you ask? #1 The owners go at your pace. Whether fit or a beginner, they work with you. No expectations until you're ready to lift with the big beasts!! The gym is well rounded, yoga, nutrition, and kids crossfit. There's also an Olympic lifter who works with technique. Not only is it fun but family oriented too. The owners are down to earth, couldn't ask for any one better. And the other coaches are just as amazing. They all keep you motivated through positivity.
