5 Being a beginner to yoga and attending a few studios, Ha Yoga by far is my favorite! The owner Nikki created an amazing energy for her place. Calm, comfortable and very welcoming especially if you're new to yoga. Nikki, Nicole and Charlie are great instructor! Providing everyone with a strong yet enjoyable flow, these ladies and gentelman never send you through the exact same routine, which I love! Not to mention the prices are great for a valley yoga studio.
5 I am so glad I found this place. The studio, people and instructors are all wonderful! I've been practicing yoga off and on for a couple of years and this studio by far is the most enjoyable I've come across in the valley. They even have pre-natal classes!!!
5 This isn't your typical yoga studio.  The owner Nikki is an incredible teacher!  The studio is small enough that the instructors can give you one on one attention.  They offer a variety of different classes from flow, yin, to pre-natal!  And Nikki plays Neil Young and Otis Redding, instead of the typical "sounds of the yogi" soundtrack.  Good people, good vibe, GREAT deals on classes at the moment (hint hint: groupon).  SO stoked I found this place :)  update as of 2.5.14  Still the best and most affordable yoga studio in town!!!!!
5 I took a few yoga classes in college but hadn't done it since, so I was looking for a beginner level class that was still challenging. I was so glad I found Nikki's Tuesday night class. It's the perfect balance of beginner and slightly intermediate yoga, but the environment is so comfortable that you don't feel stupid or defeated if you can't perform a certain pose. There are also a variety of yoga classes you can choose from--flow, heated, advanced, pregnancy yoga. Nikki's been teaching for years and really knows her stuff when it comes to yoga, so I highly recommend this studio.
5 Love it! I've only done the heated flow class but it's really amazing and a great environment. Bring a towel!
5 Love Nikki- I've been taking prenatal yoga for the last few months with her.  She is super attentive to her students needs and skills and a great teacher.  She's refreshing, real and open, which is especially nice talking pregnancy :).    I've only tried one other of her classes but loved that too.  Happy to have found Ha Yoga!
