5 I have lived in Madison my entire life and had no idea that Pooley's paired with Diggity's, not only is this a great place to wind down after work or during lunch, but it is such a blast at night! Volleyball, concerts, etc... The food is excellent, the drinks are fantastic, and the wait staff is extraordinary!
5 It's really the best bar food I've ever had.  I don't always eat at a bar and I don't always go for fried food.  But when I want a little grease, and I happen to be in Madison, which I was last year, I will head on over to Diggitys.  My favorites were the fried cheese curds and the roast beef.  Loved everything I tasted.  I notice the menu includes some dessert items which was not the case when I was there.  Going to have to make a trip back!
5 We went to Diggity's when we heard they had a good fish fry. The space was clean and the staff super nice. The place is huge!! We ordered the fish, salads, fries, hot dogs and pizza. Everything was awesome!!! The fish was outstanding. Omgawd!!! The breading (fried cod) was so scrumptious and the tarter sauce (who makes note of this stuff??) but it was so dang good. It had some dill something in it, holy hell is was so good!!! Pizza looked great and the kin folk said it was done perfectly. That hot dog, the slaw dog to be specific looked like a dream and it tasted delicious too! We passed that around-it was topped with cheese and the best coleslaw you've ever had. Short story long this place has really really good food!
1 Chicago Dog description taken from their online menu on 1/31/14:  100% All beef Red Hot Chicago dog, mustard, onion, relish, tomato, pickle, sport peppers & two dashes of celery salt. Served on a steamed poppy seed bun.  ---  So, then why did my chicago dog only come with mustard, relish & onion?  Two other coworkers ordered with me and theirs had that with tomatoes...   None had a sport pepper.  If you don't have the proper ingredients make that known when they order.  When someone is wanting a Chicago hot dog as described on your site-  it should be made as such!
