5 What a great place to do business!  Not as busy as the Pima store and the guys behind the counter are comedians!
5 This is a great spot. Daniel went above and beyond to make my experience really smooth. I highly recommend this Discount Tire for friendly & hassle free service. This is now my go-to shop!
5 I love discount tire and have for over 10 years! This was my first time at this location for an easy (and free) tire rotation. I was in and out in like 15 minutes! Extremely impressive!  Thanks!
5 What a great example of superior customer service, courtesy, and a can do attitude.  Always nice to do business with a hometown company :-)
5 Service here left me very impressed! While replacing all tires to my SUV is not one of my favorite things to do...ever...Discount Tire took the madness out of the experience. Not only a great price but quick & clean service. They matched the lowest pricing and then the service tech even looked for a rebate for me!! The showroom area was new and spotless - what a great experience!
5 I had one hell of a flat tire at the gym on a Sunday and was able to get my car to this location with a donut. I left it there overnight and came in first thing Monday morning where Jordan assisted me with my tire replacement. The warranty covered the full price of a brand new tire and my only expense was paying $16 for insurance/warranty on that! I am not usually a warranty person but Discount Tire has one of the BEST warranty programs out there in my opinion. I highly recommend taking them up on this when purchasing new tires. This location has a big open waiting area and is very clean. Jordan made the experience very pain free and easy. He was upbeat with a positive personality and he exemplified superior customer service with not only myself but the other customers I saw him assist. It's always a little nerve wracking for me dealing with anything car-related, but he definitely made the experience seamless and positive. I would definitely recommend this Discount Tire location.
