3 I was curious to see what this place was about.  I am not accustomed to Juarez style Mexican, let alone Mexican cuisine in general.  The restaurant is fairly new and decided to give it a shot.    The outside and inside is conservatively decorated and efficient with its space.  There are some really cool pics inside, I am guessing is from the region.  It may be silly to say, but was intrigued to see if this place served dishes with cool cartel names as a theme.  But once I entered, realized that I was an idiot that needs his head checked.  It still would be cool to get a Jose Malverde combo or something.  I know it can be a sensitive subject and better quit before I get myself in trouble.  I ordered the Juarez Style Flautas and found it nerve wrecking since I was not familiar with the menu, but reluctant to ask questions since I don't speak the native tongue.  So I just pointed at the nearest picture of a combo meal and said, "one of those pro favor (minus the por favor part)."  It wasn't half bad, but don't know what was special about it let alone the difference Juarez Style and any other style for that matter.  I washed it down with a horchata and spent a decent amount around $5.  This place is near the job and in a pretty location if you ask me if you are commuting on Eastern or exiting off US-95.  Although, I don't think that this place is getting much buzz and they may need to consult their marketing manager about that.  I haven't seen any reviews come in and I am probably the less experienced Hispanic food critic since I am not even sure on what to order unless I got help.  With that said, I have to rate this place a 3.  I usually rate the Roberto's next to my house a strong 3, well it is the cleanest Roberto's I have ever been in and that is saying something.  Which only means it would only be fair to give this place 2 by that standard.  Let's just say its a 2.5 that was rounded up.
3 This place use to formerly be a KFC. I walked in and it looked very clean, because my husband had been here before I went on his recommendation of the picadillo burrito which was a ground beef bean and potato burrito and it was good and I had a sangria soda. I kept it simple with my choice since i have had some bad experiences with mexican food. Everyone here was nice especially the guy at the register who was helpful with the descriptions of the menu items. I will be back and I recommend it if you like mexican food.
2 Read about this place in the paper, so we drove over from Centennial Hills to check it out. Sorry to say it was not worth the trip. Mediocre Mexican food. Frozen Taquitos, watered down horchata from a mix, yellow cheese? A note to 'Anglos', if you see yellow cheese in a Mexican restaurant, expect cafeteria style Mexican food. No yellow cheese in Mexico. One unique item though, turkey rump. I had it in a sope. Tasty, but nothing special. $18's? My bad.
5 I was born and raised in El Paso, the "Double" takes me back to my youth... I see the yelper talking about No Mexican's use yellow cheese, hate to break it to you, but we Mexicans, that is how we do it along the Border. There is many Mexican cuisines and Border Food has not been pushed till, Now... Thank you Border Food ohhh and Love the SOPES, you have to try the... oh and lastly the Burritos are great.
5 Best menudo in Vegas (except for home-made, of course)!  Friendly & dependable service too. Just wish they opened a little earlier cuz sometimes it's hard to wait until 10 for breakfast! 4-5-14 update:  Yay! Now they open at 9!
5 This is my favorite place to come to when I am home sick. I love their flautas they are the best. Anytime I miss El Paso, TX I just come here to bring back the memories. Another great quality about this place is their staff, I've been here numerous of times and they are always so nice and joyful, and never have an attitude. They make it feel the way it is back home.
