5 I have been seeing Dr. Kerr for 18 years now.  She is like going to see a wonderful country/farm doctor.  The front office is nice but, you don't spend long there as she is always running on time (no waiting 45 minutes like other doctors).  She sits down and listens to you.  She asks all the right questions to help her understand.  She then walks you through the options along with pros/cons (ranging from homeopathic to surgery) and helps you to decide on the right course for your situation.  She also does bio-identical hormones and is a big believer in homeopathy, which I love.  A couple of years ago, I moved from Ahwatukee out North but, I have kept Dr. Kerr as my primary care doctor as I couldn't imagine going to anyone else.  She has such a calm wonderful manner and spends the time to truly understand your needs.  In all the years that I have been seeing her, I have never had a bad experience with her.  I skip eating apples as I truly love going to my doctor and don't want to keep her away! :-)
1 My first impression of Dr Kerr was she was friendly and easy to talk to, but that was just for the first establishing appointment. It went downhill after that. You are pushed to see a medical student and then they take forever to get your history, then they go out and relay everything you just said to Dr Kerr who then comes into the room with the med student and stands with her back against the door with her hand on the door knob. I kid you not! She listens while the student gives you the diagnosis or plan and interjects only if you ask and she is out the door before the student is done talking so you don't have a chance to ask her any questions. The first time this happened I thought well she must be really busy, but it has happened at EVERY appointment. I then learned that I had to say "WAIT I have a question" before she could escape the room. It is awful When you do that her answers are short and she answers with the door open so you feel rushed. You feel like you are wasting her time. It is very poor professionalism and I expect more from a doctor.  Her office staff is horribly unorganized. I had asked several times for my prescription refills to be sent to my mail order pharmacy, but they never made it. Even after calling and going in to the office.  I have since changed to another doctor.
1 I went through the same thing Donna did and it was very frustrating. Dr. Kerr was friendly, but I felt she took no time at all to hear me out or address my concerns. I had to go back a 2nd time because the first time I mentioned some dry patches to them that they said just to put lotion on, well of course I was already doing that. So after they looked that over we talked about why else I was there. So the second time around I had to go back for my skin because it was getting worse and of course I waited there and waited to be seen my students which I did not prefer. Finally Dr. Kerr came in and barely listened to me and rushed me out. This has been about 5 months ago now, but I felt I had to write this review. She misdiagnosed me and my skin hasn't gotten any better. I am frustrated that I even had to pay for this pointless visit and will never go back.
