2 I was in the mood for a damn good burrito and knowing I dont like the place across the street I drove five miles to this cookie cutter replica of a fast food chain desperately trying to be an independent Mexican Restaurant.    The food is average at best very plain and bland. The food on the topping bar was old looking and past its expiration time.   The employees were pleasant and the only redeeming thing about this store.
5 Food was fast and service was excellent.
5 Way better than Pepe's Tacos. Open 24 Hours!
5 my girlfriend got a carne asada burrito here Sunday and I got to finish half of it.  sooooooooooooo yummy!!!  everything inside worked so well together, making my mouth very happy!  so I stopped there on my way home and got the ceviche (shrimp) tostada (only $3.50!!) and camerones ranchero (at $10.95 the most expensive thing on the menu).   the ceviche was excellent!  a good sized serving, I would have been happy to pay $6-7 for it!  the camerones ranchero was also a good sized serving with plenty of shrimp. very tasty.  they have a very large menu, including breakfast and desert items.  prices run pretty cheap.  burritos for $4.95 and tacos were around $1.50 each.  good + cheap + good portions + open 24/7 = 5 stars!
5 Lets keep this little place in business. I can't even eat Robertos anymore. Cheaper than Pepe's. Love their hot sauce and carne asada burritos. Very friendly staff.
4 This is my favorite mexifastfood place in Vegas. The staff are super-nice, the food is almost always excellent, the price is right, giant portions, it is super-clean, etc. I have three faves: 1. Pollo asado nachos. It's not even on the menu, but it's amazing. Rather than nachos with carne asada, the grilled/griddled marinated chicken is fantastic. 2. Pollo asado burrito with lettuce, chz, and sour cream. Fantastic. and 3. Bacon/chz burrito. Make sure to ask if you want the bacon crispy. Really good stuff.
5 I ate at the Gerardo's near Wal Mart by Rainbow and Twain. And wow! I am from Stockton California and we have Taco Trucks everywhere and many Mexican Restaurants and I found it hard to find authentic mexican food here in Vegas! I was hungry for a burrito and thought that it was Roberto's(because I heard they were good), and I seen that it wasn't but didn't want to drive so I figured might as well give it a try. Walked in, place was empty but it was 10 at night. I ordered a Carne Asada burrito with sour cream and cheese, no onions, with salsa verde. What I got was on of the best Carne Asada burritos I have ever eaten! Not only was the burrito good but they grilled me a jalapeno and caramelized onions on the side! Wow wow wow! This was my highlight of Vegas so far!
4 pretty freakin good this place had good customer service the food was pretty good the test will be when I go back for a chicken torta if my husband loves it they will earn my five stars but the carnitas and carne asada and rolled tacos were great their salsa was awesome too!
4 Really good food at a decent price. The quality of their carne asada, their salsa bar and their ingredients are definitely a few notches above Roberto's or anything similar that I've tried in the area.  Really, my only complaint would be the size of my California burrito, it was kinda small, and the fact that it didn't have sour cream or guacamole.  I definitely think it's worth giving a try and especially if you're a fan of the usual fast food Mexican joints.
4 Read the 10 reviews for this Mexican place hidden away in the giant Walmart shopping complex at the corner of Spring Mountain and Rainbow, and finally decided to give them a try after spending hours looking at fish at the nearby Petco.  It was not hard to find, if you just follow your eyes toward the flashing neon lights to the left Walmart (at night).  The place is kept clean, I saw the lady working there mop the floor like hourly.  The yellow floor might be wet hazard warning system is stationed just inside the door like a sentry.  This Mexican fast food restaurant was also not very busy when I arrived just after 9pm on a Monday. There was a couple finishing up what they had ordered, and another person came in as I was getting ready to head out with my to go order.  I glanced over their menu, which was pretty standard stuff compared to their peers and eventually settled on the Carne Asada Burrito (not a big burrito, but the taste was good and the price is very reasonable at $4.95) and a Strawberry filled Churros (fried nice and crispy and dusted with a lot of plenty of sugar, the strawberry filling was just okay). The entire bill with taxes came out to $6.43 exactly, so it was definitely a budget friendly meal without the frills.   Their Salsa Bar is also kept very clean and the ingredients all look fresh and appetizing.  I took samples of the four salsas available and they were all decent to good. Just writing this brief review and looking over their to go menu, makes me want to drive back now to try out their Super Nachos ($7.30) or one of their soft tacos ($2.25 each).  What do I look forward to next time I drop in?  If I plan it right, I will be back on another Monday and get their Monday Super Special (Chicken Burrito Combo with a soda for just $3.99) or their 99 cents Chicken or Ground Beef Tacos on Wednesdays. For those that needs a hang over cure, Menudo are available on weekends.  Service:  Friendly and quick. Price:  Good price to value ratio Taste:  Good (but only based on the 1 burrito I have tried thus far) Ambiance:  No frills, except for the nice wall mural.  If you stare at their wall mural long enough, you too can magically transport yourself to East LA with a little imagination.  Accepts American Express but not BitCoin, Litecoin, Namecoin, Ripple, and countless others related virtual currencies.  Tony's Trip Tips: There is an Alkaline Water self serve filling station just next door ($2/gallon), you can get your Mexican fix and healthful water on the same trip.  Very time and eco-friendly.  Review #12 of 2014
1 I had the ceviche with all onions, and my bfs burrito was average at best. Not worth it. Don't go here.
5 Had the super nachos sooooooooooooooooooooo  good. You should try this place their asada meat is so tasty. Better than Robertos for sure.
2 Taste only cumin.powder, and the worst rice ever ever tried dry and unsalty. don't go.
5 I was craving for some carne asada fries so I came here. They were great! The meat had so much flavor and I prefer the thicker cut fries they use here compared to other places. The cashier was extremely friendly and the service overall was great. Come here if you want a quick fix for your Mexican food craving.
5 Great little hole in the wall place. Traditional California style Mexican food, with a good fresh salsa bar, horchata, flower tea, everything you'd expect. They got the refried beans right, and their lunch combo plates are a great deal! I will be returning, and I'm pretty picky about my Mexican food!
5 This place is at my budget friendly and the food is good. They have a week special for Mon-Thur. At what I think really good price. Super clean all around. And friendly service.  I just ate the taco salad (marinaded chicken) very tasty and very filling. And goes for the same price as Carne Asada fries. My sister had that and I gotta say way better then Roberto's fries.   I'd say give it a try when your hungry for Cali Mexican food Or when you just puff puffed.
