5 I got online and made an appointment for first thing Sunday morning.  As soon as I got there they opened the doors and let me come in to fill out paperwork despite the fact that it wasn't quite 8 yet.  The staff was friendly, funny and professional.  They went far out of their way to diagnose and treat my abdominal pain.  The clinic itself was very clean and the waiting room was very comfortable.  Thank you so much Fastmed, you saved me time and quite a bit of money and made such an effort to help that you now have fanatically loyal customer.
1 Worst Urgent Care I have ever been to. The staff was friendly but the Physician needs to learn better bedside manners. He was abrupt and arrogant. He made me feel uncomfortable and like I was an idiot for coming in. I loved when he said "I could get and X-ray but I am not because there is nothing wrong with your knee" good to know he has X-ray eyes. I will never return. I already have anxiety with doctors from being misdiagnosed. All I wanted was piece of mind and he couldn't even bother giving me that. It really is to bad there isn't any press ganey for UC's and before you think I  a hospital/UC/Drug seeker because I know this is what it will chalked up too. I worked in an ER for many years and I know what is good service for someone who just needs piece of mind.
1 Should be called Slow Med. Waited 2 hours as my husband and I watched countless people with no reservations that arrived after us be called in BEFORE us. Apparently there is some pass that allows people to cut. When I asked the receptionist what we could do to be seen and if we should make a reservation for later that day she didnt seem to understand my logic. She then explained to me that 6 people were ahead of me (at the 2 hr wait mark) and more people could be brought in before us as the day went on. If we had continued waiting I am certain it would have been several more ours before we were seen and the staff could care less.  NEVER COME AS A WALK-IN. YOU COULD POTENTIALLY BE THERE FOR THE ENTIRE DAY AND I AM NOT EXAGGERATING. We opted for Dr. Beck another facility that offers walk ins, minimal wait, and excellent reviews and service. Dont waste your time on Slow Med!  My advice to the clinic---PUT WALK-INs in the system as they arrive so they can also be held as a reservation...even if it is at a later than they arrived. The staff doesnt even enter you into the database for an hour or more after you arrive! What is the logic?? I could have simply made a reservation at home, arrived, and been seen but I foolishly thought you guys legitimately accepted walk ins!!!
1 Everyone in our family caught this stomach bug that is going around.  All four of us were up the entire night vomiting.  To say the least, it took everything for me and my son to walk into this urgent care clinic.    When we arrived there was not anyone in the waiting room (I thought Yes!, we should be out of here in no time).  My insurance just changed and I did not have my card mailed to me yet.  When I walked up to the counter, the receptionist asked how she could help us.  I told her that my son and I were both there because we were sick.  She quickly asked me if I had insurance.  I gave her a paper with the information on it in hopes she could assist me with it.  She looked at me and said, I cannot take this.  I told her I knew that I needed to get the member number.  She responded, well I can't do that for you.  Ok, what do I need to do? Just let me know so we can get seen.  Again, no assistance.  She looked at me like I was asking her to go way outside of what she is allowed to do.  As I took my paper back, she made another comment about how I needed to get the information. I turned around and said, we are going to another location.  She then said, ok do you want your ID?  Her last response as I was walking out the door with my son, "Have a nice Day'.  It was said in a very rude manner and I was completely floored by this.  This was an absolute terrible experience.  Luckily, I found another urgent care down the street who was able to help us.
3 I'm giving FastMed 3 stars because this is my 3rd time there. My first two experiences were awful. Although I'm not reviewing those experiences, I've not forgotten them either.  Today, however was a 5+++ star experience with one minor exception (meant to leave you hangin' there :)).  I made my appointment online and arrived at the appointed time. I was quickly greeted by the receptionist who REEKED of cigarette smoke. Seriously overwhelming. Although I've been unable to smell or taste anything for the last 2 weeks, I could not escape the offensive aroma of stale cigarette smoke mixed with the unpleasant smell of a freshly smoked cigarette. There are few aromas that disgust me more. I find this particularly unacceptable in a medical office.  Anyway, she was pleasant enough and checked me in quickly and efficiently. I was called back immediately by an X-ray tech. He was very nice and again, efficient. He did introduce himself, which I truly appreciated.  Vitals done quickly & accurately. Tech out. Awesome.  The Physicians Assistant, Michael Robago entered the room within 5 minutes of Tech leaving. He introduced himself and asked many relevant questions. His physical exam was thorough and professional. I completely appreciated his professional and sincere bedside manner. He was compassionate and pleasant.  I was in and out within 20 minutes!!!!! Outstanding job, gang!  You really made this visit almost worth leaving the house for. Nicorette for everyone! Here! Here!
