1 Only good thing I can say is Mark (Sales) was great. But thats where it ends, Finance was Horrible, threw a fit when I paid with my USAA check because they could not make money on the finance ( my wife was watching the finance person yell, scream and bang on her table in her office ) We had some issues with the car and for a month can not get a follow up call, have tried through sales, have spoke to internet director, and lastly Service Manager. All told me they would call back and never have. I finally called Ford to see if they can help. I needed an armrest replaced (damaged) and was told by the Internet director that they did not want to replace it with a new one because they did not make enough money when they sold me the car! We spent over 40k on a new Explorer with a damaged arm rest, scratch in the cup holder console, and sratches in the paint. Beware of this dealership...there is no follow up after you leave! You may want to think twice before purchasing a car here!
5 Ok, I never and I mean NEVER write a review, but I feel this is definitely review worthy. Ok, let's start first with walking into Glenn Jones an seeing someone more than willing to help me, Amanda Mashore greeted me and made sure I felt welcomed and more at ease (let's face it I was buying a car) but once I started talking to her I was very comfortable with what she had to say and offer, her customer service was great, she answered all of my questions and was more than willing to give me information when it seemed I had a question or was unsure about something. I am completely happy with my purchase and more happy after I talked with the ladies in the finance department, they definitely took care of me and made me feel like I was one of their friends. I would recommend Glenn Jones And their amazing Internet manager Amanda Mashore to anyone and everyone!
1 This place discriminates against hispanics and maybe other races, people who speak another language as their primary doesn't seem welcomed here. We were yelled at by a sales guy, told we couldn't speak spanish and we were rude for doing so. They were offensive and when we walked out so we wouldn't be verbally abused any longer, they yelled at us out the door, with my daughter there and everything. When I called to complain one manager told me basically we were liars and he's a member of the city council (whatever that has to do with anything.. hmmm. maybe a threat??)  and the one that is in charge that we were told we'd hear from hasn't called, hasn't emailed hasn't cared enough to do something. Through their silence they have accepted what happened to us, and basically they all have treated the same then by doing nothing about it.  Don't give them the time of day they don't treat people like they should. Obviously if this guy was comfortable enough to treat us like that, he knows he can get away with it, which means they probably treat others horribly as well.
5 Great experience, my first dealership car purchase, I will definitely tell my friends and family how nice everyone was to me and my grandmother. Thanks Rick!
5 Just had our A/C fixed and 50k mile service done.  Thanks to Brandon in the GM service dept.
5 Special thanks to Rats Towing and the service center at Glenn Jones Ford in Casa Grande!!!  My wife and I were participating in the Mustangs Across America 50th Drive #maa50thdrive, when my 1988 Ford Mustang 5.0L Coupe died on outskirts of Casa Grande.  I did my best to trouble-shoot it on roadside, but ultimately had to call for a tow and more advanced diagnostic help.  I want to give special recognition to Myron (service advisor) and Cory (master mechanic) for getting my wife and I back on the road in record time.  Turns out my ignition coil had fried itself along with my ignition box.    I cannot say enough good things about their customer service and responsiveness.  We caught up with the rest of the Mustangs in Las Cruces by nightfall thanks to their heroic service.  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=688108017919618&set=o.146159948872212&type=1
