5 Lots of yogurt flavors and the one's I sampled were delish!  Finally settled on a combination of chocolate and peanut butter and it tasted great.  Lots of toppings too, in fact you could easily get lost in them.  Service was very friendly, the place was clean, and it was pretty great being able to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the weather too.  Very nice!
5 Noticed the tenant improvement work a while back and was excited to see that a frozen yogurt place was going in as it makes a fun treat for the kids and I enjoy it as well.  On a trip to Safeway noticed that their sign had switched on to open and took the kids over that night.  Good selection of flazors and it looks like their rotational list on line has some promise.  They also make smoothies - which I did not try, but will have to.  Outdoor seating is pretty large and they have a really neat table for little ones.  The owners and staff were really friendly and the flazors we tried were really good and the toppings fresh and tasty.  We started a punch card, collected a 15% off your next visit coupon and learned that their grand opening is coming up on 3/16 and will feature additional promotions (I think BOGO)  Will definitely be spending a lot of additional time here.
5 I've been here twice so far and the staff is friendly and the yogurt is good. I think they have as many choices as Yogurtland and the prices are similar but most importantly right down the street from my house :) I'll definitely be here a lot this summer!
4 I've been here two more times since my last review but both times the yogurt I wanted was out! I guess that's either the really popular one and I'm unlucky or they didn't make enough. Staff is super friendly though and I still enjoyed coming here this visit (I wish they had raspberries as a topping though). My son loves picking different toppings and he gobbles it all right up. We will be back & hoping the yogurt I want isn't all gone!
3 Went on opening weekend and it was busy and clean. The owner looked a bit frazzled but he got everyone in and out and kept the place clean. Loved the waffle cone concept in the yogurt cups and the spoons were cute and bright.   Wish they had more variety in their flavors but it was opening week so maybe they will keep updating their flavors.  Great selection of toppings (so many to pick from).   Loved the little outdoor patio. Great for people watching some of the West Valley's families. Especially the ones that came in wearing pj's, house slippers others had kids running around screaming eating directly from the yogurt dispensers.   Hope they stay in business for a while. There are no other good froyo spots for that side of town.
4 Love, love, love this place.  They have a nice variety of fro-to flavors and toppings.    The only complaint I have is the lighting.  It's SO bright that it ruins the ambiance and, in my opinion, makes it unpleasant to eat indoors.  Therefore, I opt for the patio.
5 I like this place. It's clean the staff is helpful and they have a lot of toppings to choose from.  This was my first Time here I have no complaints.
5 We have driven past this place several times and we finally decided to give it a try. The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. We were offered cups for samples and they had several flavors to choose from. I had the white chocolate and it was delish! The prices were good too. I'm happy we stopped in and I'm defi Italy going to be coming back. They also have punch cards and double punch day on Tuesday!
1 This is one dream you will want to wake up from! The customer service was mediocre at best. Upon entering the establishment,we were handed two sample cups and told, "You can only use these once!" While I applaud the adherence to health code standards, I don't like to be greeted with commands. Also, if I can't reuse a sample cup, which I am fine with, how about you be a little less stingy and give me more sample cups when I ask for them.   The flavors of the day seemed fairly typical with a few exceptions, although both the chocolate and vanilla were out of order. What?! How can you have your two most popular flavors be out of order? I decided to try the chocolate chip cookie as it is a pretty unique flavor. Disgusting!  I tried the peanut butter next and at first taste, it seemed pretty good. I got a small amount and added some toppings. I will say this, there is quite a large variety of toppings. That is the ONE thing this place has going for it. My husband ended up just getting a bowl of toppings because he found the yogurt to be so unappealing.   At the checkout, we were asked if we had a punch card. I replied ,"no, not yet", but we weren't even offered one. I guess they don't really want the repeat business. At .42 an oz, I think this place is a bit of a rip-off, so I wouldn't be coming back anyway.  We sat down to "enjoy" our treat, and believe me, I use that term very loosely. After about three bites the peanut butter started to taste like caramel and the small amount of brownie that I added to my bowl hit my stomach like a rock! It's a miracle this place didn't give me diarrhea  TLDR: The yogurt is gross and the service isn't great. Go elsewhere for your yogurt fix.
2 "Meh, I've experienced better."  The service was good.  Lady was cordial and greeted us so kudos to her for that.  However, the yogurt itself was not that great and I have been to several froyo places.  The froyo here tastes kind of icy, like it's been there a while if you know what I mean.  Not the creamy-ish kind that I like (and presume how froyo "shoud" taste like).  Anyway, if I'm ever in the area and have a hankering for froyo, I perhaps will try again b'c service was decent but for the most part, I'd go to other froyo places that I enjoy more.
5 Holy guacamole this place is awesome! The cake batter flavor is amazing. The service was mathematical and extremely helpful. We went in for an afternoon snack, before continuing on our adventure, and found the atmosphere welcoming to all who enter.
5 Love this place! The best yogurt place we've tried so far. Their yogurt is creamy and smooth. Great flavors and toppings to choose from too. The place is clean and there is a nice outdoor seating area with misters to keep you cool.
5 I adore Dream Swirls. I've visited most of the frozen yogurt shops around, and Dreams Swirls is my favorite for several reasons:  1) Great selection of flavors. They are great about putting out seasonal stuff in both their machines and in the toppings bars. The machines are always working (I think I saw one not functioning, once, and the repair guy was there) and the toppings are kept stocked and neat. The pumpkin spice and graham cracker combo they have going on right now is fabulous.  2) Nice folks. I'm a regular here, coming in at least once a week. There's something cozy about walking in and having the employee say, "Hi! We've added in two new flavors since you were here last. Here are your sample cups."   Oh yeah, they are awesome about their sample cups. Other yogurt places are stingy or almost suspicious about the whole sample thing; it makes me sad, because I do see how customers can abuse the system to get freebies and run. Dream Swirls is nice about it all, though.  3) Perks. The punch cards are a great incentive though I do wish I could go there more often on double punch Tuesdays. Ah well! They also offer coupons in store sometimes and coupons can be found on the Valupak website or mailers.  4) Location. This is the only yogurt place for miles around. There's certainly not one closer to where I live in Buckeye. This ends up being a very convenient stop when I'm at Safeway next door.  5) Facebook involvement. Keeping up with the technology is a big deal for me. If I'm going someplace, I look up their menu and/or their Facebook page. Dream Swirls updates their Facebook regularly with special offers and with flavor updates (i.e. what is low, what's coming in, what the full line up is). More than once I have seen some new flavor that makes me eager to get in there and try it.
4 Took my wife and daughter here the other night for a treat and we were pleasantly surprised at how good it is. We normally drive across town to another place but this one is much closer and may be even better than the other one. Glad to have this place so close to home.
5 Dream swirls is pretty awesome! I like the toppings! Frozen yogurt and cookie dough how could it not be 5 stars!
5 Love the selection of yogurts, toppings, and the customer service is great! Friendly folks!
5 This is a great yogurt place. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. They have 8-10 flavors and a lot of toppings from candy pieces to fruit. We love going here and just hanging out. Ask for the punch card so you can earn free yogurt.
4 Great froyo. Their praline is wonderful.   Stopped by today and they are closed?  230pm on a Saturday with the spring training facilities in full swing?!?!?!?  Great selection of toppings. I would like to see the swap their flavors a bit more often.
5 If you want delicious yogurt, variety, and friendly service, COME HERE. Regulars get a punch card which can equal to free 5 oz of delicious sweet nectar that is yogurt. I love getting pistachio or cheesecake yogurt and putting more cheesecake bits on it. Devine!! I am sure all yogurt lovers will enjoy this establishment.
5 We love coming here for our yogurt fix! They have a variety of flavors almost every week plus toppings and sauces galore! Reasonable prices and very clean and friendly. :-)
5 Love this place! Everyone has been really nice and helpful,  especially when two young children come through the door. The kids love the selection.
5 Great yogurt and great service. We came down from EMR after learning that our local yogurt shop closed down. Anyway, it's unfortunate that some have left terrible reviews about this place. All these self proclaimed "foodies" nitpick at every little detail. Makes me sick. If you don't like something, don't come back. Simple.
