4 This is the Starbucks located on the 1st floor of the WP Carey School of Business at ASU. It's funny to think that we have our very own Starbucks, considering there is one in the MU which is the next building over. But when you need coffee, you need coffee!!   Always quick friendly service. Try to stop by at non-peak times. Sometimes the line can get all the way to the door.
4 This Starbucks is always a magnificent last minute Caramel Macchiato spot!! The lines here get crazy long, but don't let that stop you from getting your caffeine or tea dose!! There is always plenty of friendly and attentive staff at this spot, knowing that most students in line might be cranky and/or inpatient.  You can't say much about Starbucks, other than they pretty much have the queue and processing time management down!! Plus, they offer yummy treats, Ethos water, amazing green, passion and black tea, and a terrific Starbucks Gold Rewards Program!! :)            _   Way to go!!
1 This Starbucks is terrible. The wait is long which I do not mind being a patient person in this regard however after having waited so long in a line out the door you would expect a descent drink in compensation; this is not the case at all. Each time I've gone I have been disappointed with the quality of my orders. It is also frustrating when just about everyone after you in the line get their drinks before you and I can literally see the disarray and confusion on the employee's faces while they worked, not the place for me, these guys have really got to get their act together. The convenience of the location being right on campus is NOT worth going to with services like this.
1 Ever wonder how there is a line out the door but only one of the four employees bothers to work.  I've watched most of them text and chat behind the counter more than make tasty beverages.  Good location but no surprise again today after waiting almost 18 minutes to place my order.  Good Grief!
1 Of all the Starbucks I've been to, the ones on this campus are terrible and this Starbucks is the worst. The wait is long because in addition to a line out the door, the staff is completely uncoordinated and generally only one register is open with one person making drinks.   Another issue is the one person who IS making drinks is terrible at their job. A request for a splash of milk will result in half of the total volume of your drink being milk. To my knowledge, it is only at this location where 'splash' is equivalent to 'au lait.'   Finally, their prices are higher by 5 to 15% of actual Starbucks locations, and they do not utilize any of the green or gold card rewards - so you cannot get your free coffee or free refills as you can at all other locations.  To quote another yelp review, "The convenience of the location being right on campus is NOT worth going to with services like this." If I could give this location zero stars, I would.
