4 It seems like a long time since I have been to the Palms because everything has been changed or updated.  This change is the new casino middle bar called Social. It's very open and right in the middle of the casino floor so you can see almost everything that is going on.   We were just chilling and having a couple of drinks and since it was Sunday night, not that busy. I certainly see the potential the place has to be packed.   Pricing is normal for Las Vegas bars but it you are a guest (I guess depending on the package) they give you a couple 2 for 1 vouchers.   The Yelp Test: Would I Come Back?  Yes, to people watch.
5 Located inside The Palms Hotel Casino, smack in the center of the casino floor. this place has quite the selection of bourbon. The female bartenders wear a low cut black bustier as the uniform (thats for those of you who don't like Bourbon) My bartender, Veronica was not fooling around when she mixed my drink. So I say if you are in the Palms, stop in and have a drink or three. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3 The first day I was at the Palms I checked out Social and ordered a few drinks. The bartender was busy, but I didn't mind waiting. I had a drink coupon for 2-4-1 drinks. So of course I ordered a few drinks! The bartender made my drink how I wanted it was delicious!   The 2nd day that I was there my experience was horrible! I politely asked the bartender if she can make me a Ciroc berry, a splash of lime rosé, crushed strawberries and a sprite on the side. We had to repeat our drink order 3 times to her! When she made my drink it was disgusting! I couldn't taste any Ciroc berry all I taste was the lime rose! I had to crush my own strawberry. Then I had told her my drink was disgusting and she replied back "Im sorry my brain is fried". Okay? So your brain is fried and it caused you to not make my drink correctly? Then you shouldn't be a bartender!!  Anyways. So then she "fixed" my drink by pouring a crap load of simple syrup, which made it sweet! So I had to order a shot of Ciroc. I couldn't believe she wanted to charge me full price for the shot of Ciroc. If she hadn't messed up my drink order then it would've been okay. But my bf complained and asked to speak to the manager and she then replied "I have to charge you something I'm going to charge you $3 for that shot." While she took my credit card, I see her hand nervously shaking bad. Smh. If I'm ever at Social at the Palms I'll definitely NEVER go to the blonde again!
5 Attentive bartenders mix up delicious and inventive signature cocktails!  To start, friendly and professional bartender Veronica served us the Social Class and the Devil Went Down to Georgia (more like a bourbon mojito) and later, the very outgoing and equally engaging Martin poured us some nice glasses of chardonnay.  The bar seats were full and the atmosphere was fun, but mostly I liked having an expansive view of everything going on across the casino floor, including a blackjack table next door who were having a fabulous time.  Definitely a must visit while staying at Palms!
4 Went for a Jim Beam tasting that was posted in the Palms email newsletter. No one showed up to do the tasting, but a manager offered us comped drinks. This remodeled center bar used to have a somewhat tropical theme and is now an upscale whiskey bar.  The extensive menu includes some great drinks, and I had a fig infused whiskey served in a snifter with a huge round ice cube. This was a great drink and loved the presentation. I also tried a mojito type whiskey drink which was very refreshing.  We enjoyed the drinks and hope they will have the tasting sometime!
5 Was here about 5 pm - 7 pm on Fri/12 Jul, Sat/13 Jul and Sun/14 Jul: - My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/  (3 Day Pass) wristband which included some free drinks per night at Social. - Friendly staff, sometimes service was slow when they got busy (maybe too many people getting free drinks that time frame) - Their $20 "Social Misfit" drink includes a 6-oz "SOCIAL" engraved drink flask that you get to keep. - Cheap bottle service such as $75 for 375-ml Grey Goose (or $65 for 375-ml Ketel One), plus a 20% service charge. - Since Social is centrally located in the Palms casino pit it's great for people watching.   - Social is my favorite casino bar overall.  (I also enjoy the Rio's casino bars since as a local with a players card I get 25% off drinks).
4 The advantage of having a bar smack-dab in the middle of a casino? It makes for a great meeting spot when your friends are scattered about in a "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" style haze.   The Palms played it smart by putting Social where it is. Plus, if you're staying at the Palms, you'll likely get 2-for-1 drink coupons - that's when the party REALLY starts.   Remember, tip your bartenders well - they gotta wear those corsets all shift long.
3 During the fiancée and my two-night stay at the Palms, we twice ventured into Social, the Palms' newly refurbished casino bar found in the center of the gaming floor.  While many casino bars are pretty unremarkable, Social immediately appealed to us with its focus on whiskeys and a compelling list of whiskey-based cocktails.  Social has a modern look, great sightlines over the gaming floor, and has spared no expense in its upgrade by going as far set its drink menu on iPads.  Based on our two experiences at Social...  The Good:  Social offers a better than average selection of bourbons and ryes and a well-conceived list of cocktails.  The 46 & Barrel, a barrel aged cocktail made with cherry and fig infused Makers Mark 46, Carpano Antica Vermouth, and orange bitters ($14).  It was the best of breed in Socials' lineup.  Oh yeah, the bustier clad bartenders are friendly and attractive.  The Bad:  Bartender training and cocktail execution was wildly inconsistent.  I twice had The Outfit made with Templeton Prohibition rye, Borghetti Espresso Liqueur, and Carpano Antica ($14) and it was made differently both times...most likely it wasn't made, either time, the way it was originally conceived and instructed to the bar staff.  The Ugly:  No scotch to be found on the iPad or printed whiskey list.  Although Social did have some good scotch available (I saw several bottles on the shelf), but for some reason they neglected to list any of it on its printed or iPad version of its otherwise comprehensive list of whiskeys.  So, even if you didn't see a particular scotch you may have wanted to try on the shelf, they may have had it somewhere in the bar...not that you and potentially the bartenders would know, though.    Social does hold a lot of promise, especially for a casino bar, with its singular focus on whiskey and some great sounding cocktails.  However, it still has some way to go to clean up its inconsistencies in order to become the heart of Palms' social scene.
5 5 star margaritas...no sweet n sour.  They make them from scratch and if you're staying there, you get 2 for $12.  You just can't beat that.  We had 3 too many.
4 Cool lobby bar in Palms.  As I discovered, the theme of this bar is whiskey.  I found that there was a wide disparity in the ability of the bartenders.  A lovely young lady, Veronica, made a fantastic Old Fashioned.  Alas, none of her coworkers could do the same.  The house specialty drinks were good.  All-in-all an above average place to sit and have a cocktail.  Oh, and they don't have those in-counter poker/blackjack machines, which is a bonus for me.  I was staying at Palms, and despite it's shortcomings, this was my go-to bar.    (Ron Jeremy was there having a glass of red wine... if that means anything to you.)
3 The bar is in a great location within the Palms, so it is a great place to meet friends or people watch.  There are a lot of tables as well as seats at the bar.  The decor is cool and modern.  The staff is ok.  They are friendly when you order, but they do not seem good at speaking to the customers otherwise.  The drinks are affordable by Las Vegas standards, and they have a decent selection of quality drink options.
4 Overall a very nice Casino Bar. Nice selection of Whiskey. Friendly,  courteous staff and great people watching. Everything I ask for in a Casino Bar.
3 nice layout right in the middle of the casino floor, by the entrance/lobby. comfy chairs/booths. no video poker at this bar. just expensive drinks. gets crowded in the evening and is usually a meeting point for everyone if they're coming in or going out since it close to the cab stand. we'll be back if at the Palms again.
