3 I waited a long time whether to write a Yelp review of this place. While the experience wasn't entirely unpleasant, it wasn't really want I asked for and took way too long for my taste. As a result this Yelp review may take way too long for your taste. You've been warned.   I have received ART (Active Release Technique) over many doctors and many states. In layman's terms, it's muscle work/massage/physical therapy done before the chiropractic adjustment. It's really good for things like carpal tunnel, sore jaws/TMJ, tight hips, knee injuries (just a smattering of the things I've received ART for in the past) and other things that just aren't solved by anything else and you hate big pharma like I do. So anyway, I looked up what chiropractors in the area took my insurance and offered ART treatment and found that Dr. Dumler's office is right by where I take yoga classes so I gave it a shot. My hip/glute was in a lot of pain (still is, if you want the short version of this extremely long Yelp review), so I wanted to try something, anything to make it better.  I called and the person who answered the phone was, shall we say, less than stellar. I was greeted with "Alley Spine?" because she didn't wait to start talking until the phone was actually off the hook. The rest of the conversation went verbatim like this:  Me: I'd like to make an appointment with Dr. Dumler. Her: Okay when? Me: Um, tomorrow? Her: Okay we have 10:20, 10:40, 11:00. Me: I'll take the 10:20. Her: Name? Me: Blah blah. Her: Okay you're all set see you tomorrow at 10:20. Me: Well I've never been there before...does that matter? Her: Oh well yeah, I thought you said you had been here before. Okay you're gonna be here for about an hour and a half.  So that was weird.   I arrived at 10:07 the next day and wasn't seen until 10:45. I was in for initial diagnostic with Dr. Dumler, and then back to the X-Ray machine. Here's where the experience starts going downhill: Dr. Dumler took a call on his cell phone while giving me X-Rays. I mean I don't tend to care about this kind of thing, especially when I was going to get the pain relief I needed, so I wasn't bothered. But really, this is kind of rude especially with a new patient.   I got the X-Rays, had a consultation, and then went to this electrode machine that I've used before in physical therapy offices and other ART offices. This was on my hips, my main area of concern. Then I went back into the waiting room for a few minutes to have a 30 minute massage, also concentrating on my hips and slightly my knees, and then back to the waiting room.   The massage was particularly awkward because it was in the full fluorescent light with classic rock playing at a whisper. She did a good job on relieving some of the tension but it was not exactly what I was expecting.   Another stint in the waiting room before I finally saw Dr. Dumler. He took me back to do ART on my knees and then do the back adjustment. I had mentioned working on my hips while he was working on my knees, since, you know, that's why I was in there. He said we would work on the foundation first and then next week I would come back for work on my hips. That's when he lost me. He lost me again when he said to schedule appointments with his physical therapist to make my core stronger so that my hips and back won't hurt anymore. No thanks, I'm not going to schedule several more appointments when you didn't do what I asked for in the first place.   This would be a natural place to end the review, right? So wrong. Later that night at work, my knees started to feel like they were sunburned. It wasn't too big of pain so I mostly forgot about it. However, later that night when I was sleeping, my knees were on so much absolute FIRE that it woke me up. I took some Advil and coaxed myself back to sleep. It was like sunburn all the way down to my bones and I have never experienced that ever after an ART appointment.   Oh no, the saga is not over. The next day in a yoga class my knees were so sore and so burny that I had to leave class. It was like I had a parasite attaching itself to my knees and setting my muscles on fire.   If I hadn't decided not to go back before then, I definitely decided it the second time I had experienced this internal fire of the kneecaps.   Dr. Dumler is perfectly nice, but in the words of my good friend Jaime W., "We don't pay doctors to be nice. We pay them to do what we ask for." I just can't get behind paying this office again.
1 I'm going to have to agree with Molly T.  I wish I had read this review before I went the other day, because the exact same thing happened to me.  I arrived at Valley Spine more than 5 minutes before my appointment, even though I specifically asked the person on the phone if I needed to come early to fill out paperwork because I had never been there before.  She said that it didn't really matter.  Even so, I still arrived in plenty of time to fill out the 1 page paper they required.  None the less, even though I was early, the massage didn't begin until 1:12 and ended at 2:25.  I went to get a 90 minute massage, which is 80 minutes in actuality, but in Valley Spine's world, turned out to be 73.  I always look at the start and finish times of my massages, because a lot of massage therapists will try to cheat you out of some time if they don't know you.    I listed on my paperwork that I was there for a knot in my neck.  I told the massage therapist (Caesar) when he asked what I wanted to work on that I had a knot in my neck that had been there for about two weeks (and I also showed him where on my neck), and I wanted about 30 minutes on my neck and shoulders and the rest of the time as a full body massage.  Even though during this conversation he indicated that he understood, during the actual massage, he promptly ignored me.  He proceeded to give me a regular 73 minute full body massage.  Halfway through when I flipped over onto my front, I reminded him a second time verbally (a third if you count the paperwork) that I wanted to work on the knot in my neck.  He said he would, and that he always does the neck last.  So when he finally got to my neck, I was expecting him to work on the knot since I had already showed him where it was.  Well, he massaged my neck, but managed to skip the knot that was causing the reason for my visit, similar to what Molly had indicated in her review.  I don't know how you can massage someone's neck, which isn't a large body part, and yet still manage to miss a knot that big, especially since you have both written and verbal instructions that it requires attention.  After skipping the knot and completing his "thorough" massage of my neck, he went to start on my feet, so I asked him if we were getting close to the end of the massage if he could work on the knot in my neck, since this was the reason I came in.  So he went back to my neck and worked on the knot for a few minutes, and because that was the end of my time, minus the 7 minutes he subtracted, he skipped my feet entirely.    Needless to say, because he didn't work on my neck and shoulders for the 30 minutes like I asked, I left with the knot still in my neck.  Ironic, because again,  it was the ENTIRE reason I went to get the massage.  Additionally, he never once asked me about pressure or anything like that.  After about 15-20 minutes into the massage, I told him he could go deeper and use more pressure, but he didn't.  He's not big on giving you the massage you want, no matter how much you try to direct him.  If I were you, I'd go somewhere else.
5 I had the 90 minute therapeutic massage with Cesar, and he was great! He worked out all the tension with just the right amount of pressure. I will be going back! It is a clinic, not a spa, as is the ambiance. But I'd rather not pay extra for the spa experience, it's the hands that matter.
5 Dr. Norman has an excellent method of making my lower back feel good.  He has treated me on several occasions during the last 3 years and there is never any pressure for return visits. Come back when we can help you again!
5 As for a chiropractor standards this guy is on point.  I wish I could afford the regulator visits
1 The worst experience I have ever had. I arrived 15 min before my appt time and wasn't seen till 30 min after my appt was scheduled. The first part was the electrodes on the muscles which was good.  The next was the massage. Which was the worst massage I have ever had. I told the massage therapist that my issues were my neck and shoulder blades. She explained to me that she would work up from my butt, so that the muscles would be relaxed for my adjustment. I was ok with that.   She proceeded to do the massage from my butt up. It started out mediocre. Then she decides to work on my problem areas starting with my right shoulder blade. It consisted of her jamming her elbow as deep as she could into my shoulder blade and rubbing it as hard as she could that it made my toes curl and when I said ow! She appeared to try to go deeper.   This proceeded thru the rest of the 15 min. Of the massage.  I ended up with a migraine just from the massage   The dr was very nice but his adjustment wasn't very good he was only able to adjust one part of my back an one part of my neck this could be because my muscles were so tensed up from the abusive massage   I tried this place with a group on and will not be going back
5 Dr Denny is THE BEST, THEEEEE BEST, chiropractor I have EVER been to in my life. If they didn't sell me enough with his service and knowledge, the staff is friendly, efficient, professional and remembers me every time I come in. I had a back injury in 2010 and it made a lot of scar tissue surrounding the area, causing a lot of discomfort and pain. They used a shocking technique with a heating pad to relieve the tension in my muscles first, and then put you in a room with two of the sweetest Massage Therapists. I am always glad to see Jemaih, the lady with the nose piercing and tattoos. She is GREAT, very personable, and knows my injury so when I come back she works on where we left off.  The other massage therapists is wonderful as well and has great hands for those tough knots in your muscles! After the tension shock therapy, the massage you are in the office with Dr Denny-- always cracking a joke and asking about your day, family, job and life. He really genuinely cares about his clients. He shows me exercises for my back so it's not just a place to get worked on, it's for you to work together with the staff to get to your optimal health! Thank you so much for all your help Dr Denny and staff, living in pain is no longer a lifestyle! You guys rock!
5 Love this place, staff is great, appointments are simple. Dr. Dumler is easy to talk to and knows his stuff. I hurt my lower back a few months ago and I have to say, I am good as new. Everybody knows that lumbar pain is the worst. I would recommend him to everyone
