4 Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes, and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline very soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.  UPDATE - New Location is open!
5 Amazing, amazing, amazing! We love this place it's so worth the wait. Quality people and phenomenal food!
5 Great meal! The food here is fresh and "easy on the body" as mentioned on their website. I can see why Beaver's Choice food was chosen to be served at Nobel Prize Banquet.
5 Hope to go tonight and see the new menu and the new location.  It's going to be great and we can't wait!  Congratulations on the move to Baseline Rd in Mesa.  Tons more space.  Wishing you all much success on your next first day.
5 Love this so much that whenever anyone asks where I want my birthday dinner, this is it.  Went for lunch just after their grand opening. The new place is beautiful and you still get to see Hannah running the show.  The day we went, there were a few staff issues and then the computer went down. If you were there at the same time, fyi, this is not the way Beaver Choice runs, so don't let it stop you from returning.   I'm with Michael C., love the Swedish meatballs, my companion loves the chicken schnitzel.  I didn't see any anchovy laced burgers on the lunch menu this time - guess I'll just have to go back and check later!
2 Been to old location too and the food is good but just not worth the wait.  Waited for over an hour for our food, no one came to refill drinks,  said something to owner but  she didnt do much and spent time telling us why we had to wait so long.  Food was cold and they need to hire more staff, buysboys, waiter, ect.
2 I was so excited when the new location finally opened in Mesa.  I have been a loyal fan of Beaver Choice, and have highly recommended to all my friends to try it.  Tonight, I was extremely disappointed at the whole dining experience.   We had all placed our orders at the same time. The waitress indicated that the kitchen was behind and it will take about 5-10 minutes to put the ticket inside.  We agreed.  Another friend came after we just placed the order, sat over 20 minutes without any type of service (no water or even a menu).  She had to get up to ask for them.  I know you have expanded but might just need to hire more staff to help on weekends.  We all had to ask for refills many times.      After 1/2 hour of waiting, we noticed the tables around came after us got their food even few ate and left.  I felt it was a deja vu moment reminded me the very first time I visited in the Tempe location.  They had lost our ticket and we waited over an hour too. However, the owner came out to our table to apologize.    This time when the owner came around to chat, we mentioned we have not received our food and indicated that tables around already ate and left. By now, it's over an hour!   We are very patient people, others would have left by now.       The owner came back with our waitress showing us the time that the waitress placed our orders on the POS receipt.  We knew we had placed the orders way before time indicated on the receipt.  The owner kept telling us they prepare it freshly and will take time to cook.  Again, I was loyal customer so I should know how long a normal schnitzel takes.  Over 1 hour is just unacceptable!  I felt I was in the episode of Amy's Baking Company when the owner accused the customers they were wrong.  I know the owner here is not Amy and Sammy. The family working in this establishment are much better than that.   I really hope tonight was just an one-time incident.
2 Ok, I think I am going to be booed for this.  Yes, 2 stars!  I have heard so much great things about their food at the Tempe location.  Bummed when I finally had time they closed and was moving to the Mesa location.  So when L said they are open NOW, lets go I was drooling...  =)    The Mesa location is new, nice, and clean.  It was pretty roomy too.  Got there at 6:20pm, we had a reservation for 6 to 7 people at 6:30pm.  They tired to give us a table for 4, so we had to stress that we have 6 to 7 people.  They sat us in a corner table but it was only for 5.  We had to ask for 2 more chairs twice.  Service was very slow (snail speed).  Our other 3 people finally joined us around 6:40 and then 6:45pm.  We ordered drinks and app.  We got the poutine (french fries covered in cheese curds and gravy) not on the menu.  The drinks and the app came out quick.  Yum!  We munched and then she came back to take our order around 7:05pm.  She told us that the kitchen was backed up and was going to put our ticket in in 5 mins so all the dishes would come out together and hot.    Ok.  fast foward to 7:50pm.  The app was licked clean, drinks are empty, and we are straving.  After watching a few tables that came after us eat and left, we were feeling like did they lose our ticket?  We flagged the another server down to check because we have not see our server for the last 20 mins or more.  She told us our ticket is 4th  in line, but she couldn't tell us how much longer.  How did our ticket get push that far back?  Especially watch people that came after us get food.  The owner, she was making her rounds with the tables.  She came to ours and thought we were finished.  Oh NO, we have not received our food yet.  We told her we have been waiting for almost 1 hour.  I have proof, I have been bored and I was taking pictures and the time is stamped on them.  The owner came back from the kitchen with the POS receipt and said we didn't put in our order until 7:28pm.  OH NO, we gave our order to the server a little after 7pm, if she choose to sit on it for over 20 mins that is not my problem.  YOU JOKING?  The serve came back and told us I told you I was going to put your order in after 10 mins.  Oh no, you said 5 min.  Either way, ordered at 7:05 + 10 mins = 7:15pm not 7:28pm.  They blamed that it was that we were waiting for people.  So how in the heck did you get their orders if they were not here yet?  WHAT?  OK, now I am hungry and pissed.  It is 8;05pm now.  My butt can tell me how long I have been sitting.    At 8:19pm the food FINALLY got here.  And guess what?  Some of the orders were wrong; most of the food was on a cold plate with luke warm food; and then a food runner showed up with an extra plate of food.  OMG, what a cluster fxck!  We were scope sides of other's plates and trading food until we assembled something close to what we ordered.    We were finished eating and then the wait for the bills.  We all had our wallets out and were ready.  She dropped off the bills and we asked her for a box togo.  Nothing.  Then she came back to pick up the money & bills.  Took another 10 mins before the change is coming back.  Then the wait for the togo box starts.  We finally left at 9:05pm.  I am grouchy and my butt hurts from sitting so long (extra grouchy now).  I hate to give family establishments a bad review but my first expirence was just horrible!!!!  Maybe it was just a 1-off incident?
4 This new location is much bigger and better appointed than the previous one.  The interior is bright and has a variety of seating arrangements - booths, regular tables and chairs, and bar seating. I came at 1:30 pm so that the lunch crowd was mostly leaving, and one of the servers told me to seat myself anywhere I wanted. I ordered the chicken schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes as a side, and since 3 side salad choices also come with the meal, I got the beet salad, green beans, and broccoli. The food was excellent - just as it was in the previous location. Before coming here, I noted that one of the issues from some of the previous reviews is the long waiting time for groups. I timed the length of the wait to get my order; I got my food 20 minutes after I gave the order, which I think is not an unreasonable length of time to prepare the dinner combination I ordered. I also noticed that a family of 4 that came at about the same time I did also got their food at the same time I did. Note, though, that this was after the lunch rush. I guess it takes a longer time to prepare all the dishes ordered by larger groups of people, especially during the peak times of lunch and dinner. After lunch the restaurant closes at 2:30 and reopens for dinner at 5 pm.
1 I saw Beaver Choice profiled a long time ago on Eden Eats and always wanted to try it.  I was driving to work one day and drove right past the new place, and was so excited.  It is literally 3 minutes from my house and about 5 minutes from where I work.  Heck, I even emailed the owner to ask when it would be open.  And got a very nice email back too.    So last Saturday, me, my daughter and my friend went in and got seated right away.  The waiter was pretty good too.  Good start  We got the fries with cheese and gravy to start.  It was ok, but most importantly, fresh, and hot.  Then our dinner came, and it was a different story.    I got the stuffed chicken, mashed potatoes, salad and cole slaw.  My daughter got a hamburger, medium, and salad.  And my friend got meatballs, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  The mashed potatoes were cold.  My daughter's hamburger was well done, and the bun was ice cold.  The dressing on the salad was tasteless as well.  Not horrible, but definitely room for improvement.  So we have cold food and an incorrectly cooked meat.  But you know what the clencher was?  We called the owner over and told her the food was cold.  She didn't say a word, and walked away, never to return.  Didn't offer to reheat the food, maybe throw in a dessert, nothing.  But she was sure greeting people with hugs when they walked in the door, prior customers I think.   You'd think she'd work a little harder to keep new customers.  After all, wasn't that why she moved, to expand her business?  Guess what?  I live close, and also work at a very close and large office building.  We go out to lunch a lot.  You better believe I won't be back, and won't bring any of my friends and coworkers in either.   There's never an excuse for poor customer service, especially by the "OWNER" of the restaurant.  A waiter, usually nothing to lose.  The owner has everything to lose.  I hope she reads this.
5 I had never heard of this place until I saw their sign go up in my neighborhood.  I've never had Scandinavian cuisine before and was anxious to try it.  I got on their website and read some very excellent reviews from prestigious food critics, and having just had my first lunch there, I couldn't agree more.  Their new bistro has Swedish decor and everything is brand new.  Very nice atmosphere for dining.  The owner is adorably charming and she personally greeted us and spent time with all of the customers.  She was very hospitable and makes it a point to explain the origins of anything on the menu you have questions about.  The food was spectacular!  I had the Pork Schnitzel Cordon Bleu and my wife had the Salmon burger with Swedish Shrimp Salad.  Each dish came with a choice of 3 side salads and a side dish.  It sounds like a lot of food but the side portions are small and designed to give a nice variety to your palate.  I can't say enough about the quality of the food.  It tasted very homemade and you could tell that a lot of time goes into the preparation.  They also have a large selection of bottled European beers.  As we were leaving we overheard the owner (Hanna) say, "I'd rather have 20 happy customers than 100 unhappy customers."  I would encourage those who have given a bad review to give them another try in this new location.  Their menu is new and they are adding to it once the dishes are "perfected".  By the way, the owner was born in Poland, raised in Sweden, and spent many years in Montreal, Quebec.  The beaver is the national animal of Canada, hence the unusual name "Beaver Choice".
5 LOVE THIS PLACE! You walk in and are instantly greeted by the charming family. I was hesitant at first, but, my husband read good reviews on Yelp! Instantly, we fell in love with the food! EVERYTHING  is sooo flavorful. The schnitzel is AMAZING! This place deserves 6 stars in my book!
1 I ate at their Tempe location before they moved and had a good experience.  I was excited when they finally opened at their new location.  A friend and I went a few days after they opened and were looking forward to a nice meal.  We were prepared to be very patient because we knew that they were just opened and the staff were still learning.  It was a hot day outside and it felt stuffy inside, so we casually mentioned to our server that it felt warm inside the restaurant and maybe they could check the temperature.  Well, that is when the whole experience went downhill.  A minute later we heard the female owner speaking very loudly near the servers station that it was 76 degrees...it is 76 degrees, she kept loudly repeating that it was 76 degrees.  She then came over to our table and very rudely told us that the thermostat said 76 degrees, so why did we say it was warm?  We just simply said that it felt warm to us and she then proceeded to tell us that we should get up and go look at the thermostat.  It was an extremely off putting experience.  Her tone and demeanor was very unfriendly and we felt like we had been scolded by our grandmother.    In my opinion, the food here is a little pricey, but has tasted pretty good when we have eaten there before.  However, my friend and I both felt afterwards that it is not a place that we would ever go again because of the attitude and tone in which we were spoken to. It is a shame, but you can't treat people that way and expect them to come back.  I hope they read this review so they can learn from our experience and prevent further damage to their business reputation.
5 My wife and I enjoyed both our meals, the meatballs are amazing and ALL the sides are great as well.  Our waitress gave good advice on what to order and she was always there to refill our drinks.  The owner is a sweat heart and you can really tell she cares about her business.  I will be telling all my window cleaning customers to eat at Beaver Choice because good cooking is hard to find in Arizona.
4 My first foray into Scandinavian food and Beaver's Choice   They recently moved and after a 4 month wait they reopened to a newly remodeled place. The new place looks pretty great, I never visited the old location beyond peering at it from the outside but this place is a clear upgrade based on the aesthetics alone.   Food:  The poutine was ok, not amazing but decent. Wish they used better fries. (Hand cut would be better)  I had the Laxpudding and friend had the Kottbuller (Swedish Meatballs).  If your not a fan of dill and sour notes you might find the food here agreeable to your palate but it was nice contrast to my usual eatings.  The best part of the food here in my opinion was the three sides that accompany your meal. I had pickled beets, broccoli, and the house cole slaw. Get the beets! The beets are good.  Foods on the pricey side but finding Swedish food is hard in Arizona beyond an Ikea. Also talking with the fam as we waited for our takeout was great fun.   I'm guessing the poor reviews on service below can be attributed to people coming in during peak hours because my experience was quite different. (Also they make everything to order and look like their still adjusting to the size of their new restaurant from our conversation)
5 We went to the old location about 18 months ago, and after visiting their new home, it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Chef Hanna  upon arrival.  She is the sweetest and most passionate lady - and it's always an honor to have her prepare food for you.  We brought our appetite, and started with the small order of poutine - which is Canadian comfort food at it's best, eh?  Crispy fries with fresh cheese curds and delicious gravy peppered with parsley - it's just yum.  Then, for the main course, I had the cordon bleu and Angie ordered the schnitzel.  The side items are artfully prepared, I had couscous / potato and dill salad / beet salad for mine and they were spot on.  You can tell that everything is fresh, and no expense is spared in putting her passion on a plate.  It probably wasn't, but the food tasted better this time around, and I'm already excited to go back for the two items she promised: spaetzle and her Beaver Supreme dessert!
5 I used to visit them when they were on Broadway and it always took too long so even though the food was always amazing we stopped going because of the delays. now this new place is something completely different, very quick service and the food was just a amazing as it always has been. Beaver's choice make the best schnitzel I've had in the USA(other then my own ;-)) and I would recommend it to anybody with a need for healthy good nutritious food any day.
5 This place is the best! I've been a regular since their smaller Tempe location.  Delicious home made food. Everything they make comes from real ingredients - meat, veggies, etc. - no weird crap. It literally is like someone's mom cooked your food (and often someone's mom did make it - Hanna is the owner and matriarch of the nice family that owns it).   The new location is absolutely gorgeous - a great place for a nice meal.   They are warm and loving to their clientele. If you want a place that serves delicious food, great hospitality, gorgeous ambiance at a great price, go to Beaver Choice.   All the food is cooked to order. The one thing is that the service tends to be a little slower paced than lets say a place like APplebees or Chiles. But those places serve junk. High quality food takes just a bit longer and its worth the wait!   Go to Beaver Choice! Try the Schnitzel or Swedish Meatballs (or anything else on the menu). You won't regret it!!!!!
2 the food is great, the people are monsters.  i have loads to say about them, but its really not worth talking about.  i would suggest getting everything take out.
4 I have never had Scandanavian food. I had no clue what to expect. But I joined some of my fellow yelpers for the international supper club and boy am I glad I did. The food was fantastic. 5 stars all the way. The reason I still gave it 4 stars is that they seem to be experiencing some small growing pains and service is a little slow but they were very friendly and accomodating. I am sure they will get this worked out and it will be a 5 star experience soon! I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.  I had the Jaeger Schnitzel..? I am probably really spelling that wrong but it was so yummy. The sides were all really good as well. I had the dill potato salad...So much flavor. Tomato basil, saurkraut, and cole slaw were all really good as well. Great compliments to the meal. Everything that the other party members had looked good too.
4 I came here for the very first time for the 3rd get together of the International Supper Club UYE. I am told this is their new location. It just opened 3 weeks ago and it is very nice. Open and bright. Color changing lights under the bar. Cool pictures on the walls. Very nice glass tables.  I was one of the first to arrive in our group. I was going to hang out outside until more arrived but upon finding out there was a bar I hightailed it inside. I was going to order a beer but was a little dumbfounded by the beer selection. No beers on tap just all import beer. I like import beer and am willing to try new things but I had never heard of any of these beers and didn't know which one to pick. Plus my budget was a little tight so it was probably a good thing that I passed on it. Pretty soon others started to show up and when the majority of us were there they showed us to our table. Water, silverware and menus were pasted out and good conversations were started. Looking over the menu I again was at a lost as to what to get. I was told Schnitzel was the thing to have. Upon further study of the menu I see that the Chicken Cordon Bleu Schnitzel was toted as their signature dish. Well First time at a place you should try the signature dish so the decision was made. I also wanted to try the Poutine, french fries with brown gravy and cheese curds, but again the budget was tight. Something for next time.  Our waiter came out an introduced himself and he and another waitress helping out took the food orders. Each taking a side of the table. The owner's son also came out and introduced himself and gave us a little history of the place. He let us know if we had any questions about the food to ask him as most of the staff was new and didn't quite know all of the menu yet. After a little wait a few apps came out. Others had ordered the Poutine. I looked at it across the table jealously. The food took a little while to come out. It seemed longer with no bread or anything to munch on while waiting. Others have mentioned long waits for food with large groups and our group was 13 strong. But dishes started to come out slowly. Apparently each waitperson entered their orders in a different POS terminal and they were having problems with one of the terminals so one side of the tables orders came out first. It was not a big deal and my side of the table only had to wait a little while longer to get our food. The other side's food looked and smelled very good.  Finally my food came out. You get to choose 3 salad options and one side with each entree. I picked sauerkraut, garden salad, potato salad and french fries. Everything was very good. The garlic vinaigrette for the salad had a very good flavor and the mushroom gravy on top of the Schnitzel was the perfect accent. With a little sauerkraut mixed in it was even better. Even the fries were piping hot and dipped in the gravy were approaching divine. I give more credit to the gravy on that point.  The whole evening was very good. Everyone had a great time. Much thanks to Monica O. and Ursula D. for putting these UYEs together. There has not been a bad one yet. The owner even came out and introduced herself as well. With a bandage on her face from having a procedure the day before she was still at work hustling around. The staff and the owners were all very nice. I don't come over to this side of town much any more but I will definitely be back here. I only gave it 4 stars this time as they were still working out the bugs after just opening 3 week ago but with a local place you expect a few rough edges that is one of the reasons we like them. A future visit might bump it up to 5 stars. I can't wait to come back.
5 First time at the new location--been to the previous several times before.  What a contrast between the two locations.  The new one is so much larger and has a bar.  Our party of five arrived 45 minutes prior to closing.  We were merrily greeted, seated, and had our drink orders taken,  After exploring the menu we ordered the Polish Sampler, Stuffed Chicken, Pork Cordon Bleu, and Pork Jager Schnitzel.    We were all happy with our dishes and shared tastes with each other.  The plates were clean at the end.  We stayed nearly 30 minutes past closing yet the staff continued to be gracious and courteous.  As we left the owner stopped us and chatted as well as checking to see if we enjoyed our meal.  Going to Beaver Choice is like going to a relatives place to eat.  The staff treats us like family.  And the food portions are very generous.  Bring your appetite and enjoy the experience.
5 I love this place. Finally made it over to the new location, and things have only improved from before. The food is still amazing, home cooked and delicious. You can tell that a lot of time and care has been put into the dishes. I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered. The menu warns two particular dishes can take 45 minutes to prepare (Flying Jacob and Fish Bake in Caviar Sauce), but they are worth every minute of the wait. The prices, too, are even less than I'd expect to pay for such quality of food.  The new location brings a much larger dining space, and a liquor license. They have a unique selection of eastern European beers that you don't get to try just anywhere. We tried three different Polish beers and they were all quite tasty.  This place still maintains its personal touch. Hanna and her family (the owners) were still on site, circulating the dining room, talking to customers, answering a few of our questions about the origins of the dishes. You can tell how proud they are of their cuisine. I wish I lived closer so I could stop by more frequently!
4 A full count for tonight's UYE International Supper Club! It was my first time trying Beaver Choice and Scandanavian food, nothing better than an authentic local restaurant to do both. After much deliberation I went with their signature dish, Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, made with french crème brie cheese, smoked ham, and topped with a side of porcini mushroom gravy, melt in your mouth goodness. It came with 3 choices of salad and a side dish, such a deal and a party for the pallet. I had the green salad(plain but refreshing), tomato basil(burstng with flavor) and the beet salad (which I know doesn't sound delightful considering it's beets) it was blended in a cream and was almost like having a tangy dessert, loved it! For my side dish I chose the savory pan fried potatoes with thyme, yum! I appreciated that two of the owners came to out to offer their assistance on answering any questions, and asked for ways they could improve, a nice personable touch and all the more reason to enjoy eating local. Great food and service! I'll be back, I still need to try the bacon and goat stuffed chicken, and let's not forget dessert!!!
4 I came here with the ISC crew and I ended up liking the place a lot more than I expected to. The new location is clean and bright (maybe too bright, they need to add some blinds to block the afternoon sun!) and very cheerful. Our service was good... there were a few mix-ups but that is expected with a large party.  The best part was the food. I got the Polish sampler and I couldn't believe how much food I got. Stuffed cabbage (golumpkis) and a few perogis plus the main attraction, either bratwurst or kielbasa) along with three veggie side (aka salad) choices and one starch. The portions of each of the veggie sides were fairly small but if there is something you really like you can double (or triple) up. For me, I wanted to try as many as possible so I got a variety. Pickled beets, green bean salad, tomato salad and Rosti (potato pancake). I know that for those of you who don't regularly eat Eastern European food some of these items may not sound so appealing but believe me when I tell you they were all delicious. My husband got the pork Schnitzel with the beef and mushroom gravy (Jagerschnitzel) and he was even more happy with his meal. Pretty much everyone at the table was remarking on how  good the food was and how much you got for your money.  Fortunately this place is not to far away from my home so I definitely will return!
4 Went to Beaver Choice with the International Supper Club UYE on a wed evening, this was the place that was picked. I was very excited to try them out, heard a lot of good things from friends so I wanted to find out for myself.  I was given the heads up to make sure to call our reservations in early, that they need time to set up and prepare for parties, so I calld a week in advanced and let them know that I needed a reservation for a party of 15 for Wed at 6:30pm, they seemed a little hesitant so I wasn't sure how the night was going to go when we got there.  We showed up Wed and everything was set up perfectly, Chris, the owners son, showed us where our table was, and was very helpful throughout the entire evening.   Since I'm watching my calories (who does that when dinning on great food!!!) and my budget (why wasn't I just born a billionaire???)  I asked my best friend if she was up to splitting a dish with me, and she said yes! Perfect!  So we decided on the Schnitzel Cordon Bleu- it was a flatted out chicken breast with smoked ham, imported French crème brie cheese (heaven!!!!) and this delish mushroom gravy, we also had to pick out 3 side salads, and we went with tomato basil, green salad and my best friend was dead set on having the beet salad, she doesn't put her foot down often but that night it was beet salad, and I was thinking OMG that stuff is all yours, who eats beets! haha and with it was pan fried thyme potatoes.  Our food came out, and they even gave us an extra plate, the dish looked amazing, when I got to taste the chicken cordon bleu, I was upset that I didn't just order the dish for myself, so tasty!  But I have to say even though I was not feeling the beet salad, that stuff was amazing, I can't even describe it, it was light, creamy, tad bit sweet. Who would have known!  Though we were there for a while, I wouldn't really say service was slow. Chris told us that they have only been in the new place for 3 weeks and at their old place in Tempe it was just him and his parents who waited tables & cooked; now they have a staff and they are all learning everything together. So I'm excited to come back in a few months to see how they are doing!  Great choice for the International Supper Club UYE to have picked! Enjoyed everything and hope to be back soon!
2 I had high hopes for this place, and did not get what I was hoping for.  Service was very slow, they were out of what I ordered, and the prices were VERY high.  Food was just OK, nothing to rave about.  Very odd place.
4 Very cool little place. I'd never been to the old location, but this one has a good number of tables and boothes, a tiny bar w/ seating, and a small patio.  I came here w/ a large group and they were very accommodating, even when it came to split checks!  Theres nothing like starting out a meal by sharing some Quebec poutine w/ your Wonder Twin... Get your minds out of the gutter, kids! Quebec poutine is what they call their fries that come smothered in cheese curds and gravy. Delicious.  I also had the Polish sampler. You get a choice of 3 salads (dont worry, theyre tiny), the choice of a woodsmoked sausage or bratwurst, 3 pierogies, and a cabbage roll. I  grew up on this type of meal, so I was very interested to see if it was "done right". I.E. just like my cousins Nana used to make (she was straight off the boat).  The salads were great. I opted for the tomato basil, potato, and green. The patato was by far some of the best Ive had outside of a cookout. The pierogies were good, and Im usually not a fan of pan fried pierogies. I got 2 cheese and potato and one cabbage mix. Even the golumpki (actually what a cabbage roll is called) was good. I grew up hating these, but the meat filling in this one was a very nic compliment to the not overly cooked cabbage on the outside. My Mom would be so proud that I ate the whole thing, though I didnt entirely care for the sauce they smothered it in. That sauce and my sausage being overdone are the only reason I gave this place 4 and not 5 stars.  I'd definitely recommend this place if youre a fan of old world comfort food. Gero apetito!
4 OK if you can believe it ,we finally made it here and they were open. It was a Friday night and we called before coming, just to make sure that they would be open. If you read my reviews you know that i had gone to the one in Tempe 3x's and every time they were closed.  Anyway, here we are. If we did not know what we were looking for we never would of found it.   It is located in a very strange shopping center. So it is not like you would just be driving by and say ,hey let's stop here ,there is a great looking place to eat.  Well, we were seated right away and then we sat. We sat for a very long time. They were quite busy. But, they only had 2 Servers. Plus one bus person. It was clear they were very overwhelmed.  They need at least 4 servers and The Bartender should help a bit I think. He was just standing behind the bar doing a whole lot of nothing while everyone else seemed to be working hard.  It is decorated nicely. We modern Europe for sure. One of the bus girls that came later explanied some of the terms on the menu ,which we were not familar with and then so did the waiter. Luckily we had ordered an appitizer or we would of starved for sure. 45 min it took to get our meals.  We had to flag someone down several times to get drink refills. Other wise we were just sitting there with no food and no drink.  I think the owner should of been going around doing everyones drinks or something. She was going around talking to guests. But, she should be an active part of the serving process as well. When you see your staff is falling behind, you have to help them.  When the food did come out it was fantastic! I mean truly fantastic. So that is why I am giving them 4 stars. I would eat there again because, great food is the only reason.  Please get more help. You need more people working there.  Bathrooms are nice and clean, and there is lots of parking in the lot.  If you bring childern with you, make sure you bring them something to eat and  something to do while they wait for there food.
4 My daughter has been bragging about this restaurant and I did not know what to expect. I have never had anything on this menu so I ordered the cordon bleu which was reccommended to me by my daughter. I was very pleasantly surprised. The chicken was moist, very flavorful, and really different from anything I have ever had in a good way! The sides are plentiful and they have some really great selections. My favorite sides were the coleslaw, dill potato salad, and saurkraut. Service was good, the place wasn't very busy though at lunch. Food came out quickly and was nice and hot.   The server kept our drink refilled and was very friendly. This is going to be a new favorite of mine I can see!
5 A lot of my friends had been talking about this place! So, my boyfriend and I tried it. The waitress/ hostess was awesome! She was very helpful with questions and attentive. I got the chicken Schinzel cordon bleu on a bun. It was great. I've never had Scandinavian/polish food. I would definitely go again!
3 They nailed exactly what they are trying to do hear with Scandinavian food. Problem is that it's not the right genre for me. Poutine was lights out though.
3 I wouldn't say Scandinavian is close to the top of my list of dining choices. So please, take this with a grain of salt. The dinner meals were about $15 each ($20 with tax and tip). This certainly surpasses the upper end of what I like to spend on a casual meal. Add a drink to that and you're headed to low $20+. The meals are larger than one person needs - but not quite large enough for two; the wife and I shared, but both left a bit hungry.  Everyone in the family appears to be lending a hand somewhere here, managing, serving, cooking, seating, and so on. The food itself I found to be done well enough and everyone there made you feel welcome and appreciated, like a member of their own family. I couldn't be happier with the service itself, and again, I wouldn't consider myself an aficionado when it comes to Scandinavian, but just about everything on the menu was fried, potatoes, or fried potatoes, so dieters beware. With that nugget of wisdom, I'd have preferred something not quite as fried.  Happy Yelping Phoenix. (err Tempe)
3 I went to Beaver Choice when it was in its Tempe location and today decided to take my mother to the new location in Mesa. The new place is beautifully decorated and Beaver Choice is no longer the dive of yore. Every time I've been I've found the staff friendly and attentive. The fact that it's a family owned and operated establishment is not lost on me.   Today's problem was partially my fault. The waitress described the pierogi plate to me, so I assumed it was one of their lunch specials. I ordered the dish, opting for half mushroom/kraut, and half cheese/potato, with the beet salad,  spinach salad, and green bean salad. My Mom chose peas off of their salad list, assuming it was a pea salad.  The pierogis were tiny. I enjoyed my salads, but my spinach salad contained no spinach and was instead mixed greens. What mom though was going to be pea salad was merely cold peas. She told me they tasted like someone had allowed peas to that in the fridge and then served them. She offered to let me try them, but I declined. The sauerkraut was also lackluster and may have been canned.  I would say that the biggest disappointment was the check. We both felt that 13.95 was a bit much to charge for this dish. I admit this was my fault, as I should have asked the price. The next time I go for lunch I'll stick to the sandwich menu.  I've been on other occasions and really do like the schnitzel and stuffed cabbage.
5 The owners could not be more happy to ensure a good dining experience. As they just moved in the last few months to the location off Baseline Rd, they are working out how to serve a larger crowd. I went last night and boy the food was as good as it gets. My husband and Ihad the Herring plate, Captain's fish, Holsteiner schnitzel and crepes for desert. You just can't get this anywhere else; I did drive from Tucson to check them out. If only I could because my food although did take some time getting to the table, was so good we ordered the Herring plate after our meals came out, because the food disappeared and we were still hungry. I really want to try the Flying Jacob dish, but with a notice that it will take 45 minutes to prepare, I need to find just the right timing as I have to drive home after an hour and 45 minutes. We started eating ordering at 730 so it was too late to invest in that dish.....but how i'm now wishing.......Check out Beaver Choice, the owner Hanna likely will greet you,chat with you, and let you know she's personally going to make sure you get good plates of authentic Scandinavian fare that meet her standards.
3 Glad we went. The food was tasty albeit a tad boring for my spicy palate.  It was nice to have muliple side dishes to choose from. The restaurant is very nice in yet another unassuming strip mall. We were pleasantly surprised.  Kuddos for a family run business!
5 Five of us went last night to check out the new location.  It's spacious, bright and cheerful.  The food, as usual, was exceptional!  Two of us had the pork schnitzel, one had the chicken Codon Blue schnitzel, one had the Swedish meatballs and the other not-so-adventurous eater had the Angus burger.  We tried many different sides and salads including cole slaw, marinated green beans, beet salad, potato salad, dill mashed potatoes and pan-fried potatoes.  Everyone had fun trying each other's .  All were delicious!!  For dessert we shared two orders of apple strudel--amazing!!   I also enjoyed a L:ithuanian beer that was recommended by our waiter.  Speaking of our waiter, he helped to make a great night even better with attentive service and sense of humor!  The owner was friendly and funny and welcoming.  We can't wait to go back!!
1 HORRIBLE......price, service, food, experience.  WILL NEVER RETURN.   The doors were unlocked and there were people in there eating.  Then the owner came out of the back and said we are closed until 5 pm.  It was 4:30.  I guess proof that the service is horrible and slow was that lunch ends at 2 and they are closed from 2-5 but the couple at the table was still there eating.  Anyways they did let us come in and they offered us a glass of water...that took 15 minutes to get to the table.  When a server finally arrived through the front door all sweaty, he came to bring us menus.  Now it is 5:15. He brought us water and then started to take it away because we already had some, we asked him if we could keep it and it was a good thing we did as he never came back to refill glasses.  He never asked if we wanted anything else to drink and we were going to order a new kind of beer.  We ordered.  It was. 40 minutes before the first plate came and we had no silverware....when we asked the server said, no I gave you flatware already, really? do you see any here? another 10 minutes before the second plate came out and it was cold and was sent back.  There was a bone chip in the sausage.  At each table you could here the servers saying they were out of pierogies and then they were out of baklava, then they were out of......the owner lady started chatting at tables and told everyone she was out of pierogies because she only makes them on Tuesday her prep day..it was Friday.   So all the food must be leftover if she only preps on Tuesday.  VERY DISAPPOINTED, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.  my one star rating is one star too much, but the lowest score you can give..
5 As a former customer of the Tempe location we finally stopped at the new location in Mesa. First impressions are always important and we were blown away with the décor .It's simply spectacular.  If you had the opportunity to dine in the Tempe location you must go to the new one. Talk about night and day!  Great new menu with an amazing beer and wine list too. The bar area is awesome and the barmaid was very nice and informative.   Susie our server was outstanding and covered the specials and was very knowledgeable about the menu. She was very friendly too. Great addition to the staff.   I finally had the time to try the Flying Jacob entrée and it didn't disappoint one bit. My Polish wife enjoyed the stuffed cabbage. Everything was great! Food was prepared in very reasonable time and presented beautifully.  With all the sides we waddled out with bags of leftovers and a smile on our face.  Last but not least Hanna, Chris, and her family are still the same sweethearts that they were before. They just beam with pride over the new location and should.  Try it you will be thrilled as we were.
5 You can find my review from my first visit under their first location. For some reason the reviews did not follow, so here is the "update".  Food - As good as it gets. From the Poutine to the Cabbage Rolls, and ending with the French Press Coffee and Strawberry Crepes. Everything I have had feels authentic, tastes amazing, and the family that runs the place is flawless. Hanna Gabrielsson is your mother away from home. She greets you with the most warmth and love of any restaurant owner I've met.  I stand by my original review which I'm going to paste below. The new place is beautiful. The location, size, and staff are par with the atmosphere Beaver Choice has created. I drive over 30 miles each way to eat here, and I will make that drive over and over again. I will do it for the family, for the fun, but mostly FOR THE FOOD. Original review below.  "I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven! The staff A+ The food A+ The fun A+"  Cheers and eat to love, and love to eat!
4 Dam, I ate at the Beaver and it was very good! I liked it! I liked it! You just don't get Gravlax or Scandinavian Food anywhere except for cruise ships and Ikea but here you can get real fresh gravlax thats moist, rich and not too sweet and made just right, tasty with dill and a yummy mustard sauce with it. My super generous plate came with three sides and made with Hanna's own pickled beets that were sauced with rich sour cream. The cole slaw is very fresh, sliced nice and thin and seasoned with fresh dill. The tomato salad is very flavor packed with lots of fresh basil. The food was all flavorful and seasoned very nicely. I remember really liking the rosti from the old Tempe location but was disappointed with the rosti from this new Mesa location as it might have been purchased from Ikea as it had that McDonald's hash brown taste to it but I do note the Mashed potatoes and the dill potatoes looked Excellent and I was sorry I didn't order one of them instead of the rosti.  My husband tried the stuffed chicken breast. It was boneless and very moist. It was prepared very well. One of his side was the green bean salad and it was just like everybody's Mom's green bean salad made with those canned green beans.  The house made desserts do differ from the old Tempe location as the Beaver Balls and other baked desserts are gone and I remember they were very good.  We tried the Swedish Crepe with lingonberries. It was good I liked the not too sweet taste of the lingonberries and reminds me of my lingonberry shrubs from my old house that I planted. The crepe was good but the ice cream was too dense and too sweet for my taste.  You get a warm fuzzy feeling dining here as Hanna, her son and daughter are so friendly. They make you feel very welcomed.  This is one of the best family run businesses that you can go too! When you visit Ikea you should think about stopping here!
4 I finally checked out the new location for Beavers Choice and it was awesome. They have a larger dining room and a new bar with an excellent selection of beer. Upon arrival the friendly staff greeted me and I sat at their beautiful bar. I ordered a Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc with my chicken schnitzel lunch. it was even better than the last time I had it at their last location. A really good tomato basil salad accompanied my meal on the side and It was to die for. It was a pleasant experience and I will be back for more. Beaver on!!
5 5 stars for food.  5 stars for service.  5 stars for cleanliness & speediness!  My Gram and I decided to eat here since she is a fan of Scandinavian food.  This place is KILLER good.  I literally had to hand my fork & knife over to my Gram because, while I was totally stuffed from the lunch portion of Jager Schnitzel, I was ready to shovel every last bit into my mouth.  The coleslaw, potato salad, thyme potatoes, green bean salad, Hash were all PERFECT.  The green tea was perfect!  The service was perfect!   The (literally) second we walked in the door we were happily greeted and when we mentioned that my Gram couldn't have gluten or dairy he immediately called over his mom to discuss choices.  Turns out, she can have pretty much anything because they will cook it to order!  (And she could even get a gluten free beer!!)  (Can you tell we left totally happy?)
5 The new location is classy, clean & well appointed... but don't expect any high-brow here, only friendly service and comfortable, FRESH food.  I had the Cordon Bleu Pork Schnitzel sandwich and the dill-mashed potatoes, and the only sandwich in the Valley that compares (if you are lucky enough to have had it) is the Chicken Fried Steak sandwich @ Tex-AZ Grill,  up a bit further in the North Valley.  Don't forget to try a "little" dessert (take it to go, trust me) and maybe a shot of Polish Honey-infused Vodka... Holy SCANDANAVIAN COW!
4 If you're in the mood for a culinary adventure, this is a worthy destination.  They have an extensive beer menu (mostly Eastern European) as well as numerous cocktails.   The poutine is good.  I don't know that it's the best poutine I've ever had but it's good.  The gravy tastes a bit cheap so perhaps that's my hangup about it.  The chicken schnitzel is divine.  Well prepared with a tasty sauce.  The potato salad is also some of the best I've had anywhere.  I'm not so much a fan of the green been or basil/tomato salads.  The rosti is delicious.    It's clearly a family owned restaurant that is run with care and that alone makes me want to return.
4 I'm giving my first visit 4 stars because there were some issues. I won't go into detail about them because the staff was so apologetic and sweet and it was our waitresses first hour. Hanna made sure that we felt welcome, like family and we are already talking about when to go back.  I will say that i wasn't a fan of the Poutine but other than that the food was AWESOME. I felt like my Polish grandma was cooking for me. Brilliant!
5 The food is delicious (comfort food,) the owners and their son are tremendously kind, and the restaurant is clean and comfortable.    Go to Beaver Choice to relax; this isn't Olive Garden folks, they're not looking to get you in and out in under an hour.  So if you're looking for fast food, go to Wendy's.
4 Some immediate observations...  Food...good People...nice Service...uneven at best  I ordered a TUNBRÖDSRULLE which is advertised as the king of Swedish street food.  I saw Tony Bourdain eat one of these things on TV once and I put it on my list of things to do.  First, you should note this is certainly the only place in AZ where you can get a TUNBRÖDSRULLE and quite possibly the only place you can get one for several hundred miles in any direction.  So if nothing else they have the market cornered on TUNBRÖDSRULLE.  So you ask...what's a TUNBRÖDSRULLE?  Well, it's served with mashed potatoes, one or two sausages, salad, tomatoes and räksallad (shrimp salad) all wrapped in a soft thin tortilla bread and covered with a thousand island like sauce.  For the most part it tastes about like it sounds.  It wasn't bad, but to be sure its one more thing checked off my bucket list.  As a side note, if there was shrimp salad in the thing I couldn't detect it.    Also ordered  the Jagar Schnitzle with fried potatoes.  It was actually quite good.  On an aside, I forgot how much Scandinavian food uses dill.  I'll be belching this meal for quite a while.  Overall a place I'd do again although I've sworn off TUNBRÖDSRULLE and will probably be a little more mindful of my dill intake in the future.  Somewhere between a  3.5 and a 4 but I'll round up for this one.
4 Polish culture always have great taste in furnishing comfortable atmosphere. This place says a sleek all the way. Inside or outside the place is roomy, great for family invites. Polish country know their vodka and this place has a bar that has pulsating cool color changing lights, good to mention polish ladies carry them self well. Fast service and the food came out fast. I ordered the cordon-blue, salmon burger, and a bunch of sides but no pierogies (none till next week...?) I enjoyed the food but have no credit due to my knowledge polish/Swedish food.
5 Our first time in. We weren't sure what we'd get, but when we saw in other reviews that they  had schnitzel we thought we'll give them a try. So glad we did!  Place is clean, waitress very friendly. But mostly ~ the food was awesome! Schnitzel's come w/ your choice of three side 'salads' and your choice of starch side.  I had the pickled beets, sauerkraut and potato salad for my three sides, with the dill whipped potatoes as a starch. The schnitzels came in lunch size and dinner size. I ordered the Cordon Bleu Pork schnitzel. How they got the ham and cheese inside that pork steak is a great question, but they did and it was awesome. Hubby had the Jagar Schnitzel and let me taste his, as great as mine was. The owner came out while we were there and went to most tables to stop in and say hi, I think she knew just about all of them! Having been to Germany and had Schnitzel made right, I was thinking i'd have to go back to Germany to find anywhere that would make them that good. I'm happy I've found this place, much cheaper than plane tickets! I recommend.
5 It was late July in Lucerne, Switzerland.  We were caravanning (camping) through Europe and on this day, we had landed on the shore of Lake Lucerne.  We walked up and down the lakefront, enjoying the beautiful weather and the excitement of being in a foreign land.  We decided to have dinner on the patio at a local restaurant, and not being able to speak a lick of the various languages spoken here, we did the best we could struggling with hand-gestures and broken, poorly-spoken German from our translation guide.  We eventually got a menu written in English with grammar that would make Engrish.com proud.   What does this have to do with Beaver Choice, you ask?  Great question.  I was drawn back to that day in Lucerne today as I perused the menu of Beaver Choice.  With a variety of Schnitzels, accompanied by a myriad of choose your own side dishes, I remembered fondly the cuisine of this wonderful town.  Yeah, okay, no, Beaver Choice is not Swiss.  It's a heady mixture of Scandanavian/Polish dishes with descriptions that defy grammatical structure, but nonetheless, describe the delicious dishes to perfection.  I chose a Chicken Cordon Blue, a chicken breast pounded thin, with a savory slice of Black Forest Ham and a creamy Brie layered within.  This was all breaded and fried to perfection.  Served with a side of Porcini mushroom sauce, I have to pause here to tell you this.  I hate mushrooms.  With a passion.  To me they are disgusting, fungal creations that remind me of, well, nevermind.  I ordered the sauce on the side.  The friendly and accommodating waitress advised me that is how it comes.  wonderful.  this dish comes with three salads, your choice, selected from a laundry-list, I went with a cole slaw, green salad and tomato/basil.  It also comes with a side.  I ordered the Rosti.  this is essentially a potato-pancake, but done at Beaver Choice, it is a golden-brown fried creation that melts in your mouth as it dances on your tongue.     I dipped my fork into the Porcini mushroom sauce to taste it, and behold, despite my aversion to mushrooms, this stuff is delicious.  I slathered it on my chicken and spread some on the Rosti for good measure - making sure to avoid the chunky mushroom chunks.  Seriously, this sauce is delicious.  Our meal was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient and everything was delicious.    The salads were fresh and crisp, the slaw was slightly tangy with wispy thin shreds of cabbage, the green salad with a tasty, buttermilk-based Ranch Dressing leaves you wanting more.  The tomato/basil, made with fresh Roma tomatoes, basil, onion and a dash of Basalmic vinegar was a perfect accompaniment to the richness of the Cordon Blue.    There is a separate Beer menu, about five pages listing obscure European beers that would go perfectly with a dinner I am sure.  Be forewarned, the prices are a bit on the high-side, and if you are expecting a quick lunch for less than twenty, you might be disappointed with the price.  but not the food, nor the quantities.   Will I return?  you betcha.  First chance I get to go back, I'm there.  There were too many other Scandanavian/Polish dishes to choose from, so it's gonna require several visits to eat through this menu.  And eat through it I will!
5 Last night the good and the STAFF were both awesome.  Would give this place ten stars if possible.   You definitely should give this place your appetite,  you will be thrilled you did!
3 I'm always game for a culinary adventure and trying a new restaurant. Today, I ventured to Beaver Choice for a friend's birthday and received a full orientation to the Scandinavian, Polish, and Canadian dishes on the menu. My friend has been a loyal customer of this family-run restaurant for sometime now and she received a warm greeting from the owner, Hanna, when she arrived. Hanna was busy in the kitchen making a fresh batch of pierogi and you can tell she pours her heart into the food and greeting her guests.   For the first time visitors in our party, the birthday girl recommended "anything with the word schnitzel or the meatballs" and the beat salad, homemade coleslaw, and marinated green bean salad. I ordered the the Chicken Schnitzel with the porcini mushroom sauce, which came with 3 side salads and a side for $14.95 on the dinner menu. The chicken was moist but the schnitzel didn't have much flavor on its own and I didn't much care for the porcini mushroom gravy. I love porcini mushrooms and others seemed to like the gravy, but it just didn't do it for me. Maybe I would have been better off with the JÄGAR SCHNITZEL and the roast beef gravy? For my side, I ordered the Rösti (fried potato pancake) which was a little overly fried for my liking. The three side salads, however, were DELICIOUS! The homemade coleslaw was dressed in a light vinaigrette which was refreshing and delicious. The potato salad had a nice dill flavor and the marinated green bean salad tasted fresh (not out of a can).   The food at Beaver Choice was good, but admittedly I'm not a HUGE fan of this type of cuisine and it was just a little bit heavier of a meal and more fried food than I'm used to. The restaurant does offer a friendly atmosphere and the salmon burger that my neighbor ordered looked quite appetizing so I may just have to return to try the other offerings!
1 we have been wanting to eat here for quite a while and today we finally made it. We should have kept waiting. My wife had the schnitzel and I had the lox. Hers was just a slab of breaded chicken with what taste like canned mushroom soup. My lox, well I had 1 bite and that was all it took. It tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago and left in the fridge. Now taste is subjective and I realize that. What made sure I will NEVER go back to try something else is when we told the server I didn't care for the fish she  (eventually) took the plate away and charged for it anyway! If you're looking for something a little different I would strongly suggest you pass on this place.
2 Let me start out by saying, that I loved my food. Let me also start out by saying that our table waited so long for our food that I am pretty sure I would've eaten my own eye if you'd served it to me. Walking in to the restaurant, we were roundly ignored by the staff and left to stand in the middle of the restaurant and look pitiful. AWKWARD! When we were finally seated, it took 1/2 an hour to receive water. Another 10 to get menus. Another 20 to order, then the pacing of the meal when we finally got our food was weird. Our server was incredibly odd and vacillated between incredibly intrusive and absolutely dismissive. It took one of our friends almost a full 20 minutes after we received our food to get her beer.  However, the food really was good. We ordered poutine and it was delicious. However, our waiter insisted on correcting our pronunciation of "poutine".   Me- "I'd like a small poo-tin, please" Him- " You mean, the POOOTEEN?"  Actually, I speak French and it's not POOOTEEN. Even if it was, don't be a pretentious butthead.   At any rate, great food but the service needs A LOT of work. But I will be back, if only for the POOTEEN.
2 Well, I had an experience very similar to reviewer Kelly C.'s. In a nutshell, the food was a joke, service was spotty, menu was inconsistent and the owner was a douche.  Here's the long story:  The wife and I drove by this place a week ago and were intrigued by the name and the Scandinavian cuisine, so we decided we'd go. We looked online at the menu choices, things seemed interesting but we didn't memorize it or anything. Well, we should have, as their table menus (printed on regular 8.5x11 paper) had very little description of all the oddly-named Scandinavian dishes; so, we had to trouble the waitress to describe them.  After all that, we ordered. I got some weird-named dish which was basically shepherd's pie and the wife ordered gravlax (kinda like salmon sheets). After ordering, I had forgotten if I had asked the waitress for the beef in my pie (the other choice is pork) so I got up and chased her down. She told me "No problem, the kitchen's running behind so yours hasn't been started yet and I'll tell them." Well, as you probably guessed I was served the one with pork despite waiting 30+ minutes for it to come out. Not only that, they gave us the wrong sides so I had to wait while the poor waitress went to the back to get the correct ones to even tell her of the pork deal.  I'm not some baby who can't eat pork, I simply ordered beef and wanted beef. When she got back, she apologized and picked up the plate and went to the owner to ask what to do. Said owner had been schmoozing people who were clearly the "bottle wine buying type" the entire time we were there. I saw her whisper in the waitress's ear, and the waitress came back and said "I'm sorry, this is my fault but we're out of beef for this dish today and I should have told you that. I'll buy you dessert of your choice." Well, that's great and I'm glad the waitress was nice but I don't think that is her responsibility. I also don't buy that they were out of beef; could be wrong, but come on. By this time, I was impatient and hungry so I just said "Okay" and ate my food.  To the food: More B.S. Not only did I get pork I didn't order, but the insult was that it was just some school cafeteria-like boneless fatless pork patty. You'd think some real scandinavian kitchen would have some kind of slow-cooked, fat dripping off delicious pork. The gravlax, which we were told was given some kind of salt dry rub had absolutely no flavor. It was just raw salmon, big deal. The only highlight here was the fermented sides like the beet and horseradish and the sauerkraut, but for a pork patty smothered with boring mashed potatoes and a weak plate of gravlax we still paid almost 50 bucks and that's *with* the free dessert (which was apparently pretty good, according to my wife- it was the citron fromage)  The owner is apparently Polish, so on that note I'm not sure what qualifies her to make a Scandinavian/Canadian restaurant; but I guess the results of this visit show that she is not qualified. Save the trip here, you can make most of this stuff at home way easier and much more cheaply with better ingredients.
4 What's not to love about this place? It's got the Ikea inspired interior, it is Scandinavian after all.  The patrons look like they could have been extras in a filming of the Prairie Home Companion.  A wonderful family who is fully invested in making sure you taste the wonders of their cultural heritage.  And a menu filled with some of the tastiest sauces and heartiest dishes that you can find in cuisine that dwells above the 45th parallel.
3 My husband and I dined on a Saturday night around 5:30pm and by 6:30pm all tables were full and there was a wait. Which is great for Beaver Choice, but they don't really know how to handle that large of a crowd, or the guests who had to wait. Normally, if you have to wait at a restaurant, it's no big deal. But all the guests waiting seemed so annoyed, and I think it's because the staff was so flustered and nervous. The first thing they asked us when we walked in was if we had a reservation, which we didn't, but what was weird was that like 3 different people asked us and no one knew where we should sit.   Anyway, besides the awkwardness of the staff, our server was great and able to explain the whole menu, the food was good (my pierogies were cold so I sent them back but the second round were cold too...I just ate them anyway), and the portions were enormous.  It seems that this mom and pop shop is getting too big for them to handle, if they hire a few more experienced servers and a really good hostess, get a host stand so guests aren't awkwardly standing in the middle of the restaurant when they walk in, and train themselves a bit more on customer service, I think they will do just great.
4 Went there for a girls night out. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable of the eclectic menu.  She answered all of our questions and accommodated the dietary needs of a person in our group.  I  ordered the Skomakarlada (known as Shoemakers Box)  While very delicious it lacked  seasoning, I added a bit of salt.  I also requested the pickled beets.  The pickled beets were amazing!  And is it weird that I loved the bright pink color?  I will definitely go back again to try the Stuffed chicken breast as the other girls got that and gave high marks for that. The atmosphere is open and airy with plenty of room so as to not feel crowded.  We were also treated to live music! I am not sure if that is an every night thing because  we were there on a Friday night.
5 If you are looking for an excellent Scandinavian/Polish place, look no further! (They even have a dash of Canadian influence as well.) I am a sucker for Schnitzel and the Pork Jagar Schnitzel is my favorite (pork pounded then breaded & cooked topped with brown mushroom gravy when served.) Seriously AMAZING, my description does not even come close to explaining the wonderful flavor explosion that this dish is! The portions for dinner are large, plus with your dish you also get to choose 4 side dishes total. I like the Creamy dill potatoes, Potato salad, Homemade coleslaw and Pickled beets. For the Canadians out there they serve Quebec Poutine (I recommend the large for the table to share as an appetizer.) They also have hand made Pierogies (yum!) All in all i have not been disappointed in anything i have ordered here. I love the new location (much larger and nicely decorated.) The staff is super friendly, even when they are busy they are very courteous and attentive.  P.S. They do have Gluten-Free options.
4 The menu offers an interesting variety of dishes, many of which were unfamiliar to us.  We had been to the old location in Tempe, and their new location is closer to us in Mesa, and has a great deal more seating space.  The staff is eager to explain the menu items, and will offer small samples, if requested.  There is now a full bar, with an interesting selection of beers, wines and liquor.  On each of our visits, we have been very pleased with the quality of the food and service, and the meals are nicely presented and very tasty.  This is definitely someplace we will visit again.
4 I stopped here because it was featured on the Food Network. Polish AND Scandinavian food. Who would have guessed. I had the sampler plate to try a bit of everything. It comes with your choice of a side AND a choice of three mode side dishes. Amazing. The food was excellent. The staff is friendly, helpful and accommodating. They are a bit slow, so do not come on if you are in a hurry. Very relaxed atmosphere. I will definitely come again.
5 If I had the money to eat here every single night, I would. The atmosphere is excellent, the smells are heavenly and all the selections of beers/wines could make a grown man cry. The servers are happy to be there. You can tell they take care of everyone like they are family.
4 Since moving to Mesa, Beaver Choice has expanded their menu as well as their restaurant space. Despite the change in location, they still serve up the same high quality, perfectly cooked meals.  After being seated and looking through the menu, I decided on a dish that they didn't offer at their old location: Frikadeller (Danish meatballs). I also tried some of their chicken schnitzel. The meatballs were perfectly cooked, with great texture and flavor. The sauce was sweet and tangy which I enjoyed at first, but became too sweet for my palate towards the end of my meal. Overall, I still enjoyed it though. The schnitzel was, as always, excellent. It was a nice balance of crispy breading, tender meat, perfectly seasoned.  Service was good, and I'm glad to see some of the members of the family are still there at the restaurant helping out.
5 Absolutely fantastic!  Best meal we've had since moving to the east valley in 2011.  I had the sampler plate of swedish meatballs and hash and my wife had the entree of swedish hash.  BOTH WERE TO DIE FOR!  Generous portions also come with several side choices - the homemade coleslaw was amazing. We also tried the apple torte and vanilla pudding for dessert and after devouring them, considered ordering another round - they were THAT GOOD!  This family owned restaurant has vaulted to the TOP of our restaurant list...can't wait to go back.
4 Been wanting to try this place for some time . . . so when a client of mine from Germany suggested this place . . . I jumped at the chance.  The interior was clean with a variety of seating options from high tops to tables to booths . . . we chose a table.  The waitress came quickly and took our drink order while we looked at the menus.  I decided on the Swedish Hash with sauerkraut, marinated green beans, and coleslaw.  The food came quickly and was delicious . . . the coleslaw though looked more like a garden salad . . . this time we decided to have desert and I ordered some kind of polish pudding . . . it was out of this world.  The only reason that I gave it four stars was due to the fact that the service was a little slower than I usually like . . . not sure if this was because I needed to get going to an afternoon meeting, or if it was because the place was busy . . . does it truly really matter . . . probably not . . . because I will definitely be back.
5 Yum!  I had been to the previous location and loved the food.  I took my parents to the new location today, because we were all craving schnitzel.  We all got the Jager Schnitzel, and it was amazing.  I don't like mushrooms, so I asked for no mushrooms, and the gravy was wonderful and not mushroomy at all.  :)  The portions were huge, and each entree comes with one side and three salads.  There are many to choose from, and we enjoyed all that we tried (rosti potatoes, pickled beets, beet salad, tomatoes and basil, pickled green beans and cole slaw).  We all ate more than we should have because we just couldn't stop.  And, we all have another meal in leftovers to eat later.    Someone on Yelp commented that dessert was a must, so we tried a vanilla bean pudding and it was tasty.  I don't know if I'd get it a second time, because it was over $7, but it was nice to share at the end of our meal.  We will definitely be back!
4 We came here a while ago after I have read several reviews raving about this place. I knew about the food is a little pricey, and I knew the wait would be longer than other restaurants. So we brought our phones to kill time.  When we got there, there were quite a few customers already. The place was over 2/3 full.  But we were seated right away and served our water.  Our waiter came to talk to us and let us know there was going to be a 40 minutes wait for food from the time we placed the order. It's ok, we said, we were prepared. We told the waiter my hubby needed to have gluten free dishes, so he suggested a few things that would be GF. So after ordering hubby and I chatted and played on our phones. It was long, especially when hungry. But we are very looking forward to try the new flavors, we did not mind. I remember I ordered Swedish meatballs and potato pancake, and cole slaw. My hubby had a meat dish (sorry it's been too long and I could not recall.) When we were served at first I thought the portion was small for both. Then we both dug in and tried it. Oh it was so good and so filling. My hubby stuffed himself with his dinner and I took a little leftover box home. And the leftover smelled and tasted just as great as the dinner; after I heated it up at home, I did not smell that typical restaurant grease smell at all. I believe they were telling the truth when they said all the dishes were preped fresh!
2 Classic food vs service.  Food was great.  Service not.  Had to seat myself then wait five minutes to be approached.   Bartender didn't know how to make a drink and told the server "No mixed drinks".  That's a waste of a good liquor license.  Then complained loud enough to be heard when she tried.  Supposedly she was a co owner.   Sad.  Probably family.   That's all for now.
4 Great Food!
5 My husband, sister and her husband went here for dinner last night. We were very pleased with it from the moment we walked in when we were welcomed enthusiastically and told we could sit anywhere we wished.  My husband is in a wheelchair so we chose a table close to the entrance.  The waiter, I believe his name was Tim, was wonderful.  He had the patience to answer all the entrée questions we had (and with all those Swedish and Polish dishes we had plenty).  He was friendly and very attentive.  I had pierogi, and tried them fried which was a mistake - next time I will have them steamed like I am used to because the frying seemed to make them less flavorful.  My husband had the Polish plate and it was very good - I sampled all of it.  My sister and her husband both had Swedish platters and enjoyed them.  We liked the beet salad and the rosti potatoes too.  We did have dessert - shared an apple tart and it was really good.  We liked it very much and would definitely return.
5 After frequenting the original Tempe location, I had taken a break from Beavers but one day I decided to check out the new location and couldn't be happier. They now also accommodate Gluten Allergies which is a pleasant surprise. I am a big fan of the Howard Special. Which I believe has been switched to Schnitzel cordon blue in the new Menu.   The food is always top notch, yes it does take some time to get your order but everything is cooked to order. I highly recommend the Schnitzel, cole slaw, any of the potato dishes and the Swedish meatballs.
3 This is a fun family owned restaurant to go to when you are craving some delicious Scandinavian Food with a Canadian twist. Been to their older restaurant several times before and this newer location is both nicer and quite a bit larger.  Came to the new location for my son in law's birthday lunch. He loves this place and so does my wife and daughter. My wife is of Swedish descent and a big fan of this type of cuisine and nothing too spicy. Trust me there is nothing spicy here.  Service was very friendly and most helpful when it came time to order. Started off with some Gravlax for an appetizer and a tasty Beet Salad that we all shared. They were both really good and got us in the mood for more. Hungry!  Ordered the Elk Stew which sounded really good. There was very little Elk meat on the dish and it seemed to be mostly mashed potatoes with a mushroom gravy and some small sides. My wife went with the Swedish Meatballs with some veggies and more mashed potatoes. There was only 6 meatballs and they were very small. It was hard for her to share any of them with the rest of the party.  Daughter order a Cardamom Chicken dish with veggies and mashed potatoes. The sauce was pretty good and had some nice flavors. Birthday boy ordered a Pork Belly dish off the specials menu. It looked really tasty and had a fried egg on top of it and all of that on top of ... wait for it ... more potatoes. My 15 month old granddaughter probably enjoyed the food the most. She was unable to resist catapulting small pieces of beets with it's purple juices across the room and onto the floor. Ha!  They definitely have the flavors down here and a very nice menu. Would like to see more protein on the plates and the cost of the dishes reduced down to a reasonable amount. Fifteen to twenty bucks per plate for lunch portions is a little steep in my opinion. Maybe it was just too much potato per square inch.  Give them a try and see what you think. It could be that they bit off more than they can chew with this new location. The rent here is probably double or triple from what they were paying at the last place. Sometimes keeping it simple is the best way to go. Now only if they actually severed ... BEAVER!  3.5 STARS
1 Been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally got to check it out during Restaurant Week. Could not be more disappointed from the build up to the place to the actual food & prices, and the fact that the waitress seemed to take pride in telling us we could not have what we were asking for. We ordered off the restaurant week menu and I wish we had just tried the regular menu because it would have been much cheaper and we could have had a little more control over what we got. For example, each dish comes with a starch & 3 salads. For restaurant week, you could not choose the sides so I ended up with tomatoes with basil & a side of pickles. Pickles. 2 sides, not 3- one of which was pickles. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For appetizers, we got a lobster roll & poutine, which is French fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. The fries were freaking epic. The lobster roll was a hot dog bun filled with dill and a few fishy little langostinos. Entrees: schnitzel, a large, uneventful cutlet of sorts with various pickled veggies and copious amounts of dill, and some crazy potatoes that looked good but tasted like the inside of a pool supply store. I got something described as sliced meat over potatoes. Apparently this is Scandinavian for hockey puck on hospital cafeteria potatoes. Keep salting, you will not find the flavor. It is not there. Perhaps that's why they threw a pile of pickles next to it. I'll never know. I'll also never know where the bread is. I asked for some. Saw a lady with a slice. But the waitress, remember the one I mentioned earlier, who seems to take pride in not being the least bit accommodating, let us know that bread was only for people who ordered soup. Oh and the $8 kids meal! Can't forget the 1/2 cup of noodles covered in some kind of sauce that no child would ever touch. Supposed to come with a starch and a side but guess what- that doesn't apply to the pasta dish- so no French fries for the 6 year old but here- have some god damned pickled beets rolled in more dill. Every kids dream.  And now ladies and gents,  get out your bowl molds and jello no bake cheesecake, cause its time for some premade generic, gummy cool whip based concoction topped with jello. Jello.  We got cheesecake and something called lemon fluff. They were identical. Bowl mold shaped blobs of that foamy jello mixed with cool whip that you find at hillbilly bbqs. The only difference was that one tasted a bit more lemony & the other was topped with actual jello. Honestly, the more I reflect on our meal, the more angry I become. I don't know why anybody likes this place and I wanna punch the waitress in her neck tattoo. You wanna eat what i ate? Save the $100 and go to the cafeteria of your local nursing home.
5 Love this place! Huge portions, great Swedish food with a Polish twist. The owners are super nice.
5 Third visit, eating my way through the menu and haven't been disappointed yet!  It's worth it just for the awesome sides and salads, but everything is fresh and tasty.
4 The new location still has the quaint family feel. Good selection of interesting beers.  I went at lunch on a weekday and I was the only one there, so the service was great, but they also had no one else to take care of.  Even the chef came out of the kitchen and asked me how my meal was.  From previous visits to the old location I can say that the subs are interesting and delicious. Some of the combinations that sound odd are definitely more tasty than you'd expect. If you want to branch out and have your taste buds pleasantly surprised, check this place out!
