5 I have been a patient of Dr Stacy for a few months now and I couldn't be happier. She is very knowledgeable, attentive, compassionate, and one of the friendliest people you can ever meet. Being in nursing, my back pays the ultimate price on a daily basis and She and her staff  always know how to "fix me up'. I have referred other coworkers to her and we are all extremely pleased with Chiropractic at the Lakes. I have a very busy schedule and I never have issues getting an appointment that meets my needs, and I love the fact that I never have to wait to be seen once I arrive to my appointment. Her staff is fabulous as well. I highly recommend Dr Stacy Rapp at Chiropractic at the Lakes.
5 I have been a patient of Dr. Stacie since she took over the practice. I drive all the way from Henderson, because of the care I receive. They never try to up sale me like other offices have, they just treat me great and take care of my back pain and headaches. I have been going to Chiropractors since I was a teenager and I am now 51. Dr. Stacie is one of the most caring Drs. I have ever seen.
5 I have never been to a Chiropractor before in my life...until being referred to Dr. Stacy. Wow..can I say amazing!! I am a carpet cleaner for a living so you can just guess how my back feels after a week of work. I have been coming here for a few months now and I never plan on stopping. My body feels a million times better after my visit and if you have any type of back or neck pain I highly suggest you give Dr. Stacy a visit.
5 I am extremely pleased with the care Dr. Rapp provided for me. After a month of complaining to my husband about my head hurting, I finally went to the office to have my headache treated. After just a couple of treatments, I've never felt so good! I was so pleased that I took my kids and my mom to Dr. Rapp's office, after a car accident. Both of my kids and my mom have been very pleased with the treatments they've received. Thanks to Chiropractor at the Lakes.
5 After I got into an accident, back in October, Adam Muslusky (My PI attorney) told me to come here for therapy. It's been 3 months and I feel so much better. Although it was my back that was injured, they made me feel at home and took extra care of me. Dr. Stacy, the main Chiropractor, just had a baby, so they had a fill in and he was just as awesome. I totally recommend going to see them for all your pains!
5 Dr. Stacy and her staff are great!  They treat their patients like their own family and get them better.  If you've been in an accident, suffered injuries to your neck and back, or headaches, go see the staff at Chiropractic at the Lakes.
5 I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and have gone from chiropractor to chiropractor, looking for the one. Here she is!
