4 Sushi is great Korean food is good!!! It has a great atmosphere!! All of the staff here is really friendly!!!
4 I was skeptical to try this place, due to the frequent owner changes.  We ordered the do it yourself bbq for lunch, and I have to say it is the best this building has had to offer.. I recommend the pork belly, bulgogi(beef) and the galbi(need short ribs). The ban chan (side dishes) were fresh and delightful. Would go again
5 I found this new restaurant while searching for something new and different on Yelp. My husband and I arrived around 6pm and we were the only ones, but others filtered in later. The service was great and very friendly. The restaurant has an authentic Korean feel and they have a decent beer/wine selection at very reasonable prices. My husband ordered the bibim bhab with short ribs that was warm and tasty. I had the Mae Oon Tang soup with fish and tofu that was the perfect level of spicy. I especially love the little sides that come with the meal to complement the hot, spicy dishes. We will definitely return.
4 Hubster and I were in the mood for Korean again and decided to try this restaurant. We have been to almost all of the Korean restaurants in the Valley and by far, this particular place is the nicest in decor and aesthitics. Our friends joined us and we all ordered the Bulgogi Bimbimbap. Certainly tasty,very filling and seemed like the bowl was neverending. Service was attentive and accomadating. Side dishes were plentiful and I really dig the kimchi here. Hope this place stays around for a long time as we will be coming more often!
4 If you're in the mood for Korean this is a great place to go. The wife and I went and it rocked. We got the beef and shrimp that you cook yourself at the table. Not like a hibachi place there is a little gas grill built right into the table. We also got the garlic edamame for an appetizer. Everything is very good. Just like Korea you get a mountain of side with your dinner. The cabbage salad was my favorite but they were all pretty tasty. I recommend this place whenever you are looking for some great Korean.
5 I love Koryo! The food is undeniably delicious and authentic. I had a chat with the owner while having lunch with my family. He was extremely hospitable and gracious. The food and service were excellent. We had the bulgogi lunch special (great value!), chambong, japchae, and yakiudon. All were good. But my favorite were the many side dishes they brought us! I am a kimchi addict and Koryo's kimchi was so good!  I would go back - hands down! You will not be disappointed!
4 This place is Gangnam,  I love self serve BBQ right in the middle of the table.     Its not easy to find in the corner of a strip mall behind the  Target Center at Peoria and 43 Ave. in Glendale.  I like the table vents to help with the smoke but what can you do at a BBQ place. The place a has a nice quiet atmosphere, i hope to see the place grow as Glendale customers slowly tickle in.   I'm a fan of quality food and excellent cooking and Kroyo has my attention.  I like to compare Kalbi beef between places and this place nails it, the dishes are tender and flavorful.  Another treat to having Korean Food is the endless amount of little side dishes.  Hope to see more reviews here the place is defiantly is worth the find.    Kevin U.
1 I was excited to go to this new restaurant but realized it's not so great after sitting down.  1.  The service was slow and the waitress only came by twice despite the fact that there was no one else in the restaurant.  2.  When I ordered the food and it didn't come out as I had expected I was fine with  the soup instead of the bento bowl.  I asked for an egg and the waitress wrinkled her face and asked why do I want an egg.  Lots of Korean dishes have eggs in them.  All she needed to do was just give me one.  3.  I did the yelp check in at this restaurant to get the discount, but the server and restaurant owner refused to give me the discount.  Their customer service is not great. If they'd given me the small discount I would have come back and even told my friends about it.  Now I'm going to tell my friends not to come at all.  The food was all right but the poor customer service really turned me off this place.
4 This place has the best Korean side dishes in the area. The place is very big and clean. The only downside is that every time I went, I was the only person there!   Which was weird considering it is probably one of the better Korean places in the area.  Only thing is, I used the yelp deal, some of the staff are not aware of it so it was a big complicated, but it worked.  Conclusion] GREAT korean food, a little pricey, very clean, and not stingy with the side dishes :D
3 Good food, very different and fun menu.
2 I rarely give 2 stars for a restaurant but something needs to be brought up for attention. First I waited for half an hour to be seated because there is no one at the front desk. I had to go look to their kitchen and found waitress there and ask to be seated. Second, the waitress can't really understand English. I tried to order pork belly, and I got marinated beef! Woo hoo! Talking about confusion here.  Third, the food came sooooo late, I stayed in the restaurant for 3 hours!! That was a loooonnngg hour of waiting.. and finally I figured the reason why I had to wait for a long time: THEY ONLY HAVE 2 (two) PEOPLE and those two works as front desk, waitress and also chef in kitchen!! BINGO!   The food was good but I really need a faster service..
4 Very welcoming staff & owner. Food was good and plentiful. Serves sushi too. Great 1st experience with Korean BBQ.
4 Went with a friend, and got two entrees- Bulgogi and Dduk gook. Rang about 30 bucks, we had a $15 dollar gift certificate.  Served on a sizzling plate and in big*ss bowl, extra rice was $1.50. Ample amount of meat, the rice cakes in the soup were a good consistency of chewy and soft; wish the broth had more flavor. We were the only ones in the restaurant and it was past lunch time, right before dinner. Hard to get the attention of the server, probably better service when there's more people eating.
4 I was stationed in Korea with the military, so I have been exposed to my fair share of delicious authentic dishes.  Koryo is really good.  Our server was very sweet and always on top of bringing us drink refills.  Great kimchi, spicy crab soup, and mixed vegetable bibim bab!  I'll definitely be returning with friends.
1 I was looking forward to this place for the longest time, i love korean food. So we decided to go for date night. my boyfriend and I walked in and was greeted by two happily elderly ladies.   As my boyfriend was looking through the menu, he was so skeptical of what to get because this was new to him. Well, he didn't like his food of choice. We wanted to see the menu again, but she gave us nasty face as in, your going to oay for that meal right? The lady was very rude and wasn't apologetic at all. Didn't accommodate us or anything.   Only two people worked there.  It was pulling teeth to get them to refill our drinks. It was just horrible.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.  :(
1 There's a reason this place closes down and opens under a new name every 3 months or so.  Good luck trying to be seated when you walk in. There's no one to be found. If and when you do find someone, they're back in the kitchen doing god knows what.  Then when you get seated it takes like 30 minutes to get your drink (even when the restaurant is completely empty). A word to the wise, when they take your drink order, put in your food order because your going to be waiting at least another 30 minutes for that.  Oh, and forget about drink refills here. They're unheard of, just like seeing the waitress again after she delivers your meal. When your done eating and want your check you have to go hunt her down again from the kitchen.  The food isn't horrible but the service is.  If you've got about 3-4 hours to waste, then sure, try this place out....
1 The service was okay, but this place was a total rip-off, even with the Yelp "deal" we purchased.  Meals were greatly overpriced and you are required to buy two plates of meat to use the BBQ (despite the fact that we ordered additional items).  The quality of the meat was lacking, and the garnishes that I tried were far from delicious.  The "fried" tofu was soggy and tasteless.  I was excited for my first venture into Korean BBQ - but my search will have to continue.  This meal - and hit to my wallet - was one I'll be trying to forget.
5 This is a really good korean bbq place. The bulgogi literally melted in my mouth, and all the sides were really tasty. The waitress was very attentive and helpful. I'll definitely come back here when I'm back in Phoenix.
5 Every time I've gone, the place wasn't busy. We are seated right away, the service is excellent. The food is delicious.
5 I went with my wife.  She had never been to a Korean restaurant before.  The place had really good food so it worked out well.  We had the kimchi bibimbap and the bulgolgi bibimbap.  Both entries were very tasty and the sides dishes were great.  My wife isn't good with chopsticks.  She wanted "cheaters".  They didn't have any but they jury rigged regular chopsticks with a napkin and a rubber band.  Can't beat that for service!
4 I have been here quite a few times now. I always go with my boyfriend who is half Korean. We have tried several of their menu items and both us being well versed in Korean cuisine agree that the food is always delicious. I have only been disappointed once by their food, and that was when I order the Hae Do Bap(pardon the spelling) which is sashimi over salad and rice with a spicy korean sauce. The sashimi was served to me still partially frozen which I thought was quite horific, not to mention I was seriously craving Hae Do Bap that evening so that was a huge let down. The service is alright  nothing fantastic and nothing terrible. The waitress we usually get seems quite bored which can throw off the mood sometimes, but I overlook it because the food still comes in a timely fashion and is always tasty (except that one time of course).  Now recently I've been taking my mom and step father there for dinner and they enjoy it as well. My mom always gets the seafood tofu soup (Hael Mul Soon Doo Boo?) and my step father gets korean barbecue. He has fun being able to grill up his food and rolling the meat up in lettuce wraps. The portions are never an issue, every item so far is perfect for one person and sometimes two depending on how hungry the individual is.  In short, food is great, just don't get that sashimi salad I was talking about! Service is alright which is why I am giving the place four stars. I will definitely continue to eat here. I suggest they work on their service though since it seems like that's the main complaint from everyone else!
1 My brother recommended this restaurant as he said he had been here once before and the service was good. This is one time I wished I would have listened to the Yelp reviews. We had a party of 5 and there was barely any customers. We were seated promptly and got our drinks pretty quick and things went down hill from there. We began to order our food and were informed we can't use the grill because they have a group that has a reservation, mind you that we were there for almost 2 hours and we never saw the group. 3 of us ordered bulgolgi and 2 of us ordered fried rice. The bulgolgi was cold when it came out like they cook a batch then serve it when needed, the hot plate wasn't even hot it was cold. The fried rice was very bland and loaded with frozen mixed vegetables that tasted generic. The waitress was extremely rude. Only one person got a drink refill and that was after asking 2 times then she replies I heard you and walks off before we could finish telling her what else we needed. We asked for a fork 2 times and the second time being asked she waved us off and said yeah yeah. When she returned with the fork someone else at our table needed one (because she rushed off again before we were done talking) and she seemed disturbed by this and said you really need a fork. There was a man standing at the front waiting for his check for 15 minutes. The table next to us was ready for their ticket as well and the rude waitress was nowhere to be found. My brothers got up and walked to the kitchen to find her so everyone could leave. She finally brings the check and then magically she was around coming out frequently to collect. I bought the $15 for $25 deal and told her I would be using it and she said why didn't I tell her before. I told her it's hard to tell someone something when they don't listen and aren't around. The table next to us had the same complaints as well and said they wouldn't be returning either. I could honestly say I would never return to this establishment again.
4 The service was not the best, but what does one expect from a " Mom & Pop" Korean shop?  The upside was the food; probably one of the best Korean BBQ places in the Valley at the moment. Try the beef tongue.. Yummy!!
4 Great Service and good BBQ, I've been here many times and happy face!
4 If you are looking for a quiet, secluded atmosphere, Koryo is a great restaurant to visit along with it's Korean dish. They have great bimbibap around, but I've tasted better quality.  Their price range is about average. I would expect to spend money around $15.00. To those who live by Glendale, this is a great place to visit for college students who are up for a variety of Asian foods. Though, I personally would not recommend this place to those who are knit picky about spending and are on a budget.
4 Food was excellent, but service was pretty slow. There was a big party in the private room, so my group of three was apparently low priority. I was also hoping to be able to use the barbecue at our table, but that was apparently "not working" so we had to settle for (delicious) kitchen-cooked bulgogi.  I'd give the place 3.5 stars if I could, but the food was good enough I'm rounding up.
5 Im from Los Angeles, and this place DID NOT DISAPPOINT! GREAT FOOD and it is a family owned restaurant. It is well kept, clean and the owner Billy and his wife were just great people. Whether you want to come alone and satisfy your Korean BBQ craving, or come with a ton of friends, this is the place to be! The service was on point, and i felt right at home, and you could tell that the meat you were eating was quality meat.  Loved this pace. Will definitely be back again.
1 Horrible service.  Only two people working. The only time the lady smile was when she receive the bill. Party of 9, and everyone wasnt satisfied. First and LAST time everrrr.
1 Came here for my first time for friday night dinner and waited for 10mins. for a host. Didn't get service even though the place was empty. We left. Get it together, it's a Friday.
2 I normally like to give the benefit of the doubt, but our low-notch service waivers any positive feedback based on our experience a few nights ago.  The first red flagged instance occurred when my friend called to make reservations for 7:30.The individual who answered seemingly didn't like the requested time my friend reserved for and bluntly said that we should come earlier.Aren't reservations made to secure a specific time that a party has all agreed on, and not the time the restaurant would rather service and feed you? Interesting.  Next, when the first person arrived from our party, it took several minutes to be acknowledged and seated. There were hardly any people in the place except for a large group of people at ONE table.  Further, I had to get the waitress' attention by waving back and forth to get our order. At this point, there are only two serviced tables in the whole eatery, the second one, ours.  Now, what I'm about to explain is the pinnacle of the less than satisfactory service. Our table was served our drinks along with glasses to pour our beer into. My cup was not clean as I rubbed off some white substance from the inside of the glass. I kindly asked the waitress for a clean glass and she looked at the glass, picked it up and examined it, insisted that it was clean, resisted getting a new glass, and walked away. All my life, I have never experienced something as mundane.I just wanted a clean glass and she denied my request!  The service the rest of night was ho-hum. It was plain difficult to get her attention. She brought our Korean bbq to cook ourselves, without the required tongs and we sat there staring at our uncooked meat, which felt like an eternity, because we were starving.   When it was time to get our check, my friend showed the waitress the Yelp discount that was offerred. It seemed to inconvienence the waitress to change the already totaled check and revise it. She even took my friend's phone and walked away with it to clarify the discount. Once again, my friend never experinced a waitress taking her phone in order to receive a discount.  Much to our dismay of the service, on a much lighter note, the food is honestly, very tasty. We have eaten here in the past and this time around, the service did not equal the standards of the food. I normally do not criticize restaraunts but any critical judgements I have made should help the restaurant recognize their weaknesses as there is always room for improvement and potential.
1 This was by far one of the worst experiences ever. My family went in for dinner on a Friday night and there was no one there, four tables were covered with dirty plates and the service was terrible. I choked on the the chicken because it was all fat. I don't often recommend not going somewhere however if your in the area save your time and money because this place is a train wreck. Wouldn't be surprised if it's closed in a month. Gordon Ramsey couldn't even turn this place around.
1 Went to a co workers going away dinner. Food took a very long time to arrive. Glasses sat empty, wasn't many customers couldn't understand why service was so slow. Mandatory 18% is a real kick in the junk when the service is terrible. The wait wouldn't be so bad but the atmosphere is dull and boring.   Finally got our food a full 65 minutes after ordering. There were only 3 tables of customers. Certainly not enough to justify a slow kitchen.  The cooked food came out cold, the raw food for those that wanted to grill at the table came out the same time as the cooked food, so they spent even more time waiting.   Overall a pretty terrible experience waiting. The staff made no effort to apologize for the wait implying its standard practice.  I had the Yakisoba; it was mediocre at best. I've been to Korea, this isn't nearly as good.  At the end when I paid it felt like an injustice was being done. Restaurant also wasn't in the best neighborhood.  My feisty gay friends were very unhappy (pictured)  It took 20 minutes to get OUR CHECK and we were the only customers
4 A lot of reviewers are complaining about the service, but there I have zero complaints. The food is good, especially the BBQ! Really good quality meat, although a little pricey, but definitely worth it. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for some good korean BBQ.
2 The food is alright but the portions are great, especially if you order the combo meal. There must have been 5 sides that came with my food and I paid less than $10. Occasionally there may be a fly or two that will circle around your food. But who doesn't have those right? The servers are your typical Asian servers, indifferent yet friendly. Apparently it has a new name and now has cooking tables where you can grill your food. It's somewhat disappointing to say that this new and improved restaurant is still the same as it once was.
