1 Waffled back and forth between one and two stars.  Felt maybe they only deserved two because they didn't actually break anything on my car, but went with one anyway because I felt they would have.  These aren't mechanics; they're minimum wage guys who've been trained to do a repetitive task over and over.  I took my car in for an alignment, and when I tried telling the service rep what was going on with my car, he stared at me blankly like he had no idea what I was talking about, then handed me a pre-printed questionnaire to fill out inquiring about the symptoms as to why I felt I needed an alignment.  Okaaaay....   Then, when the guy was trying to input the info into the computer, despite my telling him literally no fewer than five times the make, model, and year of my car... he was searching under the wrong car brand!  Not off to a good start, especially since he kept trying to upswell me on things I didn't want.  Well, not-good start got worse when I got a call 30 minutes after dropping it off, saying they couldn't do an alignment on my car, because it was too new and they didn't have the proper specs for it.  Mind you, I was in need of an alignment because I'd changed parts on my car from factory stock, so stock specs wouldn't have done them any good anyhow.  They should have known this when I asked them if they could do alignment work to begin with.  If you're the sort of person who has no problem getting their oil changed at Walmart or Jiffy Lube, because you prize cheapness over quality, attentive mechanics, then maybe you'll do alright here.  If you're someone who wants to take your car to a shop with trained, knowledgeable mechanics who understand how to maintain a car properly, or are a person who values your time, avoid this place at all costs.
4 New location is nice, clean, friendly, and helpful. I called around to a few other places before deciding to go here. One of the reasons I chose this place was because when I called they not only went out of there way to help but I actually was on the phone with the General Manager (I had no idea at the time) who gave me a few different selections and information about them.   Well the model I wanted they didn't have in stock but he then said being a new customer to Firestone I want you to get a good deal and so they where going to give me these really nice and crazy expensive tires for a bit more than the ones I wanted.  I scheduled the appointment for that day.  As I was getting ready to leave they called me back saying the actually located the tires I wanted and sent someone to go and get them. Which I was happy about but then I kinda wasn't because he made those other tires sound so good and at an extremely discount rate it was an amazing deal. (but still a little more than I wanted to spend) I said great and ended up with my original choice.   I dropped my car off and they had it done pretty quickly. Great service and friendly, but of course they try to up-sell you. Here are the three reasons they didn't get a 5 star 1) I overpaid to have an alignment $90 is pretty fricking stiff but I wanted to just have the whole thing done at the same time so I paid. 2) I didn't like that they didn't have the one extra thing Nitrogen instead of air in my tires since I have low pros and the air goes quicker than Nitrogen  does. 3) I noticed a few days later all of my tire caps went missing after the tire replacement. On a side note is this a scam from tire shops because the 3 times I have got tires they have always gone missing and then they try to sell me new ones.  Other than that I would buy tires from them again. Not oil or anything else just tires!
5 Got a flat tire at 7:40pm Friday, yelped and found them still opening. Called the store at 7:54, 6 minutes before they close... All of them stayed in the store and waited for us to fix our tire. We got in at 8:05, got out by 8:30! Nice people, nice tire, nice price, nicest service!! They were so helpful, so efficient and so nice! Thank you for saving my weekend firestone!!
5 I absolutely had the best experience with customer service here! Very inviting and good with greeting and acknowledging customers.I went in with problems with  my ac that was developed from a previous shop. They took care of me with no problem Frank who worked on my car was very hands on with not only showing me but thoroughly explaining What was wrong with my car. The manager was just as great  and helped  reassure me all would be fine.  The waiting area was clean and inviting with tv's and a play area to keep my son occupied during our wait... I'll definitely go back and recommend  everyone to stop in. .. thank you guys so much!
5 My land rover overheated on the freeway and I didn't notice until steam was pouring out from under the hood and the red light was lit above the temp gauge. I was afraid to have it towed here because I didn't know anything about the shop. I am glad I did. They were completely honest and friendly. They we're quick at diagnosing a cracked overflow talk and disconnected hose. They even gave my wife and I ride to a restaurant to wait on the repair. They called soon after our meal was finished to let me know they pressurized the system and everything looks good and they came and picked us up. They could have taken advantage of the situation and rung up an enormous repair bill but they were completely fair.
1 This single star rating is all because of the one employee with which I interacted. Everyone else was fine. As a matter of fact someone actually tried to remedy the situation the first employee messed up.  However, I was still very upset from the first interaction and was having none of it.   I'll spare everyone the full story but there was a dark-haired larger-build Hispanic guy that helped me the first time.  It's not an exaggeration to say that if this guy had any less customer service skills, he would be a rock.  Still, he's a mechanic I thought so I let him order me the part and I came back two days later at the time he set for me.  I rearranged mine and my friend's whole schedule that day for this repair.  Well, guess what, that dude wasn't there and no one in the store knew anything about my part being ordered or my appointment.  The guy that was there at the time did his best to remedy the situation but nothing could be done that day.  I appreciate his efforts but my day was already ruined. I'm sorry that the first guy's competence brings down the rest of the team, but that's how it goes. I will not be going to this store while that first guy still works there and I have no choice but to assume that he's merely an indication of how this place is managed.
1 DO NOT GO HERE!!!! Went in for a routine oil change, left with my ABS light and battery light on! I went back inside and told them they messed something up because nothing was wrong with my car Before I came in my car was running fine and had no lights on. They tell me it's not there fault and will find out what's wrong and fix it but I have to pay for it to be fixed ! I said screw them and I'll take my business else where becAuse I refuse to give my money to people who are trying to scam me because I'm a woman. And now a day later from leaving them my car is completely broken down. DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!!!
