5 Kinda new to vaping, they explained everything to me. The juice is out of this world delicious. Customer service is great. Centrally located so it is just a short drive from my work hinge and church.
5 Nice place the proprietor  was very eager to help. The only thing I can say is other shops out the you better step up you game. These guys do custom orders and what I pay for ten ml I'm getting 20 . Sorry I think I'm going to have to bring my business here from know on. Guest service is great and I look forward to seeing this place grow. The best customer service and knowledge. And no people looking at you like you going to still the place blind. You guys rock.
5 Very, very knowledgable, courteous and helpful counter person! I was very Impressed with the variety and prices! This is the kind of small business we need to support!
5 I'm from Long Beach, out here on vacation. Searched for a well rated Vape shop and they popped up with 100% 5 star ratings. Based on my experience there, they really live up to these ratings. Welcoming atmosphere as well as the one who works there; Stephanie. Very knowledgable of the vapor world. I bought 2 juices I tried out: Mango Madness and Granny Smith apple. Great tasting juices! Whenever I come back to AZ, they're definitely my go to shop.  Oh yeah, I got there close to closing time. Ended up staying past that. They were happy to help out despite the fact they were technically closed.
5 Very knowledgeable and helpful. Great people to deal with. I am new to the "Vapor World" and they had answers as quick as I had questions. Flavors are incredible. Ended up going with Butterscotch, Ice Tobacco, and Strawberry Cheesecake, Bubblegum, Devil's Brew, and Clove. I am definitely a completely satisfied customer. Thanks Hi-Tech Vapor!!!
5 I had been meaning to head into Hi-Tec Vapor for quite some time as I was eager to try their own line of liquids. And while I can't comment on any of the equipment they stock, I can say without doubt that their liquid is outrageous!!! I've gone the past few Saturdays and the owner, who makes all the juices himself has been in and was very eager to get feedback on the flavors as he happily doled out sample after sample. Peach, cantaloupe, lime and honeydew have become must haves at all times in my rapidly expanding arsenal.  The other thing I absolutely love about this joint are the punch cards...buy five bottles, get five stamps, and the sixth bottle is free! So if you vape through their tasty concoctions as quickly as I do, this is a pretty sweet deal.  With an ever growing flavor line of in-house juices, a simple sampling system, and frequent buyer cards, Hi-Tec Vapor is worth checking out no matter where you're located
5 I used to go to Zikwid Lounge for all of my vape needs. Then a friend referred me to Hi-Tec Vapor. The products are great and for a third of the price! The juices are flavorful and twice the size for the same price.  Great people! I am recommending Hi-Tech to everyone I know!! I like them so much I took a box of business cards to pass around at my bar!
5 This place is awesome! Friendly knowledgeble staff, great juices to sample and above all LOW prices!!!! I'm new to vaping but I feel lucky to have already found my local juice store and e cig supplier. Easy online ordering with low to free shipping or stop in and have some great samples and chat.
5 Went into Hi Tec Vapor today to buy a start up kit. They were very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. I had a million questions and they patiently answer them all, showed me everything I need to know. I was referred to another store by a friend but did some checking around online and found Hi Tech Vapor had a comprehensive website, selection and super prices! $10 dollar 20ml juices! Huge selection of flavors. Their prices are great. I got a start up kit with 2 atomizers, charger, mixing/filling bottle for $60.00. Also bought a little hard case to carry it so it wouldn't get beaten up or leak in my purse. Very pleased with my purchase and experience. Will be a loyal customer and recommend them to anyone who is looking to start vaping or find affordable juices.
5 I'm from San Diego and I go to phoenix every other weekend and I always stop by here to buy some juice. They have great selection of juices here and the staff are very friendly and helpful.
5 This is my go to vape shop. Everyone is kind, helpful and knowledgeable. Also has the best selection, best quality and best price! Come check them out!
5 This is the only place to go for vaping. Great staff, great prices and tons of flavors. Stephanie helped my wife and I when we came in to switch from cigarettes to vaping for the first time. She didn't try to over sell us but instead hooked us up with what we needed to try it out. They formulate their own juice and add new flavors by recommendation all the time. I've tried other places closer to home but I was very disappointed. We love vaping now and we drive 15 miles to get everything we need here.
5 This is my favorite vapor shop in Arizona. They have the friendliest staff to help you quit your you bad habit of smoking cigarettes. There ego kits start out around $60 and there Hi-tec juice is $10 for 20ml. To me they have the best tasting e-juice that I have tried in Az . My faves are pink lemonade bahama mama tropical tantrum minty mojito cool melon Notorious Nectarine pink flamingo & grape and fat monkey.  Also they have a great selection of mods for you cloud chasers out there. Monday thru Saturday 10am-8pm or check them out online at www.hitecvapor.com
2 Unfortunately I won't be able to give a 5-star review.   I came in a couple of days ago and the atmosphere inside surprised me. Right when I walked in, the first thing I noticed was the bright blue paint on all of the walls. I don't know if this is supposed to provide some psychological effect on customers, but I definitely didn't enjoy it. The blue on the walls made me feel tense and not relaxed.  Once inside, I walked near the counter to try and see what products they had and what their layout was. I wasn't greeted at all from anyone for at least five to ten minutes, which is odd because I'm pretty positive that some of the employees were vaping on couch in there. Only after some time did an employee ask if I had been helped yet - I responded that no I hadn't, at which time he immediately started helping me through the whole process. Now, I'm completely new at vaping and this employee was very helpful.   I noticed it was kind of difficult to see inside the glass display area; there is a light directly above it that produces some nasty glare. Nonetheless the associate recommended I get the Ego c-twist kit. After testing it out I decided to purchase it, in fact it works really well.  After deciding on the vape, the associate started helping me on what flavors I should choose - I must say their flavors are the best I've ever tried! Their mountain dew flavors are totally bomb so I give them props on that.  Unfortunately though I just found out that they sold me two knock off eGo-C Twist vapes. Technically the box doesn't say Joyetech (the official brand for eGo-C Twist) but it clearly is a knock off version of it, you can tell because it doesn't have the Joyetech logo on the bottom. Now this wouldn't have bothered me very much if they would have made known to me that I was buying a knock off product, but they didn't. So there you have it, my first experience at Hi-Tec Vapor  In conclusion, I give this store two stars. I don't give out 5 stars unless something about the business blows my mind. My breakdown is as follows:   Starting at 4 stars: -1 star - customer service was lacking in the beginning. -1 star - atmosphere wasn't pleasant. -1 star - sold me a knock off brand, didn't even let me know. +1 star - awesome flavors  Total = 2 stars.  As always, I'll update my review the next time I'm in there. Hopefully the experience will be better.
3 UPDATE:   In my previous review I subtracted a star because I thought they sold me a joyetech knock off product. After doing some research, it seems like it would be a categorically incorrect statement to say "knock-off joyetech products". If you're interested in seeing why, feel free to ask yourself, what's to say joyetechs products aren't knock offs; or google this term: "joyetech - they aren't the e-cigareet manufacturer you think they are". Whether or not I'm right, I'm not in a place to actually say they sold me a knock off. Because of that I'm giving them a star back.
5 I've been here two times so far, both times I've been greeted as soon as I walk in. There e-juice is awesme so far I try the juic-E-fruit and bopping blueberry both are very good. They have a good selection of vaping products. I went In today to get a replacement part for my evod tank, the guy I talk to was very knowledgeable and friendly. He even took the time to show me all the different mods and stuff. This is my new spot for all of my vaping needs.
2 As an avid costomer of Butt Out and also after seeing the good reviews I went to check this place out. I walked in and was greeted by two ladies once of witch did not even no what size carto went in my tank (i had to correct her) the other woman was very nice. The older gentleman who im presuming is either the owner or manager showed an overall disinterest in me and my money. It was very off putting. The only reason im giving this review two stars is because I was hungry and they had a vending machine inside.
5 Been there on at least 4 different occasions, on different days of the week and every single time I have been greeted in a friendly and professional manner. They have been undergoing "remodeling" and as such I am not too concerned with "the atmosphere" of the place. I am there for accessories and the GREAT juice flavors they offer and kindly LET YOU SAMPLE !!!   It's easy: they tilt a bucket of clean (protected) drip tips at you, you select one, select a clearomizer of sample juice to try, screw it to the ego they supply, slip in "your" drip tip and vape. Like it? Ask for a bottle and they ask at what Nic level. Unscrew the clearo and try another flavor.  This has been my complete and utter downfall - they ask "Have you tried....??" and this is why I have dropped AT LEAST $100 each time I go. THEIR JUICE IS TOO DAMNED GOOD!!!! They have a VERY wide range of subtle and "It'll take your head clean off !!!" flavors to choose from including a dead-ringer for Buttered Popcorn Jelly Bellies called "Movie Popcorn". I also can vouch for their Tropical Tantrum, Peanut Butter, Grape, Root Beer and on and on....  Friends I have sent there to help them quit smoking have all reported excellent service from all the staff. Sharon is super easy to deal with and very patient explaining the hows and whats and whys.   They have a very nice assortment of hardware from the very basic to the very advanced at reasonable prices. (Maybe it IS cheaper on-line, but hard for someone to correct a technique issue on-line, so I don't mind getting a bit of help in person in exchange for a very small difference in price.)  I Have EXACTLY ONE COMPLAINT !!!! They have not opened a store in the Far West Valley, you know, like, out by Waddell. That's it.   I been to other places and bought other juices, this is still my go to shop and probably will always be.
3 Very very friendly ppl that work there and helpful!
3 It's ok. Nothing special. Lots of accessories. Reasonable price. The juices are not good at all.
2 honestly i had high hopes for this place after seeing all the positive reviews. "tons of different flavors" "great customer service". when i told them i was interested in some new e juice i was basically left to sample juices at a juice bar comparable to the Halloween isle at walmart. leaking tanks, fried coils, dry tanks. the cashier seemed as unenthusiastic as i was to hear i only found one flavor i liked (or i was willing to spend my money on to actually taste). they use RE USED TIPS FOR TRYING FLAVORS... seeing as how there is no real regulation on the cleanliness of something like this yet, as in the food industry, this was off putting in itself. every other place i have ever been always used disposable tips for sampling.  i ended up getting a flavor that after i got to try in my own device, was actually not bad. the way hi tec vapor is having the juice sampled is not doing the flavor justice.  alot of them i think would taste great in an RBA. they offered no drip/RBA sampling of flavors (i also did not ask). i noticed alot of their flavors also taste very similar. im not here to bash them or kiss ass, im just reviewing honestly. this place is a long way from five stars for me especially when there are such great shops within a few mile radius. i always try a second time but upon first impressions i was very disappointed in everything but juice pricing really. this place just seems as if they survive by recruiting naive new customers who dont have much to compare them to. go to Vape Shop AZ. leave happy.
5 This is my goto shop. The employees are knowledgable and the shop is clean, relaxed and fun. The juice is top notch and I am addicted to the Swedish Fish. Try them all at the tasting station.
