3 It's the same ol' irresistible bundle of greasiness you've come to expect from every other little Mexican food joint that ends with an -OS, except that it's all shiny and brand new. Also, they don't appear to be nearly as stingy with their hot sauce as some, they are open 24 hours, and their horchata is delicious.
3 Cheap, huge burritos. Enough said! A little less Americanized than Del Taco. Any of the burritos (breakfast, chicken) you order is pretty good for fast food Mexican.
4 Love the Arizona burrito! This is a clean and well lit restaurant and perfect after some late night bowling! Carne asada fries seem to be a little smaller than Los Favoritos in Tempe but are still pretty tasty.
4 This is one of the nicer stores in their chain. They food is good most of the time for fast food Mexican. We stop in a few times a month, since it's just down the street from us.
1 iI have eaten here several times and never had a problem. Good food, clean, friendly staff.  HOWEVER! I will never be going back after the other day. As I write this I am in horrible discomfort from food poisoning after having the green chili plate. I wont go into details but lets just say my life sucks so much right now. My father accompanied me to the establishment and is also not feeling well from the carne asada plate that he had. We both have very strong stomachs, so in order to have a meal effect us so much speaks volumes on its own.  I would recommend great caution if still frequenting this place. I hope nobody ever feels or experiences what I have been for the last 12 hours.
2 I like to go occasionally on Taco Tuesday; other than that, I would probably never eat here.
1 I ordered crane asda fries, they where so nasty , almost no meat and the meat that was on them was likes rocks very old and nasty dried up meat, I had to wait 20 min for the drive thru, so I came back today and spoke with the manager and she said since I thru away the fries there's nothing she can do for me I asked when the restaurant general manager would be in and she said she was, and that she can't stand cheap people like me trying to get free food! I asked for her franchise office number she kept my receipt and said she can't give it out and wrote down my info and said someone will call me, worse service ever! They need new management
1 Compared to other Filibertos this one is very stingy and fairly slow getting food out.  I was just there and it was probably my worst experience(though the time they shorted me two tacos or the time they forgot to make my breakfast burrito may be worse, but they never inspired me to write a review). I ordered a green Chili plate special which usually inspires this Fili's to make the equivalent of a junior burrito.  That's fine with me,  I own a business and understand not wanting to go bankrupt.  The burrito tonight was 2"×5" and contained less than 1/2 cup of filling (yes, it was so incredulously small I had to measure it).  It was so salty I was glad they gave me a lot of Un used tortilla to offset it.  The counter girl was nice and friendly.   The best Fili's is at Guadalupe and McClintock.  The Pecos one is also good and the Ray and McClintock one is probably third.   I know my east Valley Fili's.  This one is so close to my house but I try to avoid it (I am rarely disappointed by the breakfast bacon burritos )
