4 A fan of the PHX Food Truck scene, I've tried to make it a point to try each truck that shows to the Friday Food Court or the Phoenix Public Market at least once.  I have been to Paradise at least 2 times now and I can say I am more than pleased with the quality food and service.   I have tried the Pastrami sandwich and the Reuben. Both had generous portions of meat & cheese on grilled marble rye.  Several have recommend their veggie sandwich which is next on my list to try here.  These sandwiches are quite large (relative, I know) perfect for a hearty appetite. $ 6 for the sandwich or $ 8 to make it a meal, with a drink and a side. The menu may seem small until you see all the individuals items you can combine to build your own sandwich. Stop in you won't be disappointed.
4 So the BF and I went to check out the food trucks at the Phoenix Public Market today... such a good idea! We split a Bodhi Beef melt and it was really tasty. The girl that works in the truck was also super friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend trying this place.... it's not just grilled cheese, it's super fresh and delicious sandwiches with some nice ingredients. Next time I might get the veggie.... looks good!
4 This place makes a mean grilled cheese with a great selection of cheeses. The quality is great and every time I go to the Phoenix Public Market on Friday afternoons for lunch, its always a toss up between this place and Short Leash because both places are top notch. My personal favorite of theirs is the Veggie which has roasted red peppers, provolone, tomato, basil, arugula and balsamic all for $6, which is not too bad considering the average market and cost of food truck food in  Phx.
5 The Carnitas sandwich is 'life changing' ... enjoy! ... YUM!
5 OMG!!!!! I think I'm in love yum the onion grilled cheese is amazing & the prices are very fair the employees are fun and helpful  we had them at a meet up for our babies Easter party and it was great ! Can't wait to look up their schedule this month I'm already craving another one you must have this if you see them around :)
5 I had the chance to try these guys out at a food truck festival over the weekend. While I went around to sample several different spots, Paradise Melts won me over with their service, fried cheddar, and The Oink sandwich. The staff was friendly and quick even with a line. The bread was perfect, crispy and golden brown. The chef mentioned they had fried cheddar so my boyfriend and I gave it a go. It's not on the menu but it's so delicious...a must ask for item!
3 found them at the food truck fair over the weekend and the smell coming from the truck was amazing!  I grabbed a basic grilled cheese for my 3 year old and almost ate the whole thing myself it was so good.  my one complaint was it took a long time.  there was only a few people in line and waiting for food yet it still took a while.  next time i want to try the one with bacon!!!
3 I tried this truck while at four peaks tasting room. The prices were good and the service was very friendly. I was just not a fan of the food. It didn't stand out in anyway. Maybe grilled cheese and beer don't mix, well at least for me it didn't.
5 As a self proclaimed grilled cheese connoisseur, Paradise Melts gets two thumbs WAY up from me!  The carnitas grilled cheese with the avacado dipping sauce is AMAZING! My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.  Not to mention, the impeccable service was a nice touch and my meal was served with a smile... Paradise Melts has earned a loyal customer!  Can't wait to visit them again!
5 We had decided to grab some beers at the Four Peaks Tap Room and try our luck with whatever food truck happened to be outside. And boy, did we luck out!!  I couldn't decide if I wanted the Jailbreak or the Carnitas sandwich... I'm always a fan of carnitas, but I was intrigued by the Parmesan crust on the Jailbreak. I happened to mention this and the awesome food-truckeer said he could make me the Carnitas with the Parmesan crust. Of course I said yes!  We went inside to order our beers and before we knew it our sandwiches were hand delivered to is inside the tap room.  My Carnitas was delicious.  The meat was so tender and the green chili balanced the sandwich wonderfully. My husband got the Mr. Beef and I wish I could tell you about it but I only got a tiny tasty morsel of it before he had devoured it... Needless to say he loved it, and between bites I think I heard him murmur something about the horseradish sauce being excellent.  We can't wait for the next time we will run into Paradise Melts again! Definitely good people and good food.
4 Had the grilled cheese with tomato jam at Paradise Melts at the Street eats in Scottsdale. Awesome sandwich.  I'm guessing it was either country white or potato bread, I didn't ask. Bread was buttered and toasted edge-to-edge, like any self respecting griller should be.  The tomato jam was a nice foil for the butter. Just the right amount so it didn't overpower the star-all that gooey, melted cheese.  Service was a bit slow, even though the line was extremely short. Don't know where they went wrong there.  I will try it again.
5 Mmmm. So bomb. Mr. Beef!!! So bomb. Then I got the jailbreak 4 cheese but couldn't come close to finishing it all, so stuffed.. Excited for my lunch tomorrow. And I thought I was a grilled cheese pro...
5 Simply a wonderful experience! Just what you are looking for in an incredible sandwich. The chef takes great pride in making a superior product with local ingredients. Be hungry or ask them to wrap up what you can't finish. Wish the @paradisemelts truck could be found more often!
5 My brother and I hit up paradise melts at food truck friday downtown and we shared the Cubano and the Carnitas. Holy grilled cheese. It just doesn't get any better! This is definitely a food truck worth following even if it means eating a melt sitting outside in 110 degree weather.
