1 This review is for the service department.  I brought my car in for an oil change ($49.95 after coupon!) and asked the tech run my check engine light code.  The service manager refused to run the error code because he said that it would not solve the problem and he recommended I do a full diagnoses at around $85 per hour.  I declined and asked him to humor me and run the error code which he again refused.  The next day I went to Auto Zone and they ran my error code and pointed out that it was caused by my gas cap not being fully tightened.    It is remarkable that the dealership charges $50 for an oil change that you can get elsewhere for $20-30, refuses to do a simple service check, and tries to charge for something that is completely unneeded.  I will never go back to Tempe Scion for service!
1 They suck. We had an appointment because they claimed to have the car we wanted. Get there on time, told he had a walk in he was taking care of, get jacked around to find out they had only one car in stock and it is orange, really guys? Why not just cancel instead of wasting our time? Went to camelback scion(they had at least 12, in all colors) and bought our new car, great experience there
1 I have been a loyal customer of Power Toyota since I bought my Scion in 2009. However, after my last visit I will be sure not to return.   I went in to purchase four new tires as a routine maintenance and left with my car in awful condition!   First, the rep told me it would take 2 hours to complete and after the 3rd hour, I sill didn't have my car. I had to contact them to check in on my car as they were not courteous enough to contact me. After the third hour of waiting, I finally got some information regarding my car and I was informed my SUB ARM was bent. After Googling the issue, this usually happens after a car accident or running into a curb at high speed. OR a mechanic drops your car from the high-rise. How convenient.   The dealer took no responsibility for the issue even though I have never been in an accident in my life. They "discounted" my service taking off the cost of the alignment (even though they didn't align my wheels) and said they'd replace the SUB ARM for $500 additional dollars. I asked that they did not complete the service as I felt  they were being incredibly dishonest and they returned my car in worse condition.   I will never be back; Power Toyota has lost a loyal customer.
1 Power Toyota advertises $4000 above book for your trade, an admitted lie!  Out shopping for a new Scion, knew what I wanted, knew that the dealers don't discount the sticker and was going to buy Saturday, heard about the trade offer and Power was the closest dealer to my home making this an easy choice. Picked my car, left my trade for an hour so they could get their numbers together.   When I returned the salesman's manager asked if I would take $42k for my trade, i indicted that my research shows the car at $46k wholesale plus the advertised offer of an additional $4k gets me to $50. I also told him that i would be reasonable as they had the car i wanted and had other things to do rather than shop. He explained that there are several sources to get book value and admitted  my vehicle had a book value of $44k and that the advertised offer is only honored if they can afford to do so. Hmmmm I don't remember that part of the ad?  Went to Earnhardt in Tempe and found same car and got $47k for my trade, in the 2 hours after I left Power and was delivered my new Scion at Earnhardt I received 2 calls from Power upping their offer.   Hey Power, It wasn't about the money as much as it was your ethics, I've been in the valley for 5 years and have bought 11 cars for my family and myself, I would have been a good customer.
