4 I've never been to a business that operates with such efficiency.   These girls are always on time.  I'm a punctual person and I appreciate it.  This office is fairly new.  It is located in a new medical office park/building.  So, the area in which it is located looks fabulous and is clean.  The office door is right up the stairs to the right.  It is not at all difficult to locate.  The ladies in the office are professional and they know how to get the job done.  I could not be happier with the services that I've received and I will go back and complete my treatments.  One of the better $99 I've ever spent.  I am SO happy with the results!    NOTE:This is a note for women with darker skin.  This office does have YAG lasers.  If you are thinking about getting Laser hair removal and you have darker skin tones, then you want to use the YAG laser.  Google it.  It is the best laser for darker skin.  Even if you don't choose this location, I would ask if a different location has the YAG before accepting an appointment there.  I personally think that when I'm getting a cosmetic service such as this, the office should provide modern amenities that I don't get when I go to my GP, like WiFi so I can check my Yelp Messages with faster downloads.  :-)  Unfortunately, this office does not provide that service.  I wish they would.
1 If the price sounds too good to be true, it is because it is.  I have gotten good results with laser hair removal elsewhere.  When I didn't get any results at simplicity, I complained and they wouldn't give me the time a day.
4 I have been getting laser from Simplicity for almost a year now and I am very happy with my results. The customer service is great, I love the email appointment confirmations they send you - very useful and convenient. The Scottsdale salon is a nice new office. The staff is friendly. They have great deals. My hair is going away nicely. I'm very happy!
1 I feel like I have to constantly monitor my treatment, they constantly try to use the Yag laser instead of the Alexandrite. I suspect that they don't have enough lasers plus it will extend my treatments because Yag is far less aggressive. The treatment I had today was Yag and the girl lied to my face-I asked three times if she was using the Alex and she said yes or avoided answering. I worked in this industry, as a RN doing treatments, and I know it was a Yag.   I will not be going back, once I complete this Groupon package. I am disappointed with their customer service as well. They are not friendly and talk down to clients.
1 I contacted Simplicity laser, by email via the website, about my concerns and have not been acknowledged. BTW I have had no (zero) fallout from my last treatment. I am so annoyed at this place!
1 Still, no response from Simplicity. I am going to write to them again today. I want an additional treatment to make up for the last one.
1 I have received a message from the corporate office manager, Jeanette, related to my  email but have not actually spoken to her-I did call her back twice, so far. My last call was Monday Oct 28, 2013 prior to my scheduled laser hair removal (LHR) apt but she just stepped into a meeting.   I went to my appointment. Staff escorted me to the YAG room. I refused treatment. Told them that they have lied to me and I would not have treatment with the YAG. I left and wrote the following email to the corporate office.....  I am incredibly unhappy with the services at the Scottsdale,AZ office!!!!!! I have exchanged messages with Jeanette at the corporate office in Utah but have not been successful in an actual conversation. My final attempt at an effective treatment was Monday October 28, 2013 at 2pm at the Pima Rd location. I left without getting LHR treatment and at this point, I would appreciate a refund for four of the six paid treatments. The staff is offensive and unfriendly and lie about the laser they use!!!! I am appalled!! I worked as a registered nurse in medical aesthetics for two years, I do have knowledge and the staff disregard clients opinions and expectations. Please contact me for discussion of a refund. Thank you, Carolyn Burr  I hope they make things right. I'll let you know
1 If you want to feel a LOT of pain use their hair removal service.  When I visited this place it was my first time using laser and I was naive enough to believe that laser hair removal was a painful thing.  Shop around and you will see that there are other providers with much better equipment that is NOT painful at all. Do not use this provider. Avoid at all costs!
