5 I was super fortunate to attend some soft pre opening festivities.. We were the first drinks served out of the bar! The space is absolutely gorgeous with the Mastro attention to appearance and detail throughout.. a stunning patio and bar area, and the restaurant is divided into many different little "Areas" giving a lot of different environments to dine in.. The food: We were some of the first food to be served out of the kitchen as well.. We charged our way though a massive sampling of dishes.. Chilled Seafood, Pork Belly, Ahi Tuna, Bone-in Ribeye, Lobster Tail, Bone-in Filet, Corn Crème Brulee (Too Die For) Au Gratin Potatoes, Mushroom, Scallops, Stuffing, Brussel Sprouts... Every dish was absolutely amazing.. Like they have been serving this food in this  kitchen for years.. Perfect temperatures, great flavors, and ultra premium ingredients. Desserts were playful, and a bit nostalgic.. Smores, Banana Split, Coffee and doughnuts.. The service was some of the best I have received in the Valley.. The server assistants were extremely attentive to table maintenance, Our server AJ was phenominal.. The prices are "Get what you pay for"  All in all.. real competition in the Arcadia Biltmore area  for Hillstone, The Henry, and Donovans..
5 We went to the soft opening. This place is beautifully decorated and very inviting. It was Great experience and wonderful food and drinks! Service was superb and I am beyond thrilled to say that I would have changed nothing about my dining experience there. Highly recommended!!!!!! Must try!
5 It's five star and beyond. Great addition to the Arcadia area!  Seafood tower and beets salad were wonderful, followed by bone in filet and lobster mac n cheese. Can't wait for my next visit to Steak 44!  Enjoy, the service is great!
5 In my humble opinion...it's the coolest spot in the Valley.  Everything was double great.  Wonderful ambiance.  More than acceptable level of sound.  Food and service perfect.  A nice touch is the ability to order a smaller sized steak.   Been to all of the steak specialty spots and none compare to the evening we had tonight. Take Dominick's and make it a bit more casual...but with the same high quality food and service.  I wish I could buy stock in Steak 44...as it will be a huge success.  The meal and evening is worth whatever drive you have to make to get there. LOVED IT.  Can;t wait to return. Thanks Oliver! Larry
5 I went to Steak 44 the other evening and everything was amazing. Our server Michael Robertson was incredible. He recommended all of our dishes which were all amazing and wines to pair with our meals. We will definitely be coming here often. It was one of my best dining experiences I've ever had...food and service. I had Michael write down his name for me so I can request him the next time I come in. And I suggest you all request him as well. I loved everything about Steak 44 and would recommend it to anyone.
4 Stunning! This is one of the hottest spots in Scottsdale. Only recommendation is to open up the outside seating for those in the bar at least during Happy Hour. Otherwise, a great experience.
4 Great food and outstanding service.  Save room for the smore cup dessert.  It's worth every indulgent calorie.
4 Hopping Thursday Eve and plenty of attentive servers. High energy and greetings upon arrival distract us from the fun architectural details - to be absorbed on the way out.  High end front door parking, with fake grass and pavers, is very fun and should endure the western sun. Only bad news at initial greeting was that there was no happy hour. They graciously seat us when we realize tables are available in bar area. Again, great interior options in the bar - including automated shades - that intrigue patrons and inspire the design challenged home decorator.   Ok, drink & eats! Thanks for a broadly priced wine list. Caution on over pouring the patrons as the wine is to be savored. The appetizer oysters were fun but the blanket of pepper swayed us away from a seafood entree. Steaks were indeed perfect... The Delmonico a bit fatty.  Filet has a crisp burnt finish but beautifully rare interior and flavor. Butter generously used with veggie sides. Horseradish extremely fresh and enjoyed.  Truly felt pampered and Steak 44 is striving to be the creme of the Arcadia steak houses. (Enjoy the bar chandelier on the way out plus the wine & knife collection.)
5 Ok so this great new place opens right by us and I was so hoping it would be good. Well it is AWESOME. Amazing food but really the services puts it above all the rest of the ice places. They go way out of their way to make you enjoy.
5 Best steak I've ever had!!!!! Great build out.  Beautifully decorated. Previously, BLT Steakhouse and LG's in Palm Springs were our faves.   We sat towards the back by the kitchen where it might be a little more private and quiet than the front of the restaurant.  Great service. Great drinks...$14 drink that actually gave me a nice buzzzzzzz.  The bread that comes out was fan flippin tastic!!!!!! Be careful not to eat any more than 2 pieces of the bread or u will ruin your dinner!!! I went with 8oz filet med well and it was so perfect and tender.  All sides were yummy.  Asparagus fries were a nice surprise.  Mmmmmmm. We will be back soon!
3 It was decent. I came here expecting great but the service was a bit off and the food just above average. Kind of like Dominick's. Good but something missing. Not gonna displace City Hall for me..
5 Actual rating is 4.5 stars, which is very impressive for a restaurant that has been open just one week.  One thing to appreciate about the Mastros team is that they know what they do well and do not greatly depart from it. They really have the steakhouse formula down to a science and so Steak 44 is just the logical extension of what they have historically excelled at. The core of the menu is expertly cooked steaks and seafood, ala carte traditional sides (with some twists), raw bar, cocktails and good selection of wine.  I had heard that Steak 44 was intended to be a more casual and less expensive concept than some previous ventures. It doesn't seem to me that it is really less expensive, but it is a bit more casual. The interior of the place is drop dead amazing. It one of the best look restaurants in the state and is sort of compartmentalized, which helps with noise and privacy while still keeping you in the action. Our favorite "compartments" are the booths that have a glass wall shared by the kitchen. That is a very risky thing for a restaurant to do, but it really lets you be in the furious action of the kitchen, while shielded from noise and heat.  As for the menu, the Mastro folks have decide to offer some smaller choices, which has been a "complaint" at other venues (all you really need to do is split things, though). There are smaller steaks and larger steaks. The salads, sides and desserts are now individual size versus shareable, which allows for a lighter meal or the ability to try more items.  The great: deep fried deviled eggs, raw bar, perfectly cooked steaks, halibut, brussel sprouts, tempura asparagus, cocktails, sorbets. The halibut was probably the tastiest and most skillfully cooked halibut i've had in a long time.  Could use work: the bread course (bread balls browned in a cast iron skillet with herbed butter) - messy and not that good, steakhouse stuffing (seems like the same bread balls reformatted) - unexciting and lacking in texture.  The service was excellent, balancing cordiality with professionalism, which is a tough balance to hit. Our waiter, AJ, was very knowledgeable and paced the meal appropriately.  I am very impressed with this new undertaking by the Mastros team, particularly with how well executed it is right from the start.
2 Huge disappointment.  There were some nice aspects.   First impression was great to myself and my best friend. She loved the ambiance as I did. The wine list was really good and they past Veuve Champagne around for everyone for a toast at 6pm. Great impression. My husband did not necessarily have the Same opinion  We were seated and anxiously wanting to try many items.   Veal meatball appetizer sounded fabulous. We ordered one for 3.  Shares a filet.  Ordered Rack of Lamb.  Lobster mashed potatoes.  Chopped salad.  Stone crabs and  butter cake for dessert   Meatballs were dry and marginal at best.   Lobster mashed potatoes were surprisingly marginal as well.  Surprised something like this wouldn't be fabulous. Large lumps of lobster however.   Stone crabs appeared to be the best item ordered.    Rack of Lamb was good. Spiced well.  No sauce on side or even a drizzle of mint   That would have been nice.   Chopped salad was enjoyed but to me very boring. My husband enjoyed it   Nothing to speak about.   Butter cake is loved by people eating in general but not this one. Sadly it was dry. But good flavor.   I almost gave a 3 atar but a 2.5 at best  Part of disappointment was hype of new restaurant.   Overall hard pressed to believe it could compete in this market.   Bar was a good selection. They may survive on that alone. But can't be for long.   Sad and disappointed. Thought it might be my new favorite.
4 I was the #1 Cork and Cleaver fan so I was pissed for over a year and not thrilled. However we went last week and maybe they had all the bell's and whistles out cause the opening but this is Mastro's best yet.  Food was awesome, great staff, I'd give it an easy 4.5/5.0. #UTRIP
4 This newly opened eatery is destined to be a big hit. Lots of beautiful people and a great bar scene! If you are single, go there and you will probably meet a new friend to dine with. We were visiting from LA and went with our cousins. Had a nice table adjacent to the kitchen windows which are highly visible throughout the establishment. We ordered a plethora of great appetizers follow by great entrees and wonderful side dishes. We split a rich and hilarious slice of butter cake for dessert. Everything was up to our high standards except our wait for the entrees was slow. A really fun time and will go back next time we are in town.
5 Made reservations for birthday dinner for a Friday night. The restaurant was very busy.  First time to this restaurant since it was cork and cleaver. A few changes and updated decor for steak 44 compared to cork and cleaver. I liked the entrance where it had many of the cleaver menus from the previous restaurant hung on the wall.  The first noticeable thing as we sat down at a table was the loud talking from the restaurants where you could barely hear the other person sitting across the table. Almost to the point where it was becoming annoying that the people were so loud.  The fresh bread that started the meal was hot and fresh and delicious. Ordered the bone in ribeye, loaded baked potatoes and asparagus. The ribeye came out sizzling and stay that way for at least 10 minutes into the meal. The baked potato came with two potatoes in the order and was fully loaded like it said it would be. The ribeye was perfectly prepared juicy and tender. One of the better rib eye steaks that I've had in quite some time.  A few very nice touches in detail at the restaurant were that they used crumb blade to clean off the table many times and after the meal brought hot warm towels to clean your hands.  Since we were there celebrating my birthday they comped a dessert which we chose the red velvet bread pudding. This was exceptional and would recommend  this dessert.  Overall I would rank this restaurant in the new hot business category. Highly recommend this restaurant if you have not been there food service atmosphere and overall customer satisfaction is at it's highest.
5 Yes please! Enough said. It was a sweet surprise to come here on a busy Friday night. My friend and I sat at the high top table right inside the lounge and let the high class customer service begin. I wanted to try something different than what my usual order is at Mastros City Hall. We started with the meat and cheese plate. Every cheese and meat was of high quality and flavorful. I ordered the Chilean sea bass with the creme brûlée corn Asa a side. Every bite was AHHMazing. This place is on my list to come back..sooner rather than later.
5 I came into steak 44 again last night with a group of friends and sat on the patio. It seemed busy as always. Our server, Michael was terrific. He explained the menu and even suggested wines to pair with what we ordered.  All of our food was terrific! The corn brûlée was on of the best side dishes I've had. And we wouldn't have ordered it unless our server suggested it. Overall another great experience and I'm sure this restaurant is going to do very well! I just wanted to thank the staff and especially our server Michael for making our night out an amazing one. We will be back for sure, and I highly recommend trying out steak 44 if you haven't yet! Thanks again for another great dining experience..
5 Really liked this place!! Great Dirty Martini, perfect meatloaf and the Corn Creme brûlée was to die for!! I will definitely be back and hopefully be able to save room for dessert!! Went on a weekend night and it was busy and loud... I'll probably go back during the week next time.
4 My husband and I waited and waited for Cork & Cleaver to re-open but were pleasantly surprised to hear that Steak 44 (of Mastro's fame) was opening there. We decided to go for my birthday last night. We were seated at a two-top table right at the corner between two rooms. Our server and the busboys were all very nice however it was very difficult for us to hear anything they were saying because of the noise level. Our server was describing some of the various items on the menu and I only heard bits and pieces of what he was saying. The entire evening, my husband and I had to keep repeating ourselves because the noise level was so extreme.    We ordered the fried calamari and shrimp as an appetizer because I like calamari and my husband likes shrimp. While there was a very ample portion of calamari, there were only 2 small shrimp in the order. My husband mentioned his disappointment to our server and he did send the manager over who apologized and comped the appetizer. That was very nice of him to do that. By the way, the calamari was delicious - cooked to perfection (not rubbery).  I had the filet mignon and my husband has the bone-in ribeye - both were cooked exactly the way we ordered them and were delicious. I also had the Dominick's potatoes and the brussels sprouts. The potatoes were good but not really special but the brussels sprouts were wonderful. We had the red velvet bread pudding for dessert. It was good but perhaps a little too sweet.  All in all, I thought the food and the service was great. I could not, however, give it 5 stars due to the noisiness of the restaurant - I left there with a headache. I would highly recommend the restaurant for its food and service, however, I would not recommend going there for a quiet or romantic dining experience.
4 This place gets 3 of its 4 stars just because they have the butter cake on the menu.  Really though, it was a great experience. It was all the good stuff about Mastro's but with slightly lower prices and fewer pretentious weirdos. We came for a friend's 30th birthday and I will DEFINITELY be coming back. They actually had a few cuts of meat that aren't on Mastro's menu (and a few missing that are staples at their sister restaurant). I shared the 44oz bone-in ribeye with another girlfriend, which was the perfect portion size for the two of us. The butter on top was heavenly, as always. But the apps are really what did it for me.  My boyfriend and I started with the meatballs and the braised pork belly (hey, if pork belly is on the menu, you ALWAYS order the pork belly). Both were amazingly melt-in-your-mouth and very filling portions for two people.  With dinner, we ordered the following sides to share between a group of 6:  the mashed (4 stars) mac & cheese (5 stars) vidalia onion strings (if 6 stars existed, that's what these would be) wild mushrooms (didn't try. i hate mushrooms)  Finally, it was dessert time. Now if you've never had the butter cake from Mastro's, I'm not exaggerating when I tell you that you have not fully lived. You NEED to eat this stuff. It needs to be on your bucket list, you need to eat the whole thing by yourself, and you need to not share any with anyone no matter how much you love them. They can get their own and they will thank you for it. One bite may or may not give you diabetes, just be prepared for that.  So my boyfriend and I obviously got one of those, and we also shared the s'mores in a jar. It was deliciously mallow-y and gooey. If I had to choose between the two desserts, obviously s'mores would lose every time (sorry, s'mores), but it's definitely number 2 on the list!  Go here, eat too much, and enjoy every minute of it. Great experience.
3 Not impressed at all.  Nice place, nice decoration but the food is just meh.  The wedge salad was good, the spinach was OK but the pork belly was't that great.  The prices aren't that bad, so I would say the place is a 3.5 but when it comes to round up I'll go to 3 with this place.  Cheers.
5 Amazing!  We dined here Friday night with friends and all expectations were exceeded. Interesting apps (loved the fried deviled eggs), fresh salad of heirloom tomatoes, and a perfectly cooked filet. And the strawberry butter cake was considered best dessert ever by all at table.  Cheers to the wine list..all price points possible.   We were seated in a back room after going through the kitchen. It was nice and quiet and far removed from the more boisterous bar and other dining area. Just make sure you let them know the vibe you seek.
5 The steak was fabulous! I also recommend the beat salad (I prefer with no goat cheese), brussel sprouts and mushrooms! Watch out for the Parmesan bread- it's makes your mouth water! Also, if you are into dessert then our group loved the mini s'more and it's great for sharing!
5 Yum!!!  Ask for Gabby!!  Excellent!!! All the way around!!!  The Chablis, by William Fevre is delicious!!!
5 Steakhouse are challenged to come up with a way to set themselves apart. Steak 44 did it by simply serving the best meal, backed by excellent service.   My wife and ordered an appetizer, 3 entrees, and 4 sides. No need to list them. All excellent.  We were next to a raucous table, which didn't bother us, but the manager offered to move us. Nope. We were fine with it. But we did request they dim the light, and they did, immediately.  It's our new Go To restaurant.
5 Great steak cuts, perfectly prepared, nice hot plate. Sides were awesome and service very good! We will go back.
5 The food was excellent.  The mac and cheese with lobster, the lobster was plentiful and big chunks.  The New York was juicy and the Sea Bass was divine.  The Ginger Peach drink was refreshing :)  Travis, our server, was very personable.  Definitely recommend and will go back.
5 I drove in from Ca last night and stopped here for a drink and some late night bar snacks.  They make a mean Martini! Don't order a second one or you'll be walking on your lips for the rest of the night.  I had some shrimp and a wedge salad, both of which were excellent. However, it was the bar staff that made the visit so enjoyable. All the bar staff were very attentive, friendly and made time for brief conversations with the guests.  I'll be going back next time I'm in town.
1 What a disappointment! I loved Cork & Cleaver and was looking forward to the opening of Steak 44.   I took my son, daughter-in-law and two granddaughters with me for a celebration. I mentioned several times to the staff that it was their 15th wedding anniversary, but none of them said or did anything to make our visit a special occasion.   I couldn't believe that at such a nice restaurant the kids' drinks were served in styrofoam cups!   I was still looking forward to my steak only to find out that it was cheap, grain-fed steak, not pastured, grass-fed! Our steaks were served on plates so hot that they were sizzling and were overcooked in no time. Both were black on both sides. My son had to send his steak back initially, as his medium looked just like my medium-rare, and when it came back to him it was black, though it was cooked to medium. He couldn't eat a quarter of it because it was too hard to chew.  The Brussels sprouts and rolls were like rocks. The desserts were nothing special, and the kids didn't even want to finish them.   The one bright spot was the attitudes of the staff. They were lovely and proud to work there.  I will never return to Steak 44 again.
2 One star for the food, a second for the people watching.   I'm being generous.   Four of us walked in at 9 PM on a Thursday, all wearing suits and in good spirits. Sat at the bar, hoping to have a drink and ultimately something to eat because we just came from a conference and were starving.   I live just north of Steak 44, in Paradise Valley and was really hoping to like the place so that it could become a regular go-to destination.   I ended up in embarrassed to take my out-of-town colleagues there. It wasn't as if the bartenders were spending more time with other patrons among the light crowd, they weren't really paying attention to anyone.   Finally, "What would you like to drink"? I've never been here before, so how about offering to help me out with the wine selection?  I guess I'll hurry up and choose something since I seem to be imposing.   Likewise, absolutely zero assistance, enthusiasm or even advice about the food menu. I ended up getting the meatloaf with béarnaise on the side (my substitution), which was actually quite tasty.   There are too many other great restaurants in the area to put up with mediocre service. I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
5 Met with some friends for dinner last night to check this place out. Even for a Thursday night it was crowded and lively.   They did quite a job renovating the spot. Gorgeous inside. Also quite a bit Bigger than it looks.  Let's talk food.  Appetizers: shrimp. Spicy, crunch, delicious. The meatballs were tasty and better than expected. Fried calamari was pretty standard, nothing exciting. Also split a small ceaser salad which had a poached egg on top. Nice little touch.  Entree: I happened to be starving when we ordered so I went with the 22oz bone-in ribeye. It's came out cooked perfectly. They use some sort of house seasoning with garlic and cayenne I think. It really brought the steak to a better level. I am salt addict and I really didn't have to add anything to it. One of the better steaks I have had in a while.  Sides: the creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, Brussel sprouts were all pretty standard and yummy. The Mac and cheese was exceptional.  Desert: the only part of the meal that I was not impressed with. I shared the strawberry butter cake which is mandatory when visiting a Mastro's restaurant. They flavor was there but the cake was dry and overcooked. Not to say that it didn't disappear quickly but it was not the typical butter cake I have come to crave from Mastro's.  Overall, service was great, food was awesome, steak was epic, and I need to go to the gym. Welcome to Phoenix steak44.
5 Is there a meal you have had that you will never forget?  You will never forget this place.  The food is amazing.  You really could cut your steak with a fork.  It is that tender and delicious.  Forget the steak sauce.  You will enjoy the flavor of the steak just as is.  It comes out on a 400 degree plate.  The sides,  Absolutely wonderful.  They put a little twist on each one and 1 side is more than plenty to share.  But get two,  it is impossible to pick just one.  The service,  unbelievable.  The best ever.  We were a large group of 20.  They put us in a room of our own.  We had 5 waiters/servers who were very attentive,  friendly, fun and I know it is a big job when you ask to have separate checks for everyone, but the waiter did and there was not one mistake on anyone's check.   Some of us finished with a dessert.  The red velvet bread pudding was lush.  It wasn't too sweet and even though I was full, I still had to have another bite.    If you are looking for a great steak, you must absolutely try this place.  You will not be disappointed.
3 Food was good. Excellent waiter. Unfortunately the other seververs blew it for me.  The food runners where awful. They quickly and heavily dropped off our food at our table. They slammed the hot plates down so aggressively it startled everyone at my table. One buser even tried to take my plate while I was eating. Guess 9 pm we should have left.  Another food runner must have asked me 10 times if I was done yet.  Then we ordered dessert at 9:20 pm. The "dessert deliverer" was awful and rude. I have no idea what was going on there, but I will take my dinning else where.
2 I went here with a group for a birthday. The hostess where very polite and helpful. The food was nothing to get excited over. I had the Halibut which came out very dry and bland. For sides we shared the crispy asparagus, sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts. I could not even eat the brussel sprouts, they were completely over done, greasy, and overly salted. The crispy asparagus was okay, but the sauce was horrible. The menu listed it as a spicy aioli. Unfortunately it was just mayo and ketchup. The sweet potatoes were another mess. Overly sweet mush. I probably would not eat here again. The ambience is nice and the bar seemed to be pretty happening.
3 I personally like Mastro's steakhouse for the price vs this place. However there are very similar contrasts.   Got a 8 oz cut steak that really looked like a 6 oz cut  Its alot smaller dinning room that mastro's however nicely remodel For a first time experince it was ok again the price for the cut of meat was about 30 almost 40 or so dollars if I want to pay that price I think Ill end up at mastro's but since vegas has nice steak places and no longer there expcept on visits then yea.   Will give it another chance, The quality of food gets 5 stars however portion size makes it 3 stars.. and bye judging bye some photos it looks smaller side stuff
5 Awesome place! Spacious! Generally filled with people of the upper class (me excluded). If it's date night, get a table ...away from the bar. When the bar area gets full, there's standing room only. I cannot seem to understand the people who are complaining about the noise level when they are sitting in the BAR AREA! If you want peace and quiet, make a reservation and sit your arse in one of the dining rooms!   This place goes the extra mile to make sure patrons are catered to properly. All staff that I encountered were friendly and adorned with smiles. Gabby and Daniel made a point to introduce themselves to me. The food that I've ordered have always been presented to my liken.  Nice, unusual bathroom setup.
5 My family had frequented the cork and cleaver and were so so sad when it burned down. We waited and waited for what new place would be resurrected... Well Steak 44 did not disappoint. We had a fantastic experience. The decor was modern and stylish , the food was absolutely amazing. From the warm bread, to the flavorful shrimp appetizer, and the Mac n cheese, creamed spinach and the del monte steak that we all shared was so delicious. The service from ever single person we encountered was above and beyond and so kind. We just sat in the bar!!! Amazing experience. Can't wait to go back! Next time I visit My hometown AZ from SD.
5 I have been waiting to try since it opened and I was so not disappointed.  The bar was busy for drinks before dinner but bartender never let us go unnoticed behind the others. The drinks were great pours and atmosphere was wonderful.       Once seating we were taken care of like we were the only ones there!  Matt our server was Outstanding !! He was nice, funny, and just wonderful service.   I work in the customer service industry so this is very important and he hit all high marks!  Keep up the great work. I can't wait to go back!
5 My wife is a recently recovered vegetarian and has been delving into the world of steaks.  It was her birthday so I made us reservations here. I mentioned it was her birthday in the reservation notes section of their online system.  We arrived about ten minutes late, yet were seated immediately. The place is nicely decorated and has a modernistic style to it. We were sat by a window, and it was a nice table. We were seated at approximately 6:10pm and the restaurant was busy, but not overcrowded. The noise level was faint, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation. This was refreshing since most places seem to be noisy these days.  Our waiter (which I regret not getting his name so that I could mention it here) was very friendly, and joked around with us. He was personable and fun. There were also several "floaters" refilling water, taking plates, etc. Everything service was handled efficiently and politely.  We both ordered Petite Filets. We shared the Mashed Potatoes and Mac and Cheese.   The food was excellent, and delivered quickly. Both steaks were prepared properly and quite flavorful. The mashed potatoes were excellent, as was the Mac and Cheese. The serving size was more than we could eat. Overall the food was excellent, and compared to other places I have had similar, the pricing was right on-par.  We were going to order dessert, however the waiter brought out their signature dessert with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate on the plate. That was unexpected and quite pleasant. The dessert was Strawberry/Vanilla ice cream on their Butter Cake. It was excellent. I would have gladly paid for it, but they served it free of charge for the occasion.  We both had ice teas, and the total bill excluding tip was ~$107 dollars. I felt this was right in line with the quality of service, food, and experience.   We will definitely return, and were quite pleased with Steak 44.
4 Absolutely delicious! Our waiter Ryan was amazing and the food was to die for. My favorite was the colossal shrimp! My eyes are still watering from the horseradish! If you are visiting or live in Phoenix you must try this place!
3 Amazing service. The service alone make its worth coming for. The fried devil eggs were amazing as well. The steak was great however the person who decided to add a pound of salt to the outside for seasoning clearly made a big boo boo. I only could finish half my steak because it was so salty, and it wasn't just mine every persons steak at the table was the same. We also had the oysters. I would recommend a pass on these. We had a few on here that were on the border of turning and I wouldn't call them fresh in any sort. I would recommend they switch their distributor.
4 Love this new place. Great lively atmosphere! We started off with the amazing fresh baked bread they bring out, and then had a crab & avocado stack which was really fresh and delicious. Shared the NY strip which was good.. Just not my favorite cut of meat. We had the baked potato side which was amazing!!! Overall great experience, will be back!
4 Husband and I came here for a date night.  It was a Friday night at about 8:30 and there was still a 45 min wait for a table. We ended up being sat right away in the bar area which was fine with us.  The service was great.  Our server was polite and attentive.  Drinks and food came out as expected.  The food was excellent!  Hubby had a steak and potatoes, I ordered a salad and a side.  Everything was very well prepared.   The crowd on the other hand was... interesting... a lot of older men wearing bedazzled jeans and button downs and a ton of cougars.  I don't know if this is a regular occurrence, or just happened to be this night.  But the people watching was on point.  Seems like a lot of the Scottsdale Quarter/Kierland regulars decided to take a trek down south to Arcadia to have a night out.   Nothing wrong with that- just something we noticed straight away.  Even had a group of men with what appeared to be their "hired dates" for the night.    Luckily the food at this place is enough to keep me coming back, but the whole thing was rather comical.
5 The atmosphere was pleasant. The service amazing.  The Filet was 5 stars and the ribeye was 4 stars. The price was reasonable. And oh was it clean. Definitely a 5 star experience.
5 Exactly what I hope for when my wife and I want a nice night.  Super service, great menu, terrific atmosphere, not much else to ask for.   The staff was really friendly and really seemed to know their menu.   It was a little late, so we skipped the apps. We shared the crab cakes and the bone in ribeye with the lobster mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese sides.  Everything was excellent. Steak cooked perfect, crab cakes more crab than filler, and the sides were soooo good.   We skipped the desert also and I regret it now that I have read a few other reviews. They were mentioned in pretty much everyone.   Just wish we had one back home.
5 Top notch all around.  Great atmosphere, great service, great food.  The service and food is almost the same as you would find at Mastro's; just in a more casual atmosphere.  The price is almost the same though.  My only complaint is that the sides are too small.  I hope to return soon.
5 As good as it gets!  If we could rate over 5 stars, we would.  Excellent food, impeccable service...just an incredible dining experience all the way around.  Our waiter, Rob, was informative, diligent and on top of every aspect of our dinner.  Steak 44 vaults to the top of our list of top restaurants anywhere...and we've been to some of the nation's finest.
3 Imagine a smaller city hall steak house. Food is pretty much the same. Although the plate is much hotter. I was not offered a hot towel after oyster which is bad. I saw people came in with shorts and sandals, no dress code enforced. If I have to choose, I have to say city hall wins.
5 Ate here for a work function and absolutely loved the atmosphere and service!  The food was amazing.  We ordered the deviled eggs, which I would have eaten as my meal!  I loved the attention from the servers as they never let a drink go low and came at the appropriate times without being to much of a bother.  I ordered the lobster tail and it melted in my mouth.  The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were so fresh and clean.  The price was a little high despite not having to pay and it was a work dinner but I would definitely recommend for a special occasion!  Also treat yourself to dessert- the smores in a cup was the best thing I have every tasted!  I would definitely go back for a glass of wine and that dessert the next time I am over in that area.  Great bar atmosphere too!
5 We have so many great steak houses in Phoenix Metropolitan,  that I always judged by what I considered the Best Steak I ever had,  but that was in Montreal.   That is until I ate at Steak 44.  It was the Best Bone in Filet I have ever had and my guest raved about the Ribeye.  Now I don't have to go to Montreal to get the Best Steak.
