4 4.5 stars*****   OH THANK GOODNESS the Boba gods have answered my prayers!!!!!!  I have been so depressed about the lack of boba around Glendale, I think I have literally tried every milk tea at every asian restaurant, market, bakery in this area and all were no bueno! Watered down, powdered, too sweet, not sweet enough.. ARGH!  But this place is not only totally trendy with its red, gold and green paint, cute quotes on the wall, funky furniture, and hip hop music playing in the background... they also have good boba! Snacks too! SOOOO many options! And to top it all off, wonderful service!  I got the honey black milk tea, my friend got the green tea with lychee jelly, and we got an order of popcorn chicken. My friend's tea was delicious, not too sweet and the lychee jelly was the real deal. You can tell they use real tea; it does not taste watered down. I'm used to popcorn chicken served with chilli powder in a bag with an oversized toothpick, but Bomboba's idea of chicken is served on a tray with a side of sweet and sour sauce and veggies. Think mini chicken tenders. Tasty (and probably healthier too) and priced fairly. My drink initially came out under-sweetened but I asked the person behind the counter to add a bit more honey and they fixed it for me, no questions asked. Someone even approached our table later and asked if everything was to my liking now, and it sure was! I like that they blend and not just shake their drinks before adding ice (even their milk teas). It makes the consistency of the tea a little frothier which I love. They also have frozen yogurt with all the topping options and some other yummy eats on their menu like eggrolls, spring rolls, mozzarella sticks, etc.   Overall this place totally gets my approval! Spread the word, Imma make sure Bomboba is here to stay!  P.S. They have stamp cards too, ask for one!!!!
3 This place was pretty good. It was their first week, so I think they were ironing out some kinks. I will try to g0 back and will post an updated review.  The boba was tasty and the drink was good. I liked how clean and neat the restaurant. It had a fun vibe to it.  I had never been to a boba place and tried to find out what to order and how to order. The girl was not super knowledgeable and didn't really help much. So that was a little disappointing. The place was also expensive for boba. Because of the price, I probably won't be going to often.
5 This place is awesome! So far I've only tried the milk tea and Thai tea. And they make it very well. Not a big fan of the boba. Also tried their squid nuggets, FYI: these are not appetizer fried squid balls like the ones at boba tea house, these are actually a stir fry with squid balls, mushrooms, and bell peppers. They need rice to go with it. I still need to try their honeydew and avocado snow! If they do those right, then this place is perfect!!
5 Great iced flavored tea drinks are really good, albiet tad sweet. I order my drinks half-sweet. Assorted jelly, lychee jellyn and boba are also very good.  This is the best and most legit boba place in this part of Arizona!
3 This place is pretty cool. They have 70" LED TVS on opposite walls. A cool place to hang out and socialize. Nice colors in the interior and it's clean--the bathroom, too. Cute Asian girls making Boba is always a plus. Mexican girls too. And a Mexican guy at the cash register--Don't know why....jk.    Anyway the boba is ok....powdery..too sweet...well i guess all boba drinks are made from powder. I wish they have fresh durian or something. But its tastes ok to me..If I'm in the area, but wont drive from Phoenix.
5 I'm head over heels for bomboba! My family went here a couple days before they officially opened and they allowed us to order! Now they no my mom and dads name! Super friendly staff (most of the time), clean interior, drinks are amazing! My fav. is probably the Green Target and the Avocado Shock wasn't my favorite. The Volcano slushi was so good! Ah love this place! Their FroYo isn't great but it isn't bad either, definitely recommended!!
5 The absolute best Boba shop in Arizona! 10 out of 10! They have so much to choose from, fresh fruit smoothies, snow, slush, Teas & YoCream Yogurt.  People are entitled to their own opinions, and its ok if it's the wrong one... for example the user Alice who said they are nasty. Far from it!!!
5 Friendly staff very helpful! My first time trying boba and I loved it! Had the mango snow with boba and assorted jelly! So delicious!
4 Tried their honey green milk tea with boba today and it was pretty good!  Best boba I have had in Glendale/Peoria area.  It may be a little more expensive, but it beats driving all the way to Chandler/Mesa for boba cravings.  This place has potential to be a legit boba place in AZ!
3 Papaya milk tea with boba.  Too much powder.  Nice flat screen TV though.  The quality of tea is highly dependent on who is working that day.
5 I don't typically leave reviews, but Bomboba made me want to create a Yelp account just for that.  I don't think I've ever dined in a place with a more upbeat atmosphere than that at Bomboba. Plus, the employees are always awesome and super friendly. :D  As far as food and drinks go, I have yet to try anything there that I didn't like. And they offer a large variety of options. I personally LOVE the fried rice there (which is a dish I'm usually indifferent to), and the honeydew milk tea, almond milk tea and peanut butter milk tea.  :)
4 Finally, a real Boba Joint.  Thai Iced Tea with Boba is my default drink.  Bomboba does it well.  I will be back to taste the rest of the menu.  I am so excited.  I don't have to go to Vegas or Cali for my Boba.
2 This is just your average Boba House.  The worker didnt seem to know what Boba really was either.  She offered for us to try the new Strawberry Dragon Fruit but we had to buy it instead of sample it.  The worker also told us that it was really good so we bought a small and it was horrible, no real flavor except for the pieces of strawberries and kiwis placed on top.   My husband ordered Taro Milk Tea and I ordered Thai Milk Tea..  Nothing special have definatly had better and was expecting better.  What I did like is that the Boba has a plastic covering so that you cannot spill it.  I would rather spend my money at Lee Lee's right next door.
5 Nom nom nom
4 I'm happy to have more boba options on this side of town! I ordered the ice blended taro boba and it was just what I needed. I know I'll be coming back, especially when it gets hotter outside with the summer coming up! I'll be interested to see how some of their other flavors taste.
3 Being from Southern California where there is a boba location at almost every corner, I thought Bomboba was just ok. Nothing special and forgetful. I had the milk tea which was bland for my taste. The texture of the boba was average. Do pass on the popcorn chicken. Well packaged but lacking flavor with too much batter. Service was fast, courteous and friendly. Great spot to hangout and kill sometime at.
5 Very nice and friendly staff, always smiling, so far every flavor has been great that I've tried so far(taro, papaya, cantaloupe, honeydew, strawberry, milk tea) and the first boba place I've tried popping boba at :)
4 We ordered a taro boba and plain iced tea.  Pretty good!  Boba was fresh.  Decent service.  Nicely decorated.  They even have froyo.  No baby changing station though.  Yes, that is important to some parts of the population.  I'd come back again to try other flavors.
3 Okay first, I am also from SoCal and yes the Taro boba in SoCal is excellent (well most of the time anyways).  The Taro boba at bomb boba is great, not the best but hey for a shop that just opened they are good.  I really miss the loli-cup that was in Avondale though, they were owned and operated by people from California whom knew what they were doing!!!
4 I love relaxed vibe and the friendly staff.  The matcha green tea snow ice blended is my favorite.  I think it is better than Starbucks Green Tea Frap.    If you don't care for their drinks, they do have froyo and other food snacks.  There are not enough boba places in the west valley. We want more!
4 I'm glad I finally found a place that can fix my craving for boba without having to drive to Cali to get it! It is definitely comparable and I just love their Lychee-Flavored Snow with Boba! My favorite!
5 My lil sis took me to this boba place when I visited her in AZ.  At first, I didn't think their drink or food would taste good compared to my hometown in CA.  But I was wrong until I tried their popcorn chicken and fried calamari, it was surprisingly good that I have to come back for more the next couple days.  Their chicken and calamari has a little moist and crunchy on the outside, I love it.  For the drink, if you like durian, then I would recommend the fresh real fruit durian smoothie, that is my favorite.  Or else you can try the Green Milk Tea, it was really good.  Best of all is the service, the staffs are really friendly, they would recommend you what is good and go out of their way to help you!  Hard to find these service in CA!!!
4 The place is inviting but LOUD!  The blenders, tv, people, etc.  WHAT did you say?  LOL!  I got a almond milk tea with boba.  The tea and boba was good.  This place ofters more than milk teas.  Froyo, appetizers food snacks, and other blended drinks.
4 I really like this place.  I've lived in Phoenix my entire life so I can't sit here and complain that it's not as good as all these other places... but I think it's good. They have a really big menu, anywhere from milk teas, fruit teas, snow, slushes... The pineapple slush is really good and refreshing. The only thing I would complain about is it takes a long time to get your drink. I think I waited 10 minutes last time to just get 2 drinks, and they weren't THAT busy. But they do have plenty of things to do while you wait, watching tv, listening to the music, or using their free wifi.  The last time I went, there was a new girl working... you could tell she was new because she wasn't really familiar with the menu. I asked for a Thai Tea Boba blended, and she told me they could only do it iced. Obviously not the case because a) I've had it like 4 times before, and b) IT'S ON THE MENU. LOL... if you're new and you don't know, don't make it up!
4 I tired their milk tea for the first time yesterday, OMG it was so good.  I told them that it my first time there, and they let me taste their most popular flavors and man were they good.  I think I found a new favorite place
5 Had a meet up with some friends and was recommended to try this place. Great food and ABSOLUTELY fantastic prices. Fit all of us easily and very comfortable atmosphere. Tried a smoothie and popcorn chicken, then because we were there so long had a tea and calamari. Both of the meals were delicious and can't wait to have another visit soon!
5 This place is the BOM(boba)!  It's in West Phoenix but it's closer than me going to the East side to get my boba fix.  The only time I actually go here is when I'm grocery shopping at Lee Lee's next door.  Service at this place has always been very friendly.    I ordered the volcano with boba - it was a bit too sweet for me. So I always stick with my usual Taro Slush with Boba.  So good - the best I've had anywhere in this state.  They also have the buy 5 cards so utilize those if you are going to become a regular.
5 Love this boba spot. The ambience is great and the people behind the counter are awesome. As huge boba fan, i still get indecisive when it comes to ordering that perfect flavor. They see it in my eyes and are more then willing to help a guy out. Huge selection to choose from of course and that also includes the perfect  selection of solid food to munch on. Not that big of a coffee fan to hangout at Starbucks to read, but can see myself chilling hear for a read or getting work done. Cant Lie, I was pretty excited they had a punch card...I will definitely be getting my share of free boba. Cant stress how awesome they do that. Happy to of found this place for sure.
2 The girl repeat my order literally 8 times. AND still got it wrong. Wth. Smh. Then one of the co workers came up to her and started talking about her bf while taking my order. It was so rude. They do not have good customer service.   Overall this place is chill. The manager is super sweet.
4 Got my fav honeydew boba here~  You have to make the hard decision of snow vs slush at Bomboba and I went with snow since it sounded cooler. (Not to sure of the difference though, more snowy?)  A big plus of this place imo though is the flavor pearls - an oddity in AZ but pretty common in Cali  Thumbs up - now make one in Tempe!
5 This place by far is the best place to get boba tea! The employees are so nice too! I'm really picky when it comes to boba tea. When I move closer I will be here nearly everyday!
5 Two words: Vermicelli Salad! Fresh, fulfilling and extremely delicious!! I highly suggest to try it along side a natural fruit smoothie or tea with boba! You'll drift off into Bomboba heaven! Every time I go into Bomboba the energy the Staff give off is always warm and welcoming! Don't forget your punch card!!:)
2 Yo & I is a lot better, cleaner and brighter. Reminds me of Yogurtland and has yogurt of the same quality for about the same prince methinks. The last few times I went here, the green tea was really disgusting and sour, and they don't even have outlets so I can do my homework and charge my laptop? How can a place promote wifi and have a single outlet, which is next to the trash can? Their yogurt is also of poor quality, too. I wish my frequent buyer card had more stamps at Yo & I than this place.
4 Awesome Pad Thai! And possibly the first taro milk tea that doesn't taste artificial!
5 Very friendly staff! Didn't take long for drinks to come out. My drink was actually sweeter than how I prefer so I asked if they could do something to it, they did it without question and were so nice about it. Someone even came by our table to check if my drink is better now. It was :) first time here, definitely won't be my last!
3 I haven't been to Bomboba in a while, but I've been to Bomboba many many times since my first review and my first review didn't really review much so this time after having been to bomboba many times and trying many drinks since they first opened, I'd like to update my review~   Every time I stop by, I  get my usual taro or honeydew boba w/ all my usual toppings and always keep an eye out to try something new that I haven't tried before from their version of Halo Halo to the Hello Mango.   Both Taro and Honeydew boba are highly recommended by me to taste/try out at any boba shop if not their milk tea to gauge where a boba shop's "level" is at in terms of flavor and uniqueness.   When I first tried Taro and Honeydew boba, It was immediately recognizable with others I've had before and it wasn't just a flavor that was mainly by scent; so this is good and about average if not a little above; so that's what I usually try to look for when trying Taro and Honeydew~  The Halo Halo, was pretty good I enjoyed the coconut milk style drink with all the fruits and jelly in it; it would be a lot better with blended or shaved ice mixed into it instead of ice cubes - so if you try it, definitely ask them to do that for you!   The Hello Mango is definitely my favorite special drink, freaking mango overload with fresh mango slices up in that lilmama and mango popping boba and mango jelly - that thing is GG, mango for days! If you like mango by any means -  you need to try this out!  If there's no drinks that I'm really interested in then I start to try the new food they have to offer, ranging from Vietnamese sandwiches to their own version of Bo Luc Lac(shaking beef).  I really liked this boba spot once I spoke w/ one of the owners and brought the suggestion of offering Banh Mi or " Vietnamese sandwich" and he actually did it!  The first one I had was DELICIOUS - I praised it higher than Lee Sandwiches & I loved Lee sandwiches(I always get it when I'm in Vegas or on the eastside)!   The pate was delicious, the bread was crispy, the pork loaf was generous thick slices along with the other fillings inside the sandwich and it went perfect with my favorite honeydew boba; but a big disappointment for me was that after that first initial order; all the other orders weren't consistent with the original on other days that I've ordered and there is only one "vietnamese sandwich" style offered so I figured that couldn't be why it  wasn't consistent as other times. It was weird as I'd have thin slices of pork loaf and other fillings would be plus or minus in comparison to the first one.   So I was really disappointed and shortly later I heard they stopped offering it, but I can understand if they didn't have enough demand for it and let it be.   One door closes and another opens, as shortly after that they started offering Pad Thai! I was very skeptical on how this would turn out but I'm glad I tried it! Their Pad Thai made by Devon(one of the owners) is freaking delicious! It's very high on my list of best tasting Pad Thai in AZ! Some days I'd be ordering 2 and bring it home! I highly recommend people to try it out if you're willing to try something new at Bomboba - I'd get it every week if the shop was closer to my house!     Ps. Don't be afraid to try out different boba toppings in your drinks to switch things up, assorted & flavored jelly to popping boba and pudding!
3 As far as the west valley goes, Bomboba rules the west.  With their vast amount of flavors and their use of punch cards, it's easy to understand why Bomboba is so popular and always really busy.  I do like how they have tiny menus as I keep one at work.  It's a favorite establishment for my friends but I still prefer an east valley boba place more.  Bomboba just has a mushier soggier tapioca ball [not to be confused with soft and fresh] that I don't like.  I still have yet to try their snacks.
5 I'm Soo glad I found this place! Good milk tea and fresh boba. New and clean!! The afternoon staff is friendly and I would say without a doubt this place is just as good as any boba place I've been to in Los Angeles. Very happy the boba gods have blessed Phoenix with this place.
5 Darn the crunchy chow mein will change your life!! It's that good! Like I said before in my last deleted comment, this place is great and the employees are super nice. This is truly a hidden gem in Phoenix.
3 Not bad. Not bad at all. I would give this place 4-stars rating if it had something AMAZING. Like if they had a special drink or something unusual, but other than that this place isn't too bad. The first time I came here, I ordered 3 drinks, just to get a fairly balance rating. 2 out of 3 drinks were a bit powdery so they could shake the drinks a little more. Other than that this place isn't too bad.
5 This place is awesome!!! I will definitely be coming here more often. The service was great and it is by far the best boba I have ever had! I didn't even know about the popping pearls until I came here. If you have never tried this place you definitely need to!
1 Ok service. Out of the 4 Boba drinks, 2 were correct and the drinks were powdered flavor not fresh.  It took about 20mins for them to complete the order. They don't deserve 1 star.
5 My family and I love this place. Best boba and fresh. They really have large quantity and choices to indulge in. They also have great customer service and really care that you leave their place of business satisfied.
5 I love this place, I always get fast service, excellent tasting drinks, and good vibes! The management even take the time to know me by name now!   Make sure you start a punch card so you can earn free drinks!   I just wish that they would get taro flavored frozen yogurt! :D
5 Boba tea is hard to find on the west side. I found a place on 35th ave and the service was horrible, but still went until I decided to look for somewhere else that appreciated my business. So i found this place and instantly was a regular!! Love it!!!! I make about 3-4 stops a week for the strawberry shaved boba shake with extra tapioca... I would totally recommend this place for newbies to the boba tea, it will definately make you a fan!!!
4 Bomboba is the BOMB simply put.. The Thai tea blended is my fave Ive had it many times. Although it does depend on who makes the drink for maximum goodness. Plus the frequent Bomboba drinker punch cards are an awesome incentive. Look forward to trying somethin new soon..
2 Great drinks but service is painfully slow. The extremely loud music makes it difficult to chat with friends.
5 Came on a Sunday afternoon & this place was PACKED! I got their green raspberry tea with assorted jellies & my husband got their horchata milk tea. Both were soooo good! Service was a little slow due to how busy they were but I will def be back to try some more drinks. Menu was crazy huge!
5 Bomboba's name says it all! It is the best Boba I have ever had and I've been to many many places in different states.  These guys are the REAL deal! The owners and staff of Bomboba are extremely nice! They will conversate with you and make you feel at home.  I really appreciate business owners who take pride in their product and cleanliness of their establishment such as this place.  You NEED to go to Bomboba and try this place, you will be addicted like my girlfriend and I, we LOVE this place!!!!
3 I use to live by this place for years and I never thought to try it out. I do love the energy that this place gives off. I've been 3 times in the past couple weeks and man is it always packed. The drinks are good. I've had a peanut butter, banana cream, and Horchata milk tea all with Boba. Like I said the drinks are good, but honestly they taste kind of watered down. I tried a banana cream milk tea at Yo and I and it was much more flavorful yet the rest of that place leaves a lot to be desired. Bomboa has a cool, hip, ambience and that could make up for the lack of flavor in the drinks. My review will probably change once I try the food and other drinks there. But for the most part I was satisfied with the place even if you can expect at least a 10 minute wait for your drink just because of how crowded the place can get.
5 This place is fantastic. There's literally hundreds of different drink and yogurt options,  plus food! I have loved everything I have tried so far. Plus the staff are very friendly and get to know u personally.  I would definitly recommend this place to anyone. I don't even bother with Starbucks anymore. I drive 20 minutes out of my way on  almost a daily basis to get my cake batter frappe.  The prices are reasonable as well.  I can honestly say that im a boba addict now.  Lol seriously check them out people.  You don't know what ur missing.
5 Coming from Nor Cal there's a lot of boba joints and this boba place is so far. I love it though. Definitely worth the drive
3 To be exact, I would rate this 2.5 star.    I was there around 6pm Monday, quite a few people waiting for their drinks. Wait time is long, about 20 minutes for a drink. The blenders are pretty noisy even with special cover.   I ordered Taro milk tea with Boba, it looks and taste more like a smoothie instead of milk tea, its consistency is thick.  It was also too sweet but I guess some people may like it.  The Boba taste OK, a little chewy and sweet.  Want to try their fried rice and noodles next time, so will give it a second try if I'm around the corner, but will ask for less sugar for the drinks.
4 Yummy. It was our first time a few days ago and they were helpful.
3 Everything drinkwise is great from this place. Obviously they are a hit because no matter when you visit there is a line to the door. Great prices. The problem is the 45 minute wait to get a smoothie. Honestly pretty ridiculous. Visited roughly 10 times and never waited less than a half hour. I would visit far more often if the wait time was less. They need to purchase more mixers or hire more people.
3 One of the better boba shops in AZ, but the service is extremely extremely slow.
5 This place is fantastic. The staff is friendly and likes to dig down deep to find out what you'll like the best by encouraging you to try new things. I've been coming here frequently for the past month and have tried several different drinks I wouldn't have normally gotten and I'm glad I did.
5 After taste-testing many of the restaurants and tea shops for boba tea in Phoenix metropolitan area, I can say that Bomboba serves the best tasting Boba tea.  Their Pad Thai is great too!
1 This place is pretty bad... got a honeydew boba that took forever to get. The boba balls tasted like dirty fingers or dishrags, maybe a combo of the two. The drink tasted like over milked sugar. No distinct flavor. Horrible experience. Will not be returning this tacky place. Waste of money. If I could give zero stars I would.
5 I have been to this place several times, and EVERY time it's busy, but that should tell you that their product is GREAT. I love their milk teas and boba, in-fact I ask for extra boba. I have tried milk teas at other places around town and I can say I will always go back to BOMBOBA for my milk teas. Their staff is always helpful and friendly, I have yet to have anything bad. If you want good milk teas this place is a MUST!  Love Ya Bomboba Team :)
4 Huge menu selection, delicious drinks. Service is mediocre, they forgot about my order after 20 minutes! They did give me a voucher for a free drink, so I guess we're cool.
5 This place is so great! Customer service is great! And their Boba taste soooo good! They will make anything and everything for you! We drive all the way from central Phoenix.  Most defiantly worth the drive! Well be coming here much more!
1 Went here a few months back for half of boba tea.. honestly I order 3 different drinks and it was super bitter and wasn't even sweet! Thai tea! And milk tea! I thought maybe they had forgotten to sweeten it so I order another Thai tea because I threw the first one away and the second one came out tasting horrible as well..  I wanted to go back and give them another chance but they left rude comments and bashing another boba tea place, YO&I, on my instagram!  I don't want to be associated with this place ever again. Who would stoop that low.. embarassing themselves.
1 30 min wait for 2 drinks... Add an extra 10 minutes because they skipped my order. 3 groups later they still haven't gotten around to making 2 milk teas... A customer who arrived after me ordered, got his drink, decided he didn't want that flavor, & had it remade before I got my drink order. Lack of customer service and poor work flow will keep me far away from this place. I'd give it -5 stars if I could. Put away that tip jar folks cause you don't deserve it.
3 Relocation to Phoenix brings about a struggle to find Boba or Milk tea similar to that of California where I'm originally from ... After some Yelping and Bomboba's as the closest location to me I decided to trek out here for some late night boba to see how AZ does it.  Pretty full house, with some bar tables available and extensive menu hanging on the wall. Since I'm typically wary of milk tea I opted for the Lychee Green Tea with Boba here to see how well they brew tea, the flavors and the texture of the Boba.  For a regular sized drink it's about $3.50, the tea was slightly on the bitter side most likely from being brewed too hot or for too long. The Lychee flavor was typical and the Boba texture was just right, chewy however lacking sweetness and flavor. They're pretty heavy on ice here too.  The service is a bit on the slow side, even with three employees working. Took about 5+ minutes to get my drink, which would take less time since it's just a Green Tea with flavoring.  They provide board games or cards here for people to entertain themselves and to hang out with friends while sipping on boba.  Kinda pricey for boba, slow service and average Boba tea.
1 Horrible services. Last time when we were here, we order 6 drinks and waited for 30-40 mins and drinks still not out so we went up and ask and they said: "oh, you still have another 2 Hrs wait, they were someone who order a lot through the phone". We understand that you have to make that first but at least let us know before we waited for 30-40 mins and we have to approach to find out. The owner, his name is Devon; instead of apologize but said (with a tone of not caring): "you want your money back?" Heck yea I want my money back and will never come back as well!!   As for their drinks, they use powder and they go very heavy on the ice sometimes.
3 The service is HORRIBLE! The first thing you walk into is an unmanned or unwomanned counter and giggles coming from the back kitchen. Four people in the back can clearly see me standing at the counter and 3mins go by with no acknowledgement. Ordered 2 drinks and LITERALLY took half hour to make and it was NOT busy, unless you think a group of three who already had their drinks is "busy". Drinks are good but the horrible service makes this place mediocre.
5 We came in here early afternoon on a Saturday, and were the only customers. I've been looking for bubble tea since leaving Taiwan almost ten years ago. Unfortunately, all of the small communities I've lived prior to moving to the Phoenix area do not offer anything like it, so it was one of our first goals when we arrived. We got one milk tea, a smoothie, & some yogurt. The guy assisting us was friendly and happy to answer our questions and explain their extensive menu.  All of our choices were quite good and well made. I was happy to finally have my fix... and it was nice to experience such good customer service. We'll be back!
