5 Excellent fast and courteous service, tech was very thorough and knew his business, was able to take our "emergency" (it's too damn hot) right away cannot thank him enough, I recommend this company extensively! Thanks for such good service. Hugo in North Las Vegas
5 Talked to the owner, Dave, when our AC went out.  He offered to come out, diagnose the problem, and "go from there" for the price of gas for him.  Dave came out, explained and showed me the problem (fan and capacitor were going out), and gave me a great price.  Even threw in a preventative maintenance on the unit.  I wish all repair places were as up front and honest as Dave and Legacy Air.  All the work was performed within a time frame of 3 hours from the initial call to getting the AC turned back on.  If you need your AC fixed fast and at an honest price, look no further!  Give these guys a call!
5 Wow! Talk about a great business.  I original called and talked to Dave and Greg got back to me within an hour with a replacement bid.  Dave agreed to go look at the unit on Sunday over Memorial Day weekend to ensure the ac unit needed to be replaced.  Greg diagnosed the issue within 20 mins.  I had another ac company call me after diagnosing the problem and the indicated the ac unit was fried! $3800 to replace a 5 ton unit.  Greg found the problem replaced the fan motor and ensured the unit was running at top notch efficiency, and reset the programmable thermostat.  Greg did all of this while the home owner was on the east coast! Crazy great!  Trust and honesty is top of the line for this company!  Could not be happier and would call them again with any problems!
5 This company is amazing! Reliable and dependable honest guys.  Our AC went out late last night and they were here first thing fixing it for us this morning. Greg was so fast and thorough, and was done within a half hour after addressing the problem. If you want a reliable company go with these guys, small business owners are the way to go!!
5 The air went out in my parents house on Tuesday night and they came out that night and looked at it and advised us what we needed to do and then came back out next morning and worked on it all day as they found what was going on..  They also advised we need to get our duct work done or else we will keep having the same problem.  We are waiting for a bid and then will get work done as this is a honest, affordable and friendly company.
5 Awesome! You don't appreciate AC in the summer till you don't have it. I called EVERYONE on Yelp! and every "24/7" place couldn't have a tech come out till tomorrow. Called Dave and he picked up and said he would come out tonight. He was at my place, fixed the issue and was out within an hour and a half. Same day service and he literally had to drive from one side of town to the other. He was polite, knew exactly what the problem was and got my AC up and running again.  He even told me what it would cost before he did any repair. Very up front and honest. Highly recommended and I definitely will recommend Legacy Air to anyone I know who needs AC repair or service.  Don't waste your time with the other guys out there!
5 Thank you, Dave!! My upstairs a/c unit quit working. He came out, diagnosed the problem, offered me an extremely fair price to fix it and got cool air running in an hour and a half.  He took the time to answer all my questions, checked my other unit and left the area clean. There was no service call fee, just honest answers and work done professionally. I will definitely recommend them to anyone needing service!
5 Our AC stopped working late in the afternoon yesterday. With record high temperatures I feared the worse. Not wanting to get charged an emergency call fee I filled out the email form online and waited. I received a call this morning and they said that they would be over within 40 minutes. As promised their van pulled up about 30 minutes later. The repair was completed in a fast, courteous and professional manner.   We were told that we could have called last night. They are available 24/7. He said it would have been no problem. I felt that he really did mean what he said. We now know for next time.   Thank you to my fellow Yelp reviewers. Your comments helped me make the decision to contact Legacy Air.
5 Listen up PEEPS. These are the Guys to Call.. Had a difficult situation, called Legacy, Greg met me at the house within 2 hours during our record heat wave. Got it fixed and up an running in no time. Don't hesitate to give these guys a call. These are the rare Honest A/C guys  I've ever met....TRY THESE GUYS!!!! LEGACY AIR ROCKS....
5 Believe the reviews!  I called early in the morning on a day scheduled to be 113 degrees, when everyone's air was going out. Not only did they get here earlier than they estimated, he determined the problem was the thermostat and not the ac, fixed it and the cost was minimal and he was on his way within an hour. He was polite, knowledgable and all-around great service. Extremely happy to have found this company!
5 Thanks to yelp I found Legacy and I couldn't be happier. Not only did they answer the phone on a holiday, Dave was at my house in less than an hour. On top of that, he had my AC running in under 30 minutes and for less than $200. No up-selling, no hassle, just fixed my system and that was that. Highly recommended.
5 They are fantastic!  I work out of CA, for a Property Management company, but these guys really helped out! I was in a real bind! We've worked with several AC guys out there in Vegas but it all came down to "OK" service and a hassle to asked them to service the units they already serviced a few month ago.   Ended  up spending my whole morning trying to contact dozens of other places, all were busy due to the high volume of calls. But when I called Legacy, not only was the receptionist very courteous, she was very grateful for our business! (The attitude on the other ones...)  And she was able to send out someone the same day! Lifesavers they are!! This was Tuesday around 10am and Greg was out there before 2pm, exactly what she told me.    We will continue doing business with them, they are very good at keeping their word and they accommodate request very well.   Thank you Legacy!
5 I signed up for yelp just so I could write this review, because Legacy deserves EVERYONE'S business. The only negative thing I have to say is I got an answering machine when I called, BUT they returned my call within an hour. Unfortunately I already had another A/C company out to troubleshoot. That company quoted me a ridiculous price which I knew was fishy. Luckily Legacy called me back and when I told them what the other company quoted me, I swear I heard Dave spit out his drink in shock. Dave was out within 30 minutes and had my A/C up in running in no time. Fast, friendly, fair, and HONEST. Plus he threw on new insulation around the pipes, just because he is awesome. Use Legacy! Tell your friends! Tell your family!
5 After my air went out on Thursday evening, I sent an email requesting an appointment the next morning.  Same evening I received an email response as well as a call.  Long story short, my air conditioner was not repairable.  Legacy installed a new unit within hours.  Outstanding professionals and service.
5 My parents A/C went out in July and we started calling businesses who could not make it out same day to assess. When we called Legacy, they were efficient, super communicative, professional, and over to the house by the evening. Dave (the owner)  came over and assessed the issue and fixed the problem within two hours. We were super thankful and relieved. Highly recommending to friends, neighbors, and all in the Las Vegas area.
5 Saturday night I came home to a hot upstairs -- although the downstairs AC unit was working, the upstairs unit was blowing hot air.   I left voice mail or email messages that evening with three services.  The next morning, one said they couldn't be out until Tuesday afternoon; another didn't respond at all; Legacy responded that they could be out that evening between 3 and 7.  They gave me the tech's name and, in fact, Greg called at 2:30 to tell me he was on the way.  He was polite and went straight to work.  Within about twenty minutes the problem was fixed.  The receipt included a complete description of the problem and the work performed.  I couldn't ask for more on a hot Sunday afternoon. I will definitely use them again (but I will hope that it won't be the AC going out in July again).
5 I couldn't say anything but good words for this company. When my AC broke, my husband contacted 2 other companies to take a look at it and they all try to charge us too much. I got tired of waiting for the AC to get fixed in this hot weather so I YELPed! Thanks for fellow yelpers that saved me alot of money and now my AC is fixed! Here are some good points for Dave and Legacy Air.  1. He gave us his honest opinion on what was the problem and gave us a fair price on replacing the compressor. He beat the other companies almost by 50%!!!!  2. He is punctual and even came out to check the AC even after office hours! Not like other companies who gave me a time frame of "tonight" or "tomorrow"  3. He is also very respectful.
5 Totally awesome Air-condition repair service!!   They came out... quickly diagnosed the issue and even took the time to show me what part needed to be removed, tested, and replaced.   Excellent service from Dave. Will be contacting Legacy for all future A/C & Heating Service.
5 Awesome job by Dave. I thought it was the compacitor, but he showed me it was the fan motor not working. Very straight up guy. He even showed up early! Would recommend him to anyone. I'll always go to legacy air.
5 I'm beyond impressed, by how quick, friendly, honest and sincere Legacy Air was, when they came out this morning to fix my AC.  I'm In agreement with every other review in here when I say Dave and Greg are on point. Thank you for your integrity and quickness. Definitely using legacy if anything else goes wrong, and I gave there info to all of our family as well.
5 Thank you Dave for fixing my Air Conditioner! I don't think you were here more than 30 minutes. Fast and friendly service. I highly recommend Legacy Air.
5 Checked reviews of companys on Yelp and could only find 1 with 100% customer satisfaction is why we chose Legacy Air!  Called on a Sunday evening and they scheduled for Monday around MY Schedule! 30 minute call ahead and was greeted by Greg.  Both A/C units on my house went down the same day. Greg tested the 1st one and added freon, 2nd was a capacitor.  Changed it and no other repairs were needed! Great honest pricing & service!   For honesty & integrity for furance & A/C work,  I would highly recommend them!
5 Totally satisfied.  Greg was friendly and honest, everything I could ask for.  Thanks.
5 After having a nightmare company come to our home this afternoon and solve absolutely nothing, I turned to Yelp to see if I could find a company with  excellent customer service and most importantly could get our AC running after having ben without air for 2 days. I knew my Yelpers wouldn't let me down :)   I called at 7:30 PM on a FRIDAY night and the phone was promptly answered by a very friendly girl named Amanda. I told her how upset I was with this other company and asked if there was any chance someone could come out tonight. She told me she would call me right back. A few minutes later she did just that and informed me that their tech Dave would be right over. He arrived 18 minutes after hanging up with her (yes I watched the clock lol). How awesome is that on a weekend!?!?!?   When Dave arrived he promptly got to work. I showed him the invoice from the other company so he could see what they did earlier that day. It wasn't long before he found the problem which was something that the other company didn't even bother checking when they were here!!   I am so happy that I found this company on Yelp and will happily recommend them to fellow Yelpers and my friends/family. By far an excellent customer service experience! We will also definitely use again if needed! They go above and beyond. Their prices are reasonable. I know I'm not their only customer but they sure made me feel like it and that's hard to find in Las Vegas anymore.    I can finally go upstairs and sleep in my bed tonight. Thanks again Legacy Air!
5 I had another company out at my home for 2 days to attempt to fix my A/C and they were unable to figure out the problem. Based on the high reviews on yelp I gave Legacy Air a call and Dave came out the very same morning. He had my A/C fixed within 30 minutes and the service fee was incredibly fair. Can't recommend Legacy enough, far and away the best A/C company I've ever dealt with.
5 Five star service at a 2 star price.  I can not recommend Legacy enough.  Thanks Dave!
5 Amanda who answers the phone is very sweet and Dave the owner is a super nice guy.   This is a family run operation and they will get the job done at an honest price.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for heating and AC service in Las Vegas.
5 First cold night of the year, and to my surprise the furnace would not come on. I immediately jumped on Yelp and began searching for a local HVAC company with decent reviews. Legacy Air stood out with its perfect 5 stars. I called and was immediately impressed by the customer service and professionalism of Amanda and Dave. Dave was awesome. He showed up on time and promptly identified the problem that had been caused by another HVAC company's shoddy work; repairing the problem in less than 10 minutes. I can't thank you enough. I would not hesitate to recommend Legacy Air. The numerous excellent reviews are well deserved and evidence of their great customer service, professionalism, and quality work.
5 My heat was out. Dave arrived promptly at 7pm. He checked out my units in the attic and found the problem to be my thermostat. In and out in 20 min. No extra charge for night and weekends or distance. Did not try to sell me extras I didn't need. I WILL NOT call anyone else for service. Legacy only from now on. Give them a try. You will not regret it.
5 After getting a quote from Sierra Aire that was obviously a price gouging scheme, called Legacy because of the reviews here on Yelp. These guys were awesome and prompt. Called at 10 pm thinking noone would answer but surprisingly they did and came and repaired our system the next day and charged us half of what Sierra wanted to gouge us for. Courteous, knowledgable and prompt...not to mention charge a fair price. We will be using them for ALL our future HVAC needs. Stay ethical and keep doing the outstanding work you are gaining a reputation for!
5 After living here in Las Vegas for 7 years, I've been through many different contractors. As far as HVAC goes, Legacy Air is the absolute best outfit I have used. Greg Guthrie is the man when it comes to good, responsible service. He not only knows his stuff, he treats his customers RIGHT. On time, in contact, great service at a great price - and also FOLLOW UP - which is unheard of in this town! If you are looking for the lowest price - they may not be your choice. If you are looking for great service at a fair price - look no further!
5 Hands down...Legacy Air is the best HVAC company you can find for any service your AC might need. Further more, you are communicating with people that are honest and straight to the point- no BS, no sales speeches and no pressure of any kind. Their quote for replacing my 15 year old split unit with 13 SEER Trane system was significantly better  than other 3 companies , their work-fast and clean. If you ever need anything HVAC related please give Legacy Air a call- you will get the job done in no time and save money on top of that.
5 Amanda's great sense of humor & Dave's services were priceless to me after I tried 2 incompetent companies before Legacy, one very dis Honest (part of one company name).  Legacy's 100% honesty is hard to find nowadays, I was left totally convinced that honest people in this field still exist.
5 Greg came to my house because my upstairs AC condensation line wasn't draining properly. He went in the attic and quickly found the problem. Apparently the builder of our house for some reason switched the pitch on the drain line so it made our secondary drain the primary. The problem with that is in the summer our drain pan would over flow when temps got into the triple digits and when it was super humid out. He also found that they had installed a broken pvc joint so it was leaking in two places. He got it all fixed and then I had him refill my freon. He did a great job and from now on I will call them when I need anything done to my ac units.
5 I would love to say that Legacy Air is awesome!!! Greg and Dave came as they promised and solved our air condition problem rather quickly. I can't thank them enough for their hard honest work! Thanks guys and Legacy Air!!!
5 Legacy air is awesome. Dave is AMAZING! We needed to have both units on our roof replaced and had a bid from another company for almost $20,000 and we were referred to Legacy and they less than half of that. From the time we called to get an estimate to getting the new units installed was only about three days. Everything about these guys was so professional!
5 I had a room in the house that was not getting cooled properly. Three other HVAC mechanics came out and concluded the only solution was a new $10k system or a $4k zone system. Legacy came out and concluded the same things I figured out from researching the net. A duct booster fan and window tint could help my situation. They were frank and told me it may not be perfect- which I knew. And the cost was under $700.  Well, not only did it work but the hot room is now as good as every other room!!   Kudos for their smarts, integrity and great service. Did I mention their prices were more than competitve?   Look no further-these are my go to guys for ac!!
5 The BEST a/c company out there. It was very easy to make an appointment and were accommodating to my schedule. Dave H. was quick and very skilled at his profession. He was honest and a great asset to any company. I would highly recommend this company for your one and only ac company. Request Dave he will not let you down.
5 One of our AC units wouldn't turn on, so we called on a Sunday and had a technician there within 20 minutes!  Dave came in and quickly diagnosed the issue we were having and had our air conditioning working again shortly after.  He was honest and didn't even charge us (since we had somehow disconnected the power to the AC unit).  That's some great customer service.  I hope our AC doesn't break in the near future, but if it does, we wouldn't hesitate to call Legacy again.  Thank so much!
5 Being in the service industry myself honesty is a top priority. Dave came out the same day I made the appt and was on time. It was easy to schedule and was offered their current a/c check up special over the phone.   Inspite of me thinking I had a problem with my air conditioning he assured me everything was working properly. He could have easily upsold  work I did not need.  Legacy Air will be my only call for my heating and air conditioning needs. Peace of mind is priceless.
5 Found this company here on Yelp. Called up for a warm air blowing AC. Dave came out the next morning (quite early...but better to beat the heat). It took him about 15 minutes to figure out the potential problem (hole in the coolant line). After he found the issue, he explained all the options (and price) he could take to correct the problem (in terms that I could understand!). After being honest with his suggestions, I was able to decide what route to take. It then took him about 30 minutes to fix it (welded) and add more coolant. The bill wasn't outrageous...ballpark of what I expected (which wasn't the most expensive option he suggested.) He was in and out in under an hour. I will recommend these guys to anyone that needs an honest repair company.
5 Considering I've only had to run maintenance on a swamp cooler for the last ten years in Las Vegas, to put it bluntly-- I was petrified to call an AC repairman when my upstairs air conditioner decided it was no longer willing to turn on as the digits began to creep into the 100s in the valley. I figured AC repairmen were like auto mechanics-- you never know when you'll get someone who will take advantage of the situation and upcharge you an astronomical amount due to your ignorance. Looking through Yelp, I immediately noticed Legacy Air and decided this was the best possible company to try out. I emailed Legacy Air late Friday evening and was surprised to get an email back with an appointment time for the next evening from 6-11. Even better, Dave, the repairman, called around 1 or 2 the next day and said he had the time to look at my AC then if I was available. He came over, checked out the unit, and informed me of the issues. He did everything possible for him for that evening and then before noon the next day, he came and finished the job (it required a bit of a delay due to the AC unit overheating.) Dave was punctual, professional and efficient--- and I would not hesitate to use this company again in the future.
5 Super solid service. Abraham came out for the first initial diagnostic and was super friendly. He talked me through his processes (at my request). I made a second appointment and had them do some followup testing. After discussing my options, we agreed on a solution that had both the functionality of the system and my budget in mind. I can't say enough about how pleased I was with this whole process. I have dealt with two other HVAC contractors and these guys made them look like jokes. What a great and knowledgeable staff.
5 Our air went out this morning and because of the other great reviews I called Legacy Air.  They said they would be here between 5-9, the repair guy got here at 6 and within an hour we had cool air.  The price was exaclty what was quoted, I will surely use them again if needed.  Thank you!
5 1. Anita- awesome called 1am she called back 6:30am on a saturday..superb. 2. Dave - honest, hardworking and funny!!!(as per my 8 yr old son). It is very hard to find good honest service. Legacy air for life!!!
5 I called Legacy after seeing the reviews on yelp. I was given the timeframe of between 2-6, but Abraham called at 11am and said he was close by and had a cancellation. He came out within 5 mins, diagnosed the problem, explained everything to me in blonde terms, and got everything fixed. I'm currently sitting pretty with cool air flowing freely. Everything from the initial phone call to the service went smoothly! I will definitely be recommending these guys again!
5 We called Legacy this morning at 3:30 AM and the phone was answered after only 2 rings.  They told they would be here sometime between noon & 4:00pm and they got here at 3:00pm. Figured out our problem quickly, gave a very reasonable quote and in under an hour we were getting sweet, cool air into the condo.  Told us of something we could get done down the road that wasn't essential now and about small, room air conditioner we could get at Home Depot as a temporary solution if we ever lost air again.  Very professional, helpful, and efficient.  Thank you, Greg & Legacy!
5 Found Legacy using Yelp and searching by top-rated companies. I tend to trust other yelper's experience (and this company's reputation) quite often.    The people over at Legacy did go out of their way to squeeze me in and get me a same-day appt. to get my tenant's AC back up and running. They were punctual and their work was good. I live in LA so they called me to give me options/prices of how I wanted to proceed. I let them know and they proceeded pretty quickly and made sure everything was working properly before they left.  I do feel they were a little pricey, but overall, their work is good, they have good customer service and come through, so I don't think their hard-earned 5 stars deserves to be affected adversely.
5 After my air conditioner stopped working yesterday morning, I researched yelp having read many reviews and decided to give Legacy Air a try.  I called and spoke with a friendly lady I believe who's name is Amanda.  She was understanding of my problem and checked to see if their was any possibility of a same day appointment.  Unfortunately there was none, but that I could have a tech out the following morning (today) between 10-2pm. Early this morning Dave called me asking if he may come earlier than the scheduled appointment time which I quickly agreed to. Once Dave arrived, he quickly diagnosed the problem and explained to me how he arrived to his conclusion.  Having taken basic electronics some 20 years ago, it made sense to me and I asked him to complete the repair.  I believe the cost of the repair to be a bit on the high side, but the convenience of not having to wait several days was a fair trade off to me.  Dave provided a "job well done". Thank you Legacy.
