5 We have lived in the SW valley for 13 years, and have been looking for a good, fair mechanic for about as long.  My search has ended.  Phil is personable, knowledgeable, and runs a business like it should be run.  I had brake issues, every time I stepped on the brakes it was "brake and shake".  I knew it was unsafe and did not want my teenagers driving it.  Phil and his team got the job done on time and on budget.  I love working with a "Mom and Pop" business.
5 The customer service at this shop is amazing. Unfortunately for me, I've had a lot of car issues lately. However fortunately, Litchfield Auto has taken care of all my car issues. I drive a 2004 VW Passat. It's got almost 140,000 miles, so it requires a lot of maintenance. Plus it's a German car, so I cringe every time I have to take it in. Tamara and Phil are great though, as well as anyone else in the garage that has worked on my car. I would recommend them to anyone!
5 I had a minor issue with my muffler. Needed to get it fixed ASAP and I am so ELATED that I stumbled across this shop. My experience was awesome from start to finish. Both Tamara and Phil were helpful and honest. I will not only be a regular customer but will refer anyone and everyone that needs auto work done.
5 Best mechanic shop ever. Extremely helpful employees. The place is clean as a whistle.   Phil was very helpful on explaining what my car needed. I respect honest mechanics that are there to help fix a problem and not sell you something you don't need.  The repair was going to take a while so Kelly gave me a ride home while my car is getting fixed. Very friendly guy.  All in all, I will be coming back again for the customer service and the quality work and parts.
5 Second day of cross county trip and my Van dies outside of Phoenix. Found Litchfield Auto using Yelp. Called was told to have it towed, would check it out, was able to drive the Van there the next morning.  Owner was ready to jump right on the van as we were traveling  but told him I would like to leave it, as we rented a car to finish our trip and would be back in a week. Spoke to the shop two times while we were gone, both times was told they could not find anything wrong, and did not want to just throw new parts in and not solve the problem. When we got back, the Van was running fine, but still no obvious problems with it.  The owner discussed what he found or did not find testing the van. We both came to the conclusion that the fuel pump may have overheated, due to low gas levels.  This is Astro/Safari vans which are known for weak fuel pumps, and most people just keep having fuel pumps put in at $300-500 a pop.  I have always worked on my own cars, and in fact had replaced the fuel pump a year earlier myself.   This place is great, and a truly honest Repair shop, I will recommend them to everyone in the area. I have told people on the AstroSafari forum that this is the place to go if you have problems in Phoenix area. My only regret is that they are too far away from my home to use.
5 I cannot say enough about this business. Needed my car checked over- thought I may have a coolant leak. Also, tire was losing air I suspected a nail. Phil took my car back immediately when I arrived at opening time. He was very friendly and listened to the issues I was having. After a thorough check ( he came into the waiting area shortly after taking the car back), he told me what they found and suggested a fix.  They gave me a ride home and picked me up 2 hrs later as promised when the car was ready. Unbelievable!! He said 2 hrs for the repair and meant it!! The quoted price was what I paid when I returned for the car- no surprises!!! They fixed my heater, verified no coolant leak, and patched my tire. The car was clean when I picked it up and I could tell they topped off the air in all the tires not just the leaking one.  Great service, great prices, friendly family business. Phil, Tamara and Austin are awesome!
5 Great experience and I don't say that lightly when forking over cash! They were friendly, honest, and affordable. Great service. I will be back with any automotive needs.
5 I WILL NOT GO ANYWHERE ELSE NOW THAT I'VE BEEN HERE!!! What else can I say about these guys but their shop is one of a kind. Fast, efficient, friendly, helpful, and definitely are NOT there to rip off their customers.  I had some work done by a previous mechanic at another shop and was having some check engine light issues after the work was performed. Looked these guys up on Yelp and thought I'd give them a try after seeing the great reviews.   Spoke with Tamra who was extremely nice and got me in as soon as she could. When I first got there I was greeted by the owner Phil. I let him know of my problem and he ran a free Diagnostics check (which by the way I've never heard of any shop doing). After some searching he found out that my spark plug wires were bad, all of which I was told by the pre-mentioned previous mechanic were replaced. He gave me an absolutely fair estimate but knowing a little bit about cars I decided to change them myself. He told me good luck and sent me on my way, did not try and upsell anything to me (which as you know with auto shops is quite rare). Upon replacing the spark plug wires, one of them was so bad it fell apart when tugging on it. Needless to say got those replaced but the check engine light issue still remained. Called up Litchfield Auto and again Tamra squeezed me in ASAP.   Got there the second time and Phil and his mechanics again started a free Diagnostics on the car, mind you they closed at 6pm and I showed up about 4pm. Upon further inspection, he told me that the spark plug wires were crossed and fixed them, handed me my keys, again at no charge and told me have a great day. I couldn't believe the great service at this point so I MYSELF asked him to charge me a labor fee for these guys working on my car for hours between both of the days I took it there.   Long story short these guys are EXCELLENT. I have never been to a shop that is this clean and that is actually concerned about retaining loyal customers and not just how much money they can squeeze out of you. Like I said before I know a little bit about cars and Phil and his staff are one of a kind. He took the time to talk with me about the issues and explain how things work with the car so we could be on the same page and never did I once feel like he was out to get me.  I will DEFINITELY recommend this shop to anyone I know and will go there for all my auto needs.  Thanks again guys for being there for the customer!!!!
5 I had my SUV  transmission  repaired at Litchfield Auto and they are the most professional & honest auto repair shop that I have ever done business with. They assessed the problem, gave me a firm quote and delivered the car back to me on time as promised. Highly recommended and if you ever what to contact me about the  quality of work they preform please do so @ smeekers@msn.com.
5 We have had a various amount of auto repairs done over the years and always got screwed.  My husband's new tobus, Jeep needed something fixed and he started the search for a mechanic.  We do understand this place and OMG the difference!  Always clean and friendly.  Have a nice comfy couch and chairs and tv in waiting room.  Ice cold water too.  They are up front and honest and get it do e when they say.  Appointments are easily had when it is convenient.   Won't go anywhere else from now on!
5 I Yelp'd a new auto repair shop after I ripped apart the last one, and I found these guys.  First off, they have a woman in the office, which made me feel better right off the bat. I've never seen a woman working at any repair shop that wasn't male dominated that I didn't feel totally snowed when I left, so this was nice.  I needed an estimate on repairs to pass emissions, as well as an overall estimate for everything else I need done in the future (brakes, oil change, etc.) I left my car there and didn't hear back for over 6 hours. I thought that this was really good because they were taking their time and not rushing themselves, or this was really bad because it was more serious than I thought and maaaybe they just threw their hands up at my devilmobile and took a long lunch to clear their heads. The former seemed right. They called me and gave me the rundown about my emissions and while I wasn't planning to get anything done today, they quoted me an extremely reasonable price when I was expecting to pay triple. I told them to take care of it when they have the time since it was already there, again, expecting to get it back sometime tomorrow since it was already mid-afternoon.  Again, they called me a quarter to 6 and said it was ready.  I went to go pick up my car and waited approx. zero seconds to have the keys handed back and... SURPRISE... they took my car to the emissions testing station for me so I wouldn't have to. If that's not customer service, then i don't know what is. They also have a customer loyalty card (that I am going to use the HELL out of), 2% cash back (or something like it) on services and rewards offers for all referrals.   Keep up the fabulous service, fellas. Every business should model their ethics after yours.
5 They even work on diesels!!! I just moved here 2 months ago, and back home I left my father in law who has been my mechanic for 17 years. With that being said, I tend to know a thing or 2 about cars but I trust no one except my father in law. I've had 2 experiences with Litchfield Auto.  First experience: Needed my fuel filter changed. They got me in for the following day, got my truck back right away, service was very friendly. Next, Phil comes out to tell me that my sensor on top of my filter had broken off but he could have the part there in 15 minutes and have me on my way. I didn't have the extra $50 at the time to cover the cost and he told me it wasn't detrimental and I could drive without it. Just be sure to get it next time. What mechanic does that?! Pretty honest if you ask me! In and out of there in less than an hour.  2nd Experience: Sunday evening 5pm. Truck wouldn't start. Had AAA tow it to Litchfield Auto. I called & left them a message letting them know the vehicle was coming & the nature of the problem. Had a very sleepless night because I thought it was going to be a worst case scenario kind of thing. Monday morning they opened at 7am and I was there-just to speak with Phil and give him details, trying to make his diagnosis a bit easier. 8:15am Phil calls and tells me whats wrong. I authorize the work. I call back and see if they can check all my fluids and headlights etc. Phil said it would be done in the afternoon-3:30pm, Tamara calls me and says it's done. These guys are great. They are friendly, honest, accomadating, quick and most of all realize that we all need and depend on our vehicles and they take pride in their work. I sure miss having my father-in-law around but these guys are a swell substitute! Finding someone to work on diesels is tough- so I am EXTREMLY grateful for them! Thank you Litchfield Auto for being AWESOME! I will definitely be back! (Hopefully on my own terms and not my trucks')
5 There is a reason why these people get booked one week in advance. They are just great! I'm new to the area, and my care starting making this weird noise. Of course, I was nervous just to show up to any Auto Repair, and yet again, thanks God for Yelp! They really deserve the good reviews. I did have to wait 5 days to get in, but my problem was not affecting the functionality of my car. Explanation of charges was thorough and very well detailed in the final invoice. Tamara was great at communicating throughout the process. Price seemed to be fair. Final results: I'm back on the road, noise is gone, and car is running great! I would recommend these guys to my friends any time. Thanks LAR!
1 Okay so here's the thing these people are very friendly and have outstanding customer service. However I recently decided to change my own oil because I already had the tools and things I needed to do the job. Litchfield Auto has changed our oil for the past 2 runs, but it took me 3 days... Yes 3 days to remove the oil filter. Why? One might ask. I used every single method possible to remove this thing and nothing worked. So I had to remove the oil filter adapter along with the attached filter because it was on there so tight. On the third day I had my own neighbor give it a try and he couldn't get it off. So I went to Auto-Zone which was a waste and they were completely unhelpful. As me and my neighbor drove out of the lot he noticed an O'Reillys auto store which we then proceeded to go to. These guys helped me soooo much at O'Reilly, but it took us another 30min to get it off... They were baffled as to why is was so hard to come off. Turns out after they looked up that oil filter we found that they Litchfield Auto put the wrong filter on my car hence the difficulty in getting it off. I would've given a better review, but it just about ruined the treading for the filter adapter eventually leading to a bigger cost in fixing my car. And no I will not be returning.
