5 Bees just recently took over a space on Candlemaker Row, and with most of the businesses on the street if you blink you'll miss it.  So you shouldn't blink.  Bees is a wonderful cafe/bar with so much character and atmosphere it'll make you want to stay there for hours.  Naomi, the owner, makes the cakes homemade, and will pour you the best glass of Pinot Noir you've had in a long time.  Not into wine?  Bees has a list of delightful teas that will warm you up on a cold day.  Order one and sit in the lounge area in the back, covered in twinkle lights and cushions (aka. the shark cave- how awesome is that?!).  To make it even better, Bees gives a discount to hospitality industry workers.    Point of the story: Stop in and check Bees out, a cute little cafe worthy of your time and attention.  Just don't blink when walking down Candlemaker Row :)  Check them out on facebook!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/Bees/197500887041504
4 Fun little cafe... Nice, funky, fresh and different... Off the beaten path!
5 Bees is a great place to study but also the perfect place to catch up with friends. It has a great hidden seating area in the back and plenty of seats in the front of the cafe. With cakes from Lovecrumbs and great coffee, it's definitely not a place to miss. Plus, it's open late!
2 Bees is like the Empire Records of the Old Town café scene. And feels like a throwback to the year it was released too. With Faithless playing on a wee stereo in the corner when I went in, and super friendly, lovely staff who obviously just love hanging out there it had a  very laid-back, homely feel.  This newly opened café was just a bit rough around the edges - it's going for that mismatched feel, that's so-hot-right-now with mismatched crockery, tables and chairs at different heights etc. But instead of being organised chaos, it was just more plain (muted) chaos. They had redecorated, as the wallpaper had bees on it (unless that was there in the previous Candles?) But it felt like someone's front living room where they'd quickly fluffed up the cushions before someone came over.  The food menu itself was a little uninspiring. And when Jon's cheese and ham toastie showed up I almost laughed out loud - it was TINY! I went for the quesedilla with spicy chicken. It was at least twice the size, and only £1 more. But for £5 for lunch it really wasn't that great. It was literally a tortilla wrap, folded in half, with grated mozarella and chicken chunks. The chicken was nicely spiced, but the mozarella was hardly melted. The salsa that came with it was home-made but the salad on Jon's toastie was just rocket leaves.  I noticed a few wee things -- spelling mistakes on the menu, including the wrong name for one of the companies that supplies them with cakes: Love Crumbs. They also have Union of Genius soup, but don't advertise that it's Union of Genius.  They do serve alcohol during the day, and are open till 10pm at night. I can see it being really popular with students nearby. I would come back and maybe hope the food was better, as even if it felt a bit messy and haphazard, I quite like that feel.
