5 My garage door cable came off and my door was pulled off it tracks I called another company(ANYTIME) and was told I needed my all my springs replaced because they do not fix  my type of garage door which is a Wayne Dalton and it would cost $490....And it was a verbal...  WOW. So I checked Craig's list and found Sonoran. I spoke to a woman who was very knowledgeable and very helpful said that someone will be out later that day to fix the problem. She stated that they are very knowledgeable on my type of door matter of fact over 20 years exp installing them and there is no need for a new springs.  It just has to be reset, which is only $90  I said WOW can you do a tune up on other door she said of course it will be done on same visit.  It will only be another $45.  I said that is great.  When Gabriel the owner shown up to my home he was polite, curious and  pleasant.  He explained to me why my door broke and corrected the problem so it won't happen again.  I am a business owner my self it is great to see someone treat customers the way I do with INTEGRITY......  Great Job...............    Joe  from Dos Boot Computers
5 I called Sonoran Garage doors and they came out the same day! they were very nice polite and on time! They were very reasonable this will be my go to guy from here on out!
5 My garage door stop working this morning, so after searching  and reviewing other people comments and experience with different garage door company's on Yelp I decided to call Sonoran Garage doors. Call them around 8am, the lady who I talked to on the phone was very nice and knowable of the subject. She said that Gabriel the repair tech will be at my house around 9:00 so he show up in less than hour after my phone call. He check everything and told me I need to replacement of the spring  and add support for panels( since we were using it with previous spring problem , it broke some panel). We agree on doing everything he recommended and after he came back with all replacement parts, he was done in less than hour. We are very satisfied with great work and excellent customer service was provided to us, both over the phone and at my house. Definitely  will recommend Sonoran garage doors.  We talked to our neighbor who has the same garage door system, which is Wayne Dalton and had same problem few months ago, only he useed some other company and with all kind of discounts he paid still 100$ more than we did.  If you have problem with your garage doors call Sonoran garage door you won't regret it. Joanna W.
