5 Perfect work the FIRST time, I have never had to call them for the same thing twice. I highly recommend!! A+++++
5 We have used Sure Temp multiple times (2 different homes) & were very pleased with the work, professionalism, cost, etc.  Keith & Sure Temp are our "go to" players when it comes to Heating & Cooling.  We recommend them highly!!!
5 Quality work, good prices, and went out of the way to help us when our AC unit died in the summer! I would highly recomend this place!!
5 Sure Temp fixed my AC with lightning fast and extremely friendly service.   And the best part is,  they charged half as much as the first quote I got. I highly recommend them to all,  and will definitely call them again,  thanks Sure Temp.
5 Very knowledgeable. Very satisfied with the services provided. Recommend giving them a call if HVAC service is ever needed!
5 I was first introduced to SureTemp a couple of years ago through my Home Warranty program, and have used them for all of my AC needs since then.  Keith is professional, polite, prompt, reliable, very reasonably-priced, and honest.  You could not ask for more from a business.  If you're in need of AC work, you shouldn't contact anyone else!
5 When the AC stopped working I need someone quickly; as my wife works nights and needs to sleep during the day. Keith was prompt and helpful. He even arranged to arrive early for the appointment and had the issue fixed within the hour. I would certainly use his service again!
5 Our AC broke earlier this week, and living in Phoenix, you know how this can ruin your day. Blake from Sure Temp showed up quickly, diagnosed the problem, and 20 minutes later we had cold air blowing again. I highly recommend this company as they are fast, friendly and professional.
5 Awesome experience. I get that yelp has to limit the stars but these guys deserve a 10.Here's why: Noticed downstairs ac unit not working yesterday. Go to yelp as Im new in town. Based on yelp ratings, this was an easy choice. Keith answered phone on my first call which I think was before 8 am.. Tell him the issue and he is at my house within hours. Very professional and knowledgeable. My house is 20 yrs old and I expected to be told I needed to replace one or both units. Keith was quick to diagnose and fix problem. Also provided me with an education on what he did and to look out for. Cost was very reasonable. I also appreciated that he respected my time as I was working from home and he did not engage in meaningless conversation like some others have a tendency to do. Also was very careful with going in and out of house because I have indoor pets.  I will be using them again and will recommend them to others.
