4 The folks here are really nice. I saw good prices and quality merchandise. Give it a shot much better than kid to kid.
4 I love shopping but hate spending precious $. I typically shop gently used/consignment shops and have been shopping at these types of stores for awhile now. My kids love it here because it's a store "just for them" and they have an enclosed play area too so mom/dad can shop while they play. :)  This store is organized and the staff is very sweet. They have loads of clothing that is in good/great condition. The only "wish" I have is that their prices were a bit less. I bought a button up shirt for $3.50 and a nice jacket and pant suit for $7.50. I would have been happy with a $2.00 shirt and $6.00 set but oh well...they were both really cute and still cheaper than buying brand new.   As far as baby gear, the prices again are a bit high but you can be sure none of their gear is expired and doesn't have recalls on it. You can't always be sure of these things if you buy from CraigsList or garage sale sites. Still, cheaper than buying brand new and in good-great condition.   They have a customer rewards program too. You get a stamp for every $10 you spend. Once you have so many stamps on their reward card, you get 15% off your entire next purchase. Not amazing but still, money saved.   I didn't trade anything in but I have at other places like this before. One thing I will say is if you are expecting to get even close to what you paid for the item; don't bring it to places of this nature. To be honest, when I shop on garage sale type sites and people are asking $60 for a used swing or something of that sort, it is quite irritating. I typically won't pay over 30% of what I can get it for retail if I'm buying from a private seller. At least I can understand with a brick and mortar business because they have lots of overhead but they do alot of leg work with recalls/expiration dates and they are typically a bit more discriminatory when it comes to accepting items. Nevertheless, if you just want to get rid of your items and make a few bucks then yes, this would be a good place to come. Also don't expect to bring in all of your winter items at the beginning of summer and expect to get top dollar; regardless of what condition your clothes are in.   I do wish they had more boys accessories; bow tie's, tie's, suspenders, etc. Overall, it's a cool little store and I bought 2 button up boy shirts, 1 boy jacket and pant set, a seersucker kids jacket, a pair of Nike shoes for an 8 year old girl, and a pair of girls tights for $33! Score!
5 I purchased the potty watch and my son was potty trained in less than 2 weeks!  He's only 2 1/2!  I highly recommend the watch and I've only seen it at this store.    Clean store and friendly people working here.  I've never had an issue.    They have toddler beds, but if you see one buy it!  It's like shopping at Ross-  once you let it go the next time you're there it's gone!  Toddler beds are hard to find around here.
3 Came here with my wife, Our foster kids had a lot of clothes that didn't fit them! Since my wife works nearby, she heard of this place. What they do is buy some of your used kids clothes, and resell them. We had three full trash bags of clothes. Out of all of that. They only bought a small percentage, we ended up getting about $20.00 dollars. It was OK, $20.00 dollars for the girls to buy them new clothes.  Once Upon A Child is very picky with the clothes they are going to buy. Very understandable, they don't want to look like a goodwill store. The clothes they sell are in very good conditions to almost new. The girls ended up spending the 20 bucks there. So they had fun!  This is a good option, when you want to get rid of some clothes that no longer fits your kids. Also not a bad place to find some decent clothing for your kids.
