4 I was surprised to see that this location was not yet on Yelp, however this address is not listed on their website either so maybe it is a separate franchise(?). Anywho, I am giving a 4 out of 5 stars for this type of restaurant, not necessarily a 4 out of 5 for all mexican dining. I like that Juliobertos offers a "light" menu and wheat tortillas although I am not sure just how light these choices are. Also it seems to depend on who you order from but I have noticed that some of the staff do not know what is what when it comes to the menu. I have ordered the grilled chicken burrito off the light menu and received grilled breast one time, grilled thigh another time and shredded chicken one other time. Either way everything typically tastes great, I like that there is a salsa bar inside and the food overall is a great value as is with most 'bertos restaurants. Plus after a late night of drinking who can beat a $5 meal of carne asada fries?!!!
3 I tried Julioberto's once and it was decent. It wasn't the best Mexican food I have ever had, but I enjoyed it. Prices aren't too bad and we didn't have to wait long for our food. It was a fairly average place. I liked it, but it didn't really 'wow' me!
4 Bacon quesadilla. That's it. You don't need to really order anything else. But if you did then the rolled tacos with guac or the carne  asada burrito are worthy.
5 Menu is extensive, self serve salsa bar. Really clean.  If you have questions be patient while the cashier gets the manager that speaks English.  He's super friendly and will make whatever you want.    Oh how I love a good machaca breakfast burrito and horchata.  I told him to hold the cheese and veg it up.  It was huge and perfection.    Yumm.
4 My husband and I have gone here for some time and the quality of food for the price is really good. Plus they are fast and really clean. The Chili Releno is good and my husband gets the taco meal. We call them when we arre 5-10 min away and the food is ready when we get there.
