5 Amazing pizza. I love Chicago Style deep dish pizza. This is the best that I've ever had, and my entire family agrees. This is the only place we will go for pizza now! The owner was extremely friendly and talked to my parents for quite a while. This was also the heaviest pizza we have ever ordered. They aren't kidding when they say they put a lot of toppings on, but it's a good thing.
4 Good pizza. Lots of it. Ordered two med size pizzas felt like I was carrying a med size turkey to the car. Takes a long time to cook ,so order before your hungry. They will tell you how long it should take . A second mortgage may be needed it is a bit high priced. Again you do get what you pay for.
4 Who has two thumbs and loves Fatmans? THIS GUY! Hours are a bit odd, but waiting for those doors to open is worth every delicious bite of that menu.
5 Love it. Very good and generous. Very happy about the move, as it is even closer. WARNING: you will be very full
5 I'm a pizza snob and sorely miss Geno's East and Ricobini's back in Chicago. Fatmans is the best Deep Dish Spinach I've had in years! 2 slices of the 14" and I was full & happy.  This is the real deal. I swear.
5 They have the BEST sausage!  They know how to make a good pizza.  Best pizza I have had in the East Valley.  He gets the cheese imported from Wisconsin and the sausage from the Southside of Chicago.  The owners are very nice.  If you are from Chicagoland and want a yummy thin sausage pizza, COME here.
5 We just finished The Works pizza from Fatman's Pizza. I'm not going to claim to be a pizza connisuer, but this pizza was delicious!!! It had everything we wanted for our first pizza since moving down to Mesa on Nov. 1st. We will definitely be back!!!
5 We went here on the recommendation of a friend, who told us it was the best Chicago-style pizza she had ever had outside of the Windy City, and she was right. It was delicious, with a fantastic combination of cheese, sauce and crust cooked to perfection. We'll definitely go back again!
5 We had the stuffed pizza and would definitely go back again. If you plan on having the stuffed pizza I recommend calling about 1 hour ahead of time because it takes a long time to make.
5 Best pizza I have found here in the East Valley.  The high quality ingredients they use make the difference between a good pizza and a great Pizza. It's not fine dining decor, but that is not why I always return. Keep up the high quality ingredients along with the excellent tomato sauce and the stars will continue to be high.
1 I've ordered delivery from here before, and it had previously has been a pleasant experience. After a very frusterating phone call to order 2 pizzas on a what-should-be easy and slow tuesday night, I gave up and ordered pizza hut. The girl at the other end was completely unprofessional and was distracted by someone else talking to her, I even had to ask her stop listening to the other people and to listen to me. She didnt even notice I had ordered 2 different pizzas with two different toppings by the time I had her read me back the order. Then she said my one pizza was going to be burnt because they were going to go in at the same time? I was so frusterated that i told her to cancel the order. I hope this was just a one-time thing, because I really do like their pizzas.
4 Moved to Mesa less than a year ago and we've been desperately searching for a good ole chicago style pizza place.  We're happy to report we found it in Fatman's Pizza.  Great deep dish pizza from a guy that's actually from the north side of Chicago.
5 By far the best pizza I've had in the east valley. I highly recommend the deep dish. Best I've had since living out east and the staff are very friendly. If you intend to eat in the restaurant, order deep dish pizzas ahead of time. Like a true deep dish, they cook for quite a long time but are well worth the wait
2 Pizza very mediocre.  Had deep dish sausage.  Pizza seemed under cooked in the middle and outside crust a bit on the well done side.   Lots of cheese.  Sausage just ok.  Place itself needs updating.  Waitress very sweet and helpful.  Can't see going back.  Too bad. I'm Kind of a pizza snob always looking for great pizza.  Went from Avondale to Apache Junction to try this.  Sorry environment.  Wasted finite resources.
5 We stumbled on this place by accident, but it may be the happiest accident I have ever experienced. After we ordered we struck up conversation with the owner, and after telling us his story we couldn't wait to get our food.  The pizza was extraordinary. We ordered one each of their specials, and I was absolutely amazed by the quality of the ingredients. It was the best pizza I think I have ever had. If I ever find myself anywhere near here again, I will be there without hesitation.
4 Very good pizza for Arizona. It is a Chicago style place, I am from NY so I am a harsh pizza critic. I paid $24 for an 16 inch thin crust loaded with toppings, sounds pricey huh? Well me and my buddy ate 2 slices each and were full and we are not small guys with small appetites either. I have ate twice there and my only complaint is it is a bit slow to get food out but well worth the wait. Oh, one more complaint, get a location in Tempe, AJ is too far from me. ;-)
5 Moved to Mesa 3 months ago from Chicago. Did a search for Chicago style pizza and found this place. I ordered 2 thin crust pizzas and I had to run to the store before I picked them up.  I was running a little bit late and they actually called to let me know my pizzas were done and ready to be picked up. I picked them up and when I got home they were still hot and fresh. Coming from Chicago I am very particular about my pizza. This place is the best place I have found so far for pizza and I have tried all of the pizza places around me.  I look forward to trying the deep dish next time.
5 This Wisconsin girl is HAPPY!  Once I bit into the cheese bread I had to ask and sure enough, the cheese IS from Wisconsin and the meat is brought in from Chicago!!  WOW, I'm amazed.  The pizza was the best I've had in Arizona so far and the Chicken Parmesan was just as awesome, not to mention HUGE portions!!  On top of all that, the owners were so nice and you could tell they genuinely cared about your opinion on the food.  My new favorite place for sure.
5 They are gluten free friendly and the sauce is spectacular. Most pizzas are ready in 20 minutes. The service is good and the owners always come out to greet you like an old friend.
5 I can't tell you how reassuring and happy-dance-making talking to the owner of a pizza joint who knows what gluten is makes a celiac. I called before we went in to see how they prepare their gluten free pizza. They use the same oven, but it's got it's own special tray and they are very careful. It's rare to feel safe when ordering at a restaurant when gluten is so prevalent.   My mom and her bf got onion rings to start with. Nice and crispy they said. I had a salad. They weren't sure if dressing was gluten free, so they brought me oil and vinegar which works for me.   My mom and her bf got "the works". It did take 40 minutes to get to our table, but they warned us. They have limited oven space and the restaurant was full. They were moaning with happiness over their pizza. The gluten free pizza wasn't the best, but that's because gluten free crust kinda sucks anywhere you go. The toppings were still nice and fresh and the sauce flavorful.   The service is what is giving this place the five stars! The couple that owns the place checked on us twice, making sure my mom was happy and letting me know my pizza was safe. The waitress was also sweet. She refilled my mom's boyfriend's root beer about six times.   If you're a local I'm sure you've been here. If you're visiting, put it on your to do list =).
