5 My boyfriend handed over to me the dreaded job of finding a company to replace our very old A/C system to save on our energy bills. I had 2 companies come out before the guys at Cheap AC, and they seemed to mark up the price because I was a female. Did they not realize my boyfriend would be looking at the quote too?? I then did a yelp search and thought i'd give cheap AC units a shot because the prices were low and the gentleman I spoke to over the phone seemed very courteous and helpful. I called late afternoon on a Thursday, someone came out on Friday and we had our new unit replaced on Monday morning. Everybody that came out was clean and friendly which made me feel at ease being home just the kids I happened to be babysitting and I. The online pricing is genius, I do not know how I would of done it without them. Thank you to the Cheap AC Units team!!!
5 My brother recommended this company after using them for his home.  My home had been extremely hot during the summer (surprise!) and my electric bills were through the roof.  I had about 5 companies come out before calling Cheap AC Units.  My experiences with other companies was awful, as each of them were true salesmen treating me like a person who knew nothing about what I was doing.  Cheap AC Units came in and gave me a price that was unreal, the service was extremely courteous and the gentleman took his time with explaining what I needed.  I told them that I had to talk it over with my family and make a decision.  He did not pressure me at all, and let me know that the prices would barely change.  He came back about 3 months later to set up the install and go over the prices with me.  Without pressure, he let me make the decision on my own and was supportive of what I decided.  I would recommend this company to anyone!
5 I'm an out of state landlord and had called several places for quotes for my rental home's a/c replacement in Gilbert and was not happy with the quotes.  What a relief when I found the online ordering for a/c systems INSTALLED prices to compare to what I felt was way over-priced quotes from other popular and highly advertised companies and it was for the same exact equipment and brand of HVAC system.  I called to make sure there wouldn't be any hidden charges and they assured me that only in a few cases would there be maybe a couple hundred dollar difference for duct work..  The air handler in my home was in a hard to reach place in the attic but there was no extra charge.  The ordering process was a breeze and my tenants mentioned how friendly and professional the installers were.
