5 I heard about SinCity CrossFit opening their new WEST on the radio. I stopped by to check it out and was very impressed! The facility was clean, organized, and the staff was super welcoming. My first session was free! Loved it and decided to commit to the gym. The pricing is VERY reasonable. Plus they offer several possible discount options. I'm super excited and definitely recommend this gym.
5 I love this place so much.  Thomas is motivating without being scary and I'm doing things I never thought I could. The people here are truly amazing, welcoming and encouraging.  I was totally out of shape when I started less than 2 months ago and I still have far to go but I feel so amazing now.  Don't let the difficulty of Crossfit intimidate you. Drop in for a class and you'll be surprised what you can do and how much you can enjoy pushing yourself!
5 My husband and I were sick of going to a normal gym and wanted a change.  We found this gym when driving by it's location.  We are so glad we did!!  Your first time is free and that's all it took for us to get addicted.  The owners/trainers are amazing.  They really know what they are talking about.    I love that all you need to focus on is working out rather than worrying about WHAT to do as you would being on your own in a normal gym.  It doesn't matter what level you are, you can do this.  You will be amazed at how strong you become.  We've been going for over a month now and I can already tell a difference in my workouts.  I don't think I'll ever be able to go back to working out on my own or even join a normal gym again.
5 I was visiting town for the weekend and wanted to work on my lifting. TJ was amazing he helped me PR on the Snatch. After a few minutes of watching my technique he helped me fix my lift and O set a new PR 25# more than I had previously been able to do. This is my box away from home!
5 Believe the hype, these guys are great. I joined in August, and what can I say more than I went from never having worked out regularly other than high school volleyball to working out 5 days a week and getting fitter than I've ever been. I've never been able to motivate myself to follow a regular workout regime  in the past, but this has a truly built-in motivation factor with competition and camaraderie that built me from struggling to make 3 days a week because I was so immobilized by the intensity to 5 days a week every week! Very impressed, I'm a lifer. I literally woke up one morning and decided I'm going to give it a try. One month later, I tried adding another 3 months to see if I would last. Now it's 8 months later and, although I get made fun of for things like not shutting my car door, I'm really feeling a part of the box.
5 I am from Nashville and dropped in for the week and am very impressed with the caliber of trainers at this facility. Very friendly, helpful and very good at what they do. If I lived in Vegas I'd make this facility my permanent home!!! I wish I could bring them back to Nashville with me! And as all us CrossFitters know, this type of work-out isn't cheap, but they charged an extremely fair price for my drop-in. Can't say enough positive things about this place. Anyone reading this should stop by and check them out!
5 Dropped in on a Monday, in town to see Family. I picked this box because of the good reviews, close proximity, AND the WOD was posted (note to other gyms in the area.  I didn't bring all my gear so I had to be selective.  Great big gym, very friendly atmosphere, enthusiastic coaches.  Bested my Bear complex.  I'll be back for sure!  Thanks for the workout Sin City West!
