5 My fiancé and I wanted to learn the foxtrot for our upcoming wedding and he came across a living social deal for Fred Astaire. We went to our first private lesson last Thursday. Every one was so nice and they all wore such warm smiles. Marguerite was our instructor and was so kind and encouraging and we met Martin, who had such great energy and personality. I can definatley say that after one lesson I am hooked. This place and the people there are something special. I can't wait to go back!
5 Love this dance studio.  I will be back as soon as I have moola.
5 Today i took my first ever structured dance lesson. I wanted to learn swing. Took a private lesson and learned swing basics along with salsa basics. Very fun with a very talented instructor Nikki. I went back later for the basics dance class. On my first day learned not only swing and salsa, but tango, foxtrot, merengue, bachata, rumba, cha cha, and one more i can't remember. The various instructors were awesome. Met the owner who is very nice. I have another lesson tomorrow. I can't wait. Great exercise, and so much fun. It's refreshing to do something out of the norm.
5 Took lesson's for my upcoming Wedding and the owner Martin was our instructor. He was so nice and did such a wonderful job! Love this place and would recommend it to anyone!
5 I love the studio. I came to the studio to be able to get some moves when I go out. I love to practice at the studio so I can go out and tear it up when I dance. The studio has a great vibe and the instructors are awesome!
5 I've been on a hiatus from reviews on Yelp for the last few months since I've been heavily wedding planning, but thankfully, the day has come and passed and now I get to thank all the wedding vendors who helped us along the way!  My now-husband and I were really nervous about our first dance. Our song is Citizen Cope's "Somehow", which, if you don't have anyone telling you what to do and how to do it, you could of just do the awkward middle-school dance arms around each other sway to. Thankfully, we made the realization about 6 weeks before the wedding that we should probably step up our first dance game. He did some research and called around to dance studios in the area. We settled on Fred Astaire Dance Studio because:  1) they answer their phones and return VMs in a timely manner (barely any studio called my husband back) 2) they are super nice on the phone (and in-person, which we later found out)  3) they had an introductory deal that included a free private instructional class to see what they were all about  I was very nervous when walking into the dance studio, but everyone was very welcoming. They even had a "Welcome Ghia and Dan" notice on their whiteboard, which was a very personal touch. We met with our instructor, Nikki, and the owner, Martin. They played our song on their speakers and let us know the best dance to do to it would be the Rumba, which I had no experience with whatsoever, other than watching it be done on DWTS. After our private lesson, we sat down with them to discuss pricing.  They are not pushy at all and made us feel very comfortable about everything, but honestly, we both realized very soon that we needed their professional help badly. We ended up getting 5 private lessons with unlimited group lessons for a month (they provide a calendar of group dance classes you can attend, which have a big variety). Nikki was great at assessing our comfort/skill levels during our private lessons and we also got a lot of feedback from Martin at our progress. The group dance lessons were very fun and got us to go even more out of our comfort zone. You dance with a lot of different partners during this time, which may be scary for some people, but it actually helps you get so much more comfortable at dancing in general. I really wish we had more time during that month to attend more classes, but wedding planning really consumes all your energy.   What I really appreciated was their weekly dance parties (Wednesday and Friday nights). These parties gave couples the perfect opportunity to practice their dances in a fun, positive, judgement-free environment. Even when we weren't in a private lesson, Martin and Nikki continually checked in on us or gave us tips when they saw us practicing in studio. They are also just super down to earth people that really care about their students. Our first dance ended up going well very well (including a dip at the end) and we really owe that all to Fred Astaire Dance Studio!
5 Martin and Nikki are truly fabulous teachers! My fiancé (now husband) went to take some lessons so that we didn't make complete fools of ourselves on our first dance, I have NEVER danced (always played sports) and he was blessed with 2 left feet, amazingly they had some right feet available in their closet of tricks!!!! We were both so nervous and a little skeptical that they could help us and make us feel comfortable dancing but they did! Not only did we master our first dance but we learned a couple of dances that I had always wanted to learn. At the wedding everyone was shocked at how good and graceful my husband was. My husband had so much fun dancing that we have decided to continue with lessons! Martin and Nikki are caring, professional, patient, and overall amazing people!!!!
