5 I am absolutely in love with Lily and her lashes!  She does an amazing job!  I have received SO MANY compliments on my eyes and my lashes!  I could not imagine not having my lashes now. They make such a drastic change to my face. Lily is wonderful, very professional and she doesn't take HOURS like many lash places do!  If you want beautiful lashes, call Lily!  SHE IS AMAZING!!!
5 I am a junkie for Lily's Lashes. Depending on your schedule, she can do your lashes at Boutique Solie or a home visit. A full fill takes about 1.5 hours and they will look amazing. They really transform your face. Lily's prices are so reasonable compared to other places. Fills are $50 and most of the time last me 5 weeks.
5 After a botched eyelash extension experience from Groupon Lily saved the day. I was a bit panicked and e-mailed her after seeing her great reviews in hope she could save my lashes. She quickly replied to get me in for a repair appointment.   She worked around my complicated work schedule and her central Phoenix location and Saturday afternoon flexible hours made my experience that much better. Her prices were extremely reasonable particularly when you consider the time she had to take to remove my prior extensions. She was so gentle and my eyelashes are unreal! I am so grateful!   I love her work! If your looking for a great eyelash artist Lily is your lady!   Lily applies lashes out of Boutique Solie on McDowell Rd. and 7th Ave. or out of her home in a beautiful downtown historic neighborhood. Free and easy street parking was available. You can pay by credit card, cash or check. Convenient, accommodating, great customer service, beautiful lashes... What more could I ask for! ?   Check out the amazing before and after photo I attached to see the transformation she performed!
5 I have been getting lashes for over 4 year's am slightly addicted and I love them! Lily is amazing, professional,and a perfectionist. I would highly recommend her to EVERYONE. She is welcoming and makes you feel right at home. She is extremely clean and sanitary with the instruments she uses and it's so relaxing I sometimes fall asleep! :) I am constantly getting compliments! The best part is she is very flexible and gets you in as soon as she can. Call Lily!!!!!
5 I had a great experience getting my first ever set of eyelash extensions with Lily. I am so happy I chose to buy the living social deal for her. I texted her to schedule my appointment and she was very accommodating, agreed to see me the next day. I went to her house because it was an evening appt and it was a very clean environment. It took about 1 hour to put on the full set and I loved it. When I got home afterward, I noticed one side was a tiny bit thicker than the other and she accommodated me again on short notice, the next morning to put in a few more lashes. I love the way I look and feel with the lashes. They don't weigh down my eyelids like false lashes do and I am not wearing mascara anymore which is a big deal in the mornings when I'm getting ready for work. Cuts down a lot of time. I highly recommend getting eyelash extensions with Lily. A fun girl with a great talent and amazing customer service.
5 Had been thinking about getting extensions for a while now, and after some research and seeing the reviews/pictures of Lily's work, I just HAD to call her.    The process was completely relaxing.  She has such a gentle touch, that you can barely feel her working.  The total process took about an hour for me, and when I saw the results, I almost squeaked!  They are so beautiful and I cannot tell that I have them on unless I look at myself in the mirror! I am looking forward to never using mascara again.  I will definitely be seeing more of Lily in the future and recommending her for lash extensions to all my family and friends (and maybe even gifting them as Christmas presents)!
1 My experience with Lily was not what I expected. Since I never had lashes before, I thought there would be some type of consult regarding the different types of lashes that were available and why certain ones would be better than others.  But when I arrived at her home for the appointment, I sat and turned to her for a consult and she kept patting the pillow for me to lay down so she could start applying lashes. I didn't know what to do so I just laid down and she started applying lashes.   While she was applying them, I asked her about mink lashes and she said she only does silk because the mink tends to be lighter. She didn't mention anything else so I thought that there were only silk and mink. I did not realize there are so many different types of lashes until I went somewhere else where someone actually gave a consult prior to starting the work on my lashes.  She also didn't let me know that if there are naturally tangled lashes or lashes that stick out in an odd direction, they will still be like that after the fake lashes are put on. It would have been important to know so that I would know that tangled or misdirectional lashes would be amplified.  After she put the lashes on, I looked in the mirror and I was horrified. They were thick and wiry and garish and I let Lily know that I didn't like them at all. She said they look like hers and don't hers look natural? I mentioned that hers were messy and looked like they needed to be filled and she said that was correct.  I wanted to take them off right away but decided that since I spent a few hundred dollars, I would at least get one opinion before doing that. I went home and immediately was told that it looked terrible. I called Lily right away and asked if I could come back and have them removed because it was a Saturday afternoon and I had plans for the weekend. She said she was busy and could not take them off.   I asked if I could come the next day and she said she was too busy.   When I had my appointment to have the lashes put on, it was at her house, lying in her dining room with her kids running around and the neighbor kids came over to play in the middle of my appointment while she was applying the lashes. I didn't mind that  and assumed that since she would take appointments while hanging out at home with kids for a playdate, I was hoping since she didn't have to go to a studio to remove them and it takes no more than 5 minutes I could quickly come and have them removed, but she could not find the 5 minutes.  I was mortified that I had to live with these lashes and even go to work on Monday if I could not get them off before the end of the weekend so I asked her to leave the product to remove the lashes outside her front door at her home so I could take them off myself. I drove to her house to pick up the product and when I got home, it took less than 5 minutes to get them off.  I am in the service industry which has nothing to do with any part of a persons face, but if someone is in a terrible situation and I can fix it in 5 minutes without leaving my home, I will make sure to help. If I worked with a persons face, the urgency to help would be even greater.  I had to wear sunglasses everywhere I went until I took the lashes off myself including wearing the sunglasses on my outing that Saturday night. I was so relieved to have the lashes removed even if I had to do it myself with chemicals that could have been damaging had I made a mistake since I didn't know what I was doing.  Anyone considering lashes should make sure they will get a consult and be educated on the different types, thicknesses, lengths, etc of the lashes that are available so that they get the ones that will work for them. Also important is that the person applying the lashes is available if the result is not good so that they can be removed right away.
1 I though it was a little strange to have a business out of your house (let alone questionably legal- is that legal?), but it was even stranger waiting on a dirty porch with dying plants surrounding me and foil in the windows, thinking all the while I was going into a business. However, after a half an hour sitting on the porch past my appointment time, with no life from the shutters, I cut my losses and left. After several calls and texts, "lily" hasn't called me back concerning the missed appointment. Luckily I found someone who could take me last minute- and they look great! Maybe I dodged a bullet considering the other review?
2 So just an update, she did contact me and say that she had an unexpected death in the family, so hence the no communication.
