2 Basically it's the old Centurion tower at Caesar's Palace.  The place just opened not too long ago but it seems like they did mostly cosmetic upgrades.  The rooms were of standard size in that price range.   The room is pretty simply decorated and gives a more zen feeling which is expected for a Japanese inspired hotel.  The room still smelled of paint and was quite dusty.  For the room we got, there were some problems with the thermostat in that it wasn't working.  Plus the engineer that came by at 4am to try to fix this problem said that he didn't think they changed the windows neither, and that's why there's a small draft coming into the room from the outside as well.  It took  2 hours to get some extra blankets.  These are the reasons why my thought is that they only did cosmetic upgrades.  None of the internals, HVAC, electrical plumbing upgrades were done.  When we were checking out, we complained to the front desk about the problems since they even took the room off the market since they knew it was having major problems that they wouldn't want to have other paying customers face.  We spoke to the receptionist and they said that a manager would call the cell phone number on that account.  Never got the phone call and this was at 2pm.  When we left the hotel later, 11pm, we told them that the manager never called.  Got stuck there for another hour, couldn't get a refund and their compensation was that we could book a bigger suite the next time we come at the cheapest room rate.   I would have just preferred to stay at Encore like I normally do, but wanted to give them a try since I love Nobu's food so much.  Not too happy about the customer service that never seems to lack at any of the Nobu Matsuhisa restaurants.  Extremely disappointed.
5 The service is absolutely extraordinary, as are the accommodations. The location is perfect and sure, it's expensive, but you get what you pay for, and then some. To be able to stay in a major hotel on the Strip with all the benefits, but also have a silent retreat at the end of the day is truly something special. The staff we encountered truly go out of their way to help you. Fantastic stay! We will certainly return in the future.
5 My buddy and I were comped for the Forum Tower for a long weekend. We've stayed at Caesars 20 times between the two of us and have stayed in every tower.  We have a friend whose husband is in the gaming business, so we texted her our confirmation number, and she said she got us an upgrade. We were assuming it was in the Laurel Collection Towers, so we went to that check in desk. Lo and behold, we were assigned to the Nobu Tower! Just what I was hoping for!  We walked over to the Nobu Check in, which is right next to Cleopatra's Barge. Easy to find your way home after a few too many cocktails! There is a feeling of serenity as soon as you walk into their small lobby. A friendly agent assigned our room and up we went. Sophisticated elevators read your key, direct you to which elevator car to enter, and deliver you to the correct floor. Very secure!  The room is dark and a little minimal, with a distinct asian feel. Lots of wood, stone and dark colors. The carpet is beautiful and so soft. We had two beds, a huge TV, a leather sofa and table, and the dresser which holds the mini bar. The beds are amazing as are the linens. I have never felt anything like the bath towels. Like a soft, thin sponge. I miss those towels.  Bath is marble floor, black ceramic walls in the glass shower. Single sink (which is huge; you could bathe a Golden Retriever in that sink!). No tub. No separate WC. No bidet. The shower is set up so you get wet when you turn on the shower. And when housekeeping leaves the shower head pointed too far up, you spray the toilet and opposite wall when you turn on the shower!  Room size is decent, but smaller than in the newer towers (Nobu is the old Centurion Tower, the oldest on the property). Nothing high tech: normal drapes, lighting and TV. Our view was to the south with an offset view of the strip properties, and a direct view of another tower.  As we were getting settled, a knock on the door was a gentleman bearing a pot of green tea and some cookies which are apparently famous in Nobu's home town in Japan. Let's just say the cookies will appeal to those with asian or adventurous palates. A nice touch, though.  We didn't use room service or dine at Nobu to review those things. Housekeeping was excellent. Slippers always placed at bedside, excellent robes. I love the location. Close to everything. No long walk to your room!  Things I missed: a bathtub, a separate WC, and a better view.  Things I loved: location within Caesars, beds and towels, service, and a feeling of being somewhere special. Oh, and access to Qua Spa was complimentary! That's $45/day savings for me, as I enjoy the spa every day. Awesome!  I can't speak to the value of this room vs. other rooms (it is more expensive than standard rooms in the other towers), but I enjoyed it and would stay there again.
4 I stayed here about a week after their opening and I must say there are so many things I like about the Nobu Hotel:  Customer service oriented: Someone with the hotel called us about a week before our stay and asked if we had any special requests.  They asked us if we would like flowers upon our arrival (for a fee - they would work with our budget), what songs we would like for our playlist (they would provide an iPod with our requested songs), and if we had any pet pictures to email them so that they could print and frame the picture and put it on display for us in our room.  Also, during our stay they were quick to respond to any and all of our requests and needs.  Boutique hotel feel/hotel within a hotel concept: Because Nobu is such a small hotel they are able to really focus on customer service and are able to respond to requests faster than bigger hotels are able to.  An added bonus about it being a small hotel is that it is really quiet which makes for a more relaxing atmosphere.  We never had to share an elevator during our stay and never came across anyone besides hotel staff in the hallway.  Some nice touches: great-tasting tea and crackers at check-in and bottled water at turn-down.  Amazing rooms: The rooms are spacious and simply yet nicely appointed.  The room we had was very clean and the couch did not give me the heebie jeebies like most hotel chairs and couches usually do :p  The bathroom comes with only one sink and there is no separate water closet for the toilet.  Also, the shower is open, no door or curtain.  However, the bathroom was large with nice fixtures and I found the black-tiled shower to be very relaxing.  Loved their huge flat screen Samsung TV!  The images on the screen were extremely clear and made everyone on TV look that much better :p  A plus for us was that we were given a room with a view of the strip, though from a lower floor and a bit at an angle.     Nobu Restaurant and In-Room Dining: It is so convenient and such a treat having the restaurant downstairs and their food available at all times of the day and night through their room service.  Note: they have items on their room service menu that they do not have on their restaurant menu; therefore, their in-room dining is a must!    A few things came up during our stay that made it not quite 100% perfect, such as: - The remote control for the TV did not quite work which I thought was a bit odd for having just opened.   - The replacement remote they gave us was sticky which could've been due to tape and packaging.  However, we didn't want a sticky remote and they were quick to give us another one that worked well and was not sticky. - We tried to change the volume of the music while we were listening to the playlist they provided us and in doing so could not access and play the music after that.   - Room service took longer than what we were told but luckily we were not in a hurry at the time.  Some things to note: - The quickest access to the hotel would be from the main entrance and valet area.  It is straight ahead from the entrance and to the right just past Cleopatra's Barge.   - Place your room key in front of the sensor for elevator access and select your floor number.  A letter will pop up letting you know which elevator to take up to your room and then you will be taken straight to your floor. - If housekeeping leaves the drain on after turn-down, just push down on the drain to release it as there is no separate handle for that.  Overall, I really enjoyed the Nobu Hotel and would definitely come back for their great service, nice rooms, and yummy food!
4 Private entrance, friendly check in staff. Automated elevators which is cool, although they did take us to the wrong floor multiple times. Once you check in the room, they deliver tea and cookies, although i kinda wanted to get it on with my wife right away. My biggest issue, was that it was our first time there and they put us on the bottom floor. At night we could hear the club music and our view was the rooftop. now MIND you, they put up huge dioramas of asian scenery to offset this, which was AWESOME, but being a business owner myself, you always want to put on a good show for someone, the first time they use your business.
1 I must be really spoiled by the Wynn & Encore and regret not staying there.  Upon arriving to the Nobu hotel, there wasn't any bell staff to help with your luggage and when you travel with kids there is plenty of it. After wheeling my luggage through the casino we came to the Nobu check-in - no lobby area, no chair to sit NOTHING remotely welcoming. The elevator was having issues so we had to have the desk people call the elevator with their keys every time we wanted to go up to our rooms. The rooms are cheap and über simple, no electronic drapes, no TV in the bathroom, NO BATHTUB (really sucks if you have kids to bathe), no shower door or even shower curtain (really bad if you're trying to fix your hair while someone is in the shower, steam flattens hair), shower water pressure was HORRIBLE, no double sink in the bathroom, poor drawer space for clothing, THIS PLACE SUCKS, will most likely go under really soon!
2 We have stayed at Caesars many times and we will go back.  We love the place, but NOBU and the the hype leading up to it, frankly not worth it.  Pros: Center of Casino/Hotel Personalized checkin and services Very Clean rooms  Cons: Rooms are really small Bathrooms- really basic and not easy for a couple to use For the price- I expected better luxury   If need personalized attention and someone to hold your hand in Vegas, this is the place.    Don't get me wrong, it was decent, but compared to a Palace or Augustus Tower Deluxe Room that are bigger, better views, and more spacious bathrooms, well you get the point.  The service was great, but in the end, been here done that.    Next visit to Caesars will get a bigger room, with a better view, and drink discounts, but I will have to walk a little farther to the pool and casino.
3 i think the people who rate this hotel 5 stars are accustomed to motel 8 rooms. It's painfully obvious the rooms here are old Roman tower rooms (built 10+ years ago) with some updated carpets and furniture. There's no desk at all for those who need to get some work done. For charging a premium because of it being a 'new hotel', it's kind of lacking. For the same price you can get so much better at venetian/ palazzo or cosmopolitan. I think the room would deserve 4 - 5 stars if the price point is in the $50 - $80 range - it's really not much of an upgrade over a Mirage or Paris.
2 Not what I was hoping for.  Took the wife for a special birthday weekend.  We usually stay at Ceasar's or Aria but I'd wanted to try Nobu, looking for a something unique.  Gotta say it didn't live up to the hype.  First room we checked into was dark and had a view of the casino air conditioners.  They did move us up 2 floors to a nicer room, but still nothing special.  For the same price ( or less ) I've stayed at the Aria with a strip view suite. Never saw any tea and cookies either!  Bed was very comfortable and the slippers at turndown were a nice touch, but the A/C was so loud we had to turn it off at night to sleep.  Housekeeping staff was very pleasant but after being out of the room all day, we returned around 5 to an unmade room.  After calling the front desk, housekeeping came up to clean the room, but in a luxury hotel this was inexcusable.  And in a town of comps, the indifferent manager offered nothing. Motel 6 is more on top of it!  For the $$$ I think there are much better options
1 My experience of this past weekend is so OPPOSITE these 4-5 star reviews that I have to wonder whether these people are/were on the Nobu staff, especially when I experienced easily three other parties complaining to the check-in staff at the same time I was waiting to have my own grievances heard.  Complimentary tea and cookies?? Nope.  Solicitous, helpful staff? Sorry, no... My husband and I opted to try the Nobu as it was billed as Vegas's newest luxury hotel. We checked into a room that overlooked the hotel generator. When requesting a room change, the manager told me very condescendingly that "the hotel is an interior property" as though I were a complete moron not to realize what a perk this apparently was.  We were moved to another room where the drape on the window was torn so it did not close properly at night, leaving a large gap. We were out of the room the next day by 8 am and requested early servicing of our room. When we returned at 5 pm, the room was still unmade. Follwing 3 phone calls and no service, I went down to the desk where several other guests were complaining to the Nobu staff. One party had been waiting over an hour for room service that arrived cold. Another guest could not check into their room-- at 5 pm-- because it was still "being serviced." My particular manager was both officious and mechanical in his repetion of "sorry m'am. We had 100% turnover today." Wrong on both counts-- we had been at the hotel since the day before, so our room was not turned over, so to speak, and what kind of response is this for a so-called luxury hotel?? The manager did ask me if I wanted "fresh towels and some room amenities." Neither which ever arrived, by the way.  Towels did come an hour later when the room was freshened.  I have stayed in enough luxury properties on the Strip to know that a savvy hotel manager would have done practically anything to gain customer satisfaction and loyalty-- especially for a new propperty.  Not this guy. Clearly, the Nobu Hotel must be doing sufficient business to not need repeat guests. I sincerely doubt that any of us at the check-in desk-- tiny by the way, with guests clustered uncomfortably in a cramped lobby area-- will be back. There are far too many other excellent options, even at Caesars Palace to warrant this kind of lackluster treatment.  With an international reputation for service and quality that goes with the Nobu name, its namesake hotel dishonors its lineage.  I will say that the bed was comfortable; the room was quiet and the towels-- when they arrived-- were plush.  But a far cry from what was advertised and expected.
3 My husband surprised me for my birthday with a staycation at Nobu Hotel in a luxury room this past weekend.  The hotel itself is really nice, but we did have some issues with service that we addressed with the manager.  She did listen and handled our concerns well, so perhaps the experience for future guests will improve.  We arrived over 2 hours before official check-in (did not know when it was, found out it was 4 PM) - the front desk agent offered to rush our room for us, and in the mean time, we went to Caesars pools to enjoy that perk of the resort fee.  The pools were great, and we enjoyed a pina colada.  We were having so much fun we did not get back to the hotel lobby until almost 5 PM, but our room was still not ready, even after it was "rushed" 3 hours before - that was upsetting, so we had to wait there in our swim clothes (there are no chairs to sit on as the lobby is tiny).  The agent told us the resort fee included the pool, free wifi for one device, and the Caesars fitness center but to upgrade to the spa, we had to just pay the $45 day pass fee per person.  Once we got to our top floor room, it was very nice.  Beautiful space, clean and modern, comfy bed.  The view is of the casino roof/HVAC, but there was still a view of Bellagio Fountains and Eiffel Tower.  There is a balcony around the floor no door in the room to get out.  The bathroom had a giant basin sink, a separate vanity, a huge rainshower, and a Toto (non-heated) toilet.  We took post-pool showers and then wondered where our welcome drink/snack was - after reading about it on yelp and tripadvisor, we expected it right away.  About 50 minutes after we got to the room, housekeeping came to do turndown service.  I told her we had just gotten there and were showering, so I am not sure what she could do - we called the front desk, who told us they should not have come before 6.  We scheduled turndown to come back at 7 while we were at Nobu for dinner.  We also called and asked for the welcome snack - if we had not known about it we never would have received it - iced green tea and oedo were brought to the room, which was nice.  After our epic 3 hour meal at Nobu, we returned to the room at 10 and no turndown service came.  We went back to the lobby to ask for turndown service again before we left to go out.  When we returned, the room had calming music and a garden screen on the TV, Japanese slippers and water on each side of the bed, and lavender mist in a bottle.  The lights were lowered, and it was very nice.  We had a great slumber in the bed, and in the morning ordered in-room dining, which was great (see my Nobu Restaurant review for more info).  This time, the front desk told us we could upgrade to the Qua Spa for only $20 per person - so we got mixed information, but decided to find out by going to Qua - sure enough, $20 upgrade fee per person, so we took advantage of Qua and extended our check out to 1 PM (it is normally 11 AM).  Back at the lobby, the bellman swiped his own key to the elevators and pressed the floor we told him, so it was not secure (guests are supposed to submit their key to scanner and get assigned an elevator).  When we returned to our room at 12:45 PM, it was propped open!  No one was in there, and all of our valuables (rings, phones, etc.) were there for the taking.  Anyone could have gone up there the way we were asked about elevator access and with the room open.  I have no idea who opened our room or left it open since we were not checking out yet.  Luckily nothing was stolen but it was very scary to us.  The manager did respond positively to our concerns, provided some compensation, and offered to make sure our next stay would be perfect.  The room was great but at the cost of this one night stay, I am not sure it would make sense to return because at that price, service should be at a higher standard.  Room requires prepaid deposit.
1 I'm writing this review without even staying at the hotel yet.  I was so frustrated with the whole reservation process.  I've been to Nobu restaurant in Malibu and totally enjoyed the experience.  Hence, I was excited to try out their first venture into the hotel business.  I called to make a reservation for a 2 night stay.  The reservation agent was very helpful initially.  After she told me the rooms and rates available, I selected a double room.  She was able to give me a discounted rate of $269 per night (for the weekend)...great!.  She told me that I would receive an email to confirm the reservation at which time I would have to submit my credit card number to hold the room.  I waited and did not receive the email.  I called the next day.  After talking to numerous agents/supervisors (took over 30 minutes on the phone), they were unable to find my reservation.  They offered to make a new reservation at a rate of $329 per night.  When I mentioned that it was not the original price I was quoted, they apologized but offered no solutions.  After the whole ordeal, I decided to try another hotel.    Nobu makes great food..I think they should stick to food business...unless they could improve their service department for the hotel.
1 Lets just start by saying I love Nobu's Restaurants and that was the whole reason we chose to stay here, that being said the experience was terrible from the moment we arrived. The bellhop promised was busy, the check in staff was poorly trained and inattentive. Expecting epic room service forget it very slow and nothing special. Funny thing was I was having dinner one night at the restaurant and telling the waiter about the experience we were having and he said he would go over and try and fix it which he did. After he came back he stated he doesn't think they get it, in fact none of them have even come over to the restaurant for dinner to see what they should be living up to. Owe and I asked the concierge to if he could make me a dinner reservation at Nobu, he looked at me like what the hell are you asking me for, pointed to the restaurant and told me to go over there, I asked a second time and got the same response. Asked to speak to a manager that night, he came down was very rude, I told him I would just contact corporate the next day, he flipped out started yelling at me right in the lobby, refused to give his name when asked and stomped off telling me the general manager would contact me, she did 24 hours later, again no help and no service. Such a shame that what should have been a great experience was a complete let down.   Last comment Nobu restaurant epic, Nobu hotel epic Failure!
5 24-hour Nobu restaurant room service!!  Honestly, I've never ordered so much room service in my life... & worth every penny!!  This happened to be on a Memorial Day wkend, so there was a long wait to get into any restaurant, at lunch or dinner on the Strip... Very convenient when you're staying at Nobu Hotel.. you just call it in!   As far as quality of the rooms, it's very spacious and nicer than I expected. From the pics I saw on online booking sites, room decor looked cheesy and I was a bit concerned-- Actually, these rooms do not photograph very well, but in person, it's quite nice!  I would stay here again.
3 We stayed here in a standard room on 7/19.  The room looks and feels brand new (nicely decorated with modern fixtures and modern amenities.  And, had they paid attention to details, it would have been worth the rack rate of $250-ish/night.  ================ PROS: ================ - New fixtures in the bathroom with a spacious shower.  - Really comfortable bed and linens  - Large room and bathroom  - Room service (breakfast) from Nobu was REALLY good (I got the egg pancake)  - Nice LCD television  ================ CONS: (again, it's Nobu, they should pay attention to these details) ================ - The reception desk is hidden in the elevators for the Nobu hotel.  It'll take you a while to find it, and your best bet is to follow signs for the Nobu restaurant.  -  Our room lacked a privacy sign, so we were awoken at 8am by housekeeping.  -  When we tried to order room service on 7/20 at 10am, we were placed on hold for about 10 minutes.  We called back and were transferred 3x before being able to place an order.  - We ordered room service at 10:15a, and by 10:45 the manager was knocking on our door wondering when we were going to check out (checkout is 11am).  -  When you check into the room, the TV is playing tranquil music, which is nice.  But the walls are paper thin, and you can hear that same tranquil music in the wee hours of the night playing in the rooms on either side.  - Our room overlooked the Caesar's roof, so we got a nice birds-eye view of the HVAC system.  - The earliest reservation we could get at the Nobu restaurant was for 11pm.  You would think that hotel guests could get a better reservation since they're staying on the property.  ================ Bottom Line:   ================ Wait until they hit their 1-year anniversary and work out the annoying details before you book a room at $250+/night.
5 Love this hotel. Just opened in February and it's an upscale calming oasis amidst standard Vegas crazy. 4.75 stars  Cost to worth it rating: 3 (more than other spots but well worth it) Return worthiness: yes Eve award: best hotel shower in the US  Highlights: - Decor: asian art was nice with a black dragon outline above the bed and nice japanese lamps and paintings  - Shower: I'm a sucker for a great shower and this was one of the best. 2nd only to a waterfall style one in Shanghai. Long walk in area with a powerful multi-jet square shower head. Also really nice toiletries there waiting for you. - Room: spacious and with a comfortable bed and cool long couch where 2 people could spread out abs chill - Little touches: from the trendy swipe in front of the door key to the college dorm room style tassel that means do not disturb to the fuzzy soft flip flops they leave for you by your bed each night, it distinguished itself from other hotels  - Staff: top level service - Room service: awesome menu from nobu with upscale Japanese items not even on the restaurant menu  Midlights: - Fancy elevator: have to scan your card to get in which is secure but my cuz and I had to go in different elevators which was weird - In Caesars: the persona of the hotel only extends to the small reception hallway and the rooms. On the plus side, you get all the big hotel amenities like the huge pools, restaurants, and mall.  Lowlights: - Welcome tea: never got ours and my cuz got hers a day late - Scent: overpowering floral smell in the reception hall  Loved my stay here and would definitely return.
3 I like how secluded this place is after I walked through crowded touristy Caesar's Palace. It is so quiet throughout the small property.   Has anyone ever asked why their front desk is smaller than a restroom? Anyway guys working there are cute.   Internet is super fast but beware that your resort fee only entitles you one device per room. My phone was stolen by a cab driver so I bought a new phone in Vegas. Connected it to the Internet so I could finish setting it up and it ended up costing me $14.99. Are you kidding me?   Beside that, check in at front desk was extremely fast, about 2 mins. But if you try to call them, it might take eternity. This is the first hotel I've stayed at in Vegas that would send someone to your room to give you a tour.   The best part is their room service. I don't know who personally cleaned my room. (they will leave a print note in your room addressed by your room's assistant but I forgot her name..) She folded my clothes and even put the cap back onto the toothpaste. Definitely paid a lot of attention to details.  But I will not stay there again. This place just doesn't stand out in Vegas.
2 We travel to Vegas several times a year.  We go for the food and the entertainment, not for the gaming.  We typically stay at the Wynn and have always had great experiences there.  We've tried most of the top end hotels along the strip but seem to like the Wynn the best.  We wanted to try something different this trip, so we booked a room with the new Nobu Hotel.  We should have stayed loyal to the Wynn.  Overall, we were very un-impressed with the service at the Nobu Hotel in Ceasar's Palace.  The web site brags about the hotel's "VIP Amenities & Service".  This was not our experience.  The lobby is tiny.  (But is smells great)  The front desk has only 2 people who work there.  When we arrived at 5:00pm on a Friday, there were 4 people in line in front of us.  It took 25 mins of standing and waiting in the lobby before they could get to us.  In the mean time, every time someone would get in or out of the elevators, the lobby was so tiny, that we would get bumped into, have to move our luggage around, etc. to make space for people to come and go.  At one point, one of the check-in clerks actually left the front desk to take a party up to his room leaving no-one attending guests at the front desk.  The rest of us in line just kind of stood around and looked at each other waiting for someone to come and check us in.    Finally a young man came out and started to check people in.  He apologized profusely for the wait and the lack of service and promised to have their signature tea service delivered to the room for us to make up for our wait.  He went on about what a great experience the tea service provides.  When we got to the room. there was no tea service.  It never arrived.  Instead there was a letter on the coffee table welcoming "Jim and Jennifer" to the hotel.  I have no idea who Jim and Jennifer are.  Maybe they got to enjoy our tea service.    To really top off this experience, after we checked out we found that the hotel had over billed our credit card by more than $300!  Instead of billing us for the rate that was confirmed on our reservation (made on-line through the Nobu Hotel website) they charged us at a much higher rate.  We've tried calling the hotel to get this corrected and we just get bounced around through their automated phone system.  Next step is to simply dispute the charge with Amex if we don't hear back from them today.  In the end, the rooms are very nicely designed, comfortable, etc.  But there are lots of great rooms in Vegas.  I'd pass on Nobu Hotel in the future.  Fortunately, the Wynn is happy to take us back. :)
3 We are waiting for our delayed flight out so I thought I would write a quick review of our experience at the Nobu hotel.  We had a pleasant stay, the rooms are nicely decorated and the staff while overwhelmed were all very pleasant.   However beyond there is hotel is really just a wing of redecorated rooms in an old low-rise tower. Beyond that you are just staying at Caesars so you will be in the same pools, restaurants etc as the other 4000 people staying there, which is not really a boutique hotel experience.  We were going to stay in the Mandarin Oriental but I forgot to book and by the time I looked the rooms were $500 a night. The Nobu was cheaper so we gave it a go, from what I saw of the Mandarin Oriental it is not a comparable experience. I want a hotel where I can get away from the crowds - you can do that at Nobu but only by staying in your room.   We had room 7424 which overlooks the interior - no view, no sight of the sky and really on the 3rd floor. Apart from the decor which was lovely, it was just ok. The shower lacked power, which is a shame as there was not bath.
2 Nobu Hotel is not a "hotel".  It is merely a wing of renovated rooms within the Cesar.  You will not find a hotel: you will find a two person checkin/concierge, 3 modern elevators and 181 rooms.   If you are looking for Nobu standard facilities, you will be disappointed.  There are none.  There is no lobby, no spa, no bar, no pool, nothing.    There is not even a sign outside the Cesar building, indicating its existence.  The hotel boasts of Japanese modern decor.  The rooms are simply nice.  These include a doorless shower, with knobs at the deep end of the shower, so you inevitably  get wet when it turning on and then freeze while you shower.  When I pointed out to one of the employees that I preferred a tub in the room, he said that they did not have tubs but that they did provide a wooden stool in the shower to sit on.   Before arriving, I called and asked guest services to provide a nice detail upon our arrival, since we were celebrating my husband's birthday (and agreed to pay for it).  We never received anything.  We did not get turn-down service the first night and though the concierge repeatedly mentioned they would deliver Japanese style tea as we arrived, we never received that either. After my first night stay, I expressed my disappointment to the hotel Manager and told her I would like to check out.  She said I could, (of course) check out anytime but that I would be charged for the remainder of the nights I had reserved.  I contacted American Express, (through whom I had reserved the hotel).  Understanding my disappointment, Amex called the Nobu Hotel's Manager to try to negotiate with them.  The Manager told Amex that they had already charged us for the remaining nights and would not credit anything.  I have have been fortunate enough to visit many Nobu restaurants, throughout the world and I am disappointed to say that this "wing" at the Cesar called "Nobu Hotel"  certainly does NOT live up to the name.  I suppose if you know you are staying at Caesar's, you will be pleasantly surprised by the "nicer" and renovated  rooms  at the Nobu "wing".  But if you are expecting the level of luxury and quality facilities associated with the Nobu name,  you will be greatly disappointed.
1 Horrible service they never make our 2 rooms I call several times and nothing happen and the next day I call to housekeeping and ask for towels and shampoo they came after 45 minutes and explain my problem to the supervisor and with a big smile she told me so sorry and that's it!!!!  it's really old building, its a shame for the Nobu and the worst part the hotel shows like 5 stars and reality is 3 stars
4 First, I will give you the upside. Love the smells of newness and everything from the hallways, elevators and bathrooms still smelled new. Very helpful bellhops and friendly check in desk folks. Desk help could not have been more pleasant.  Now the downsides, we couldn't get our room very cool and complained but nothing seemed to happen. The check in desk gets backed up at times with only two workers. I would definitely stay there again though and loved having access to the spa and pools at Caesars.
2 My husband, brother-in-law, mother and I all stayed at the Nobu Hotel last weekend (10/5/13 thru 10/8/13). We splurged a little and payed for the limo service ($65.00 one way). Our luggage arrived about an hour before we got to Las Vegas. After we realized where the luggage was stored, we noticed there was no limo driver in sight. The hotel did call me and send another limo right away. Upon arrival to the hotel, we were escorted by Nobu staff to the hotel lobby area. There was very little room in the small check in area. Since we arrived early, none if our rooms were ready. We had to wait about five hours until A room was ready. I asked ahead if time if all our party could be on the same floor. They FINALLY achieved this request but with a lot of persistence from me.   The rooms were pretty nice and looked just like the pictures on this and the hotel web site. There was NO welcome tea in the room. I, once again, had to request it. Needless to say, the hotel is in a very central location in Cesear's Palace. But due to all the minor issues, I will not be staying here again in the future. I prefer the Palazzo (Prestige) much more!
4 Nobu?  YES!  So I was reading some reviews on trip adviser about this place and was shocked to see it getting appalling ratings.    We went for their soft opening and we had a blast!    I have to admit, the hotel IS really tricky to find.  Don't look for the signs, look for their LOGO.     Don't know what their logo looks like?  You will have to look it up.  You walk into Caesars, walk through a bit of the casino, make a right, a left and a right and then you see a orange amber glow of Nobu.  Nobu what?  I'm not too sure what it is, but that's where you go when you need to go to your room.  I wouldn't call it  a lobby, or a foyer or anything.  Sure the elevators are there, but there are no buttons to press!  Check in is personal and done with an Ipad.  There inst really a front desk or anything.    A bell man appeared to help us with our luggage, but come to think of it, I'm actually not sure where he appeared from!  Was shown the room and the amenities and 5 minutes after we checked in there was a knock on the door.  Tea for four and crackers!  YUM.  The Hotel is styled nicely.   All decor is thought out.  Large wooden drawers.   Comfortable  quality leather couch.  Large bathroom with walk in shower, no door and the largest sink and basin (nearly a bathtub, really) you have ever seen in your life.     Slippers, (pick your color)  Robes (black or white) and a large TV.   Turn Down service.    Its a nice place.  Our view was that of the Venetian, and Treasure Island, so not bad at all.   The Hotel is quite central.     I would stay back here again.  We got a Saturday rate of $134.   Nobu?  Why not
1 I stayed at the Nobu on November 8 &9 2013 for a hefty price.  My husband and I were "upgraded" to a room right by the penthouse suite.  Little did we know that when we got back around 2:00AM the penthouse party next door was blowing the roof off the place.  With all the security in the hotel, they had to know this was going on.  The manager apologized over the din as he moved us, but said he could do nothing for us other than comp food because we booked with Hotels.com.  Then the morning manager gave my husband a hard time. I guess this is a beautiful hotel but if you expect to sleep, go somewhere else.
4 The most comfortable hotel bed I've slept in aside from the Montage and the Mondrian.  The art on the walls suck.  The rooms are designed very nice but someone made a huge mistake with the art selection.  It's like you walk into this Zen space and look at the wall and see a frenzy of overly bright incongruous images that could send anyone into a schizophrenic episode.  These images need to be changed.  I am personally going to contact Nobu about it.  Who knows, right?  It's a good thing you can order from the Nobu menu and have it delivered by room service.  The service by the way is impeccable.  Be sure to visit the main hotel's spa.
5 It is at the heart of the Caesars, a convenient and central location, just steps away from the Coliseum where we attended a concert. Love the layout and minimalist design with Japanese influence of the hotel and our deluxe king room! It was a comfortable, relaxing one night stay that's well worth the cost. We enjoyed every bit of it.  The hotel staff were also friendly and attended to our needs. One should also experience the Nobu in-room dining. Breakfast in bed was delightful and delicious. I ordered the blueberry yuzu and soba pancakes and the Tamago yaki with everything (except tomato and cheese) in it.   Nobu is definitely among my top favorite hotels!
3 Nothing really special about this hotel within the hotel besides maybe shorter check in lines which is nice and asain themed room. Basically this just seems like they tried to do something special with some old space and while its nice its not really 5 star worthy.   The problem is Caesars palace is old and has horrible customer service.  Everything is slow and understaffed.   Wynn, Bellegio and Venetian are all better places to stay.
3 It's very nice....but Augustus is still my favorite.  The spa is on that side.  You can read from the earlier posts....welcome tea, robes, slippers, turn down service with a lavender spray, our elevators worked perfectly....need your key to get to the elevator...to get to the room. The staff was fabulous...! Also, the spa at Caesars is fantastic....if girls are going...it's a must...take your suits..relax...and you have access all day.  Bottom line...I love Caesars!
4 Short version: Pros: Modern, clean, decent size room, everything works, awesome bathroom and electronics. Con: Price, view, Internet isn't free. If the opportunity arises again and the price is right, I would stay here again.  Long version: Nobu is one of the towers inside Caesar's Palace. But it hides in plain sight. If you are not looking for it, you'll walk right pass it. The decor is very modern and seem to cater to younger, more affluent clientele. Elevator requires your room key and will only let you choose your floor and the floor with shared facilities like the business center.  The room décor is modern minimalistic with a hint of Japanese.  I got a room with a king size bed. The bed was very good, not too soft, not too hard. The pillows were a bit on the soft side.  Lighting is generous.  If I counted right, there were 4 lamps and a hallway light.  Even the closet has a motion sensing light inside. The closet is well equipped.  Hanger, safe, iron, additional beddings.    The room is also generous with electronics.  An alarm clock that is also a dock for iPhone/iPod/iPad (30 pins, not Lightning).  An regular hotel phone. I didn't measure it but the flat screen TV was at least 40 inches.  They also took the time to extend all the TV I/O connections to the top of the dresser so you can connect your devices to it.  There is a separate dedicated 30-pin connector for iPhone/iPod/iPad so you can play your own content on the big screen. As usual, this type of things only work with certain apps (that's an Apple problem).  The bathroom is quite large. The main feature includes a huge (and deep) basin sink, walk in shower with multiple shower head, chair for the shower, and a separate make up vanity.  It is big enough to have a couple walking in and out getting dress comfortably. Water pressure is good and hot water comes fairly quickly.  On the day you checked in, the hotel delivered a tray with green tea and senbei (Japanese rick cracker). A nice touch.  I stayed 4 nights. All were uneventful. One night the neighbor (double door type neighbor) were a bit loud so the sound proofing were not so good. If I have to complain about something, it would be that there is no view. Outside the window is just more hotel buildings. Nothing to see. And that at this day and age, they are still charging for Internet access. The resort fee (a surcharge) covered one device but not all. I didn't bother setting up my own router and just used my 3G plan for the other devices.  Over all, it was a positive experience. If the price is right, I will definitely stay here again.
3 Nobu Hotel is definitely someplace you go if you want to experience a high-end modern feel. It does have a Japanese flair to it. The staff are extremely courteous and the housekeeping service was great. They had turn down service that brought us slippers, tea, and some rice cakes. The bed was super comfortable and I loved the shower.  What I did not like was that it is indeed tucked away in one of the towers in Caesar's Palace, which doesn't give Nobu a lot of real estate foot print. This means they had very little room at check in. The elevators and check in area are cramped into one little space along with the bell hop's carts.  We were early and our room wasn't ready. The lady told us that she would call us in 45 min, which is the normal check in time. It was not until an hour after that that she called us to let us know our room was ready. By that time, we were already around the corner coming back to check.  We also asked for shower cap and it took them over 30 mins to bring it up to us. There is also a night club on the ground floor next to check in and we could hear the bass from it while trying to sleep. Not the most pleasant for what is suppose to be a high end hotel.  The Internet was free, but it was only free on one device. What?!  Overall, it was ok. Since it is the only Nobu Hotel, I tried it. I would suggest others to go just to experience it, but I probably would not be a consistent return customer.
4 Lots of varied reviews...    We had a very positive stay over Christmas.  The staff were wonderful, no issues very accommodating.  As mentioned in previous reviews, your room key is used for the elevator and only goes to your floor. That's a plus...   The room was clean... everything worked.  My wife loved the bed so much, she wants to find one and purchase it.  Noise... no real noise, we heard our neighbors open and close their door a couple of times but no noise issues other than that.    Resort fee covers the wi-fi ...   You are inside the Caesars compound, so no real view of the strip.  We didn't mind... we knew this going in.  We received the complementary tea and crackers, the robes were nice.   All in all... we really enjoyed our stay, well rested, no noise, great bed, right in Caesar's Palace so it was easy to enjoy the stores and restaurants.  I would recommend staying here to others.   Nice place.
2 Rooms are small and furniture is big! Rock hard couch with no view of the TV. Complicated thermostat Complicated shower ugly carpet and walls Nice bed and bathroom. Room service menu is all Asian and that includes breakfast Hard as jerky style bacon and cold toast. Ordered icewater both days and didnt get it!
5 The Nobu Hotel definitely lives up to its name...  I was very impressed with our suite, from the beds and linens, to the luxurious shower, to the comfortable and chic sitting area.  My only complaint was the lighting in our bathroom.  There was only one overhead light and a light at the sink; the vanity remained unlit and to get any sort of lighting, the door had to be shut.  The bath products were AMAZING.  Even at the nicest hotels, the products are over-scented and under-moisturizing.  Not these.  The shampoo and conditioner left my hair volumized and frizz-free.  The makeup remover and night cream definitely did their job.  Even the toothpaste was A-plus.  My favorite was the Body Balm (yes, I took a few home).  Not too thick, but also not cheap and watery.    There is not a view, but that did not bother our group.  The service was impeccable and the staff was very attentive.  The hotel is also quiet, which is unexpected considering the proximity to the casino, a nightclub, and Nobu restaurant.  All in all, I would stay there again.
4 Nobu has been traveling to 26 locations to maintain his investments and keeping in touch with his chefs. Well, after a bit in the air and staying in hotels, one gets tired of the standard 5 to 6 star hotels because they don't really understand Sassuru, Kikubari, Omotenashi, Okuyuki and Omoiyari. Which are major components in Japanese culture that are applied into the cuisine culture as well. What he is doing here in bringing all of that in with the best Robert can bring.   If a hard working well travelled Hollywood star and investor working with the top fusion Japanese sushi chef that conquered the 7 seas seafood, spices, sauces of every continent, employed and educated the most innovative chefs in the world... What do you get?  There is only one way to find out!   I see the rates today at around $149 for January and going up to $159, $500 to over $600 on some weekends. So, this is a great time to try it while the discounted price is offered!
4 The concept of the Nobu Hotel is brilliant but it's execution falls a bit short.  I stayed for 3 days and overall, I was pleased with my experience.  I'd consider staying here again because the price/service ratio seems inline BUT - I don't think that NOBU is a substituition for the Mandarin Oriental, Wynn or Encore properties.    The Good:  1.  The staff were young and seemed like they were still overcoming the 'learning curve' with being a relatively new hotel.  I made 2 simple requests before check-in:  More towels and extra bottled water.  Both of these did not happen.  After check-in though, the staff were polite, attentive and overall, made my stay a pleasant one.  While the young staff did make a few errors during my stay, they more than compensated for these with a positive attitude, prompt communication and a willingness to address my concerns.  2.  My room was exceptionally clean, nicely appointed and I appreciated the little details like Marvis toothpaste and probably the fluffiest towels I've encountered in a hotel.  3.  I was given an upgrade to a 'view room' which was a kind gesture but the view was lackluster.    4.  I really liked the secure elevator system.  As a guest, you only have access to your floor and I rarely encountered other guests in the hallways.  I think this is great idea and I had zero issues with noise during my stay.  The quiet calm of the hotel was a welcome diversion from the chaos a few hundred feet away at the main gaming pit of Caesars.   The Bad:  1.  If your craving an amazing Vegas strip view, you're probably not going to get it at Nobu - even in a view room.    2.  My king room did not have a desk so if your visiting for business, using a laptop for extended periods on the couch may be less than ideal.  The 'executive' level of the hotel had a few computers located directly in front of the elevator bank and seemed like an afterthought.  It would not be realistic to spend more than 15 minutes working here.  3.  I really love the concept of the boutique 'hotel within a hotel' but somehow, Nobu feels marginalized.  It feels like they could easily improve the customer service and amenities (a club level lounge or expanded breakfast or afternoon tea service perhaps?) up a couple of notches and be a solid competitor with the MO or Wynn properties.
5 I loved my stay here at this boutique hotel.  My partner and I planned a stay in Vegas for Valentine's.  At the last minute he surprised me with a room at Nobu.  I really enjoyed everything about my stay.   The hotel itself is inside the Caesars Casino which was a little confusing at first,  but once we realized it,  it was all smooth sailing from there.    The staff were very attentive.  They made us feel special.  The hotel has a definite VIP feel to it.  The suite was your typical boutique suite with a Japanese flare in the design aspect.  Very chic and sexy.  I would definitely stay here again.   One little tip... During our stay we ate both at Nobu Restaurant as well as room service. We noticed we ordered the same food from room service that we ordered in the restaurant  and it was cheaper. Go figure.  Next time we'll take all our meals in bed!  Lol
4 I really enjoyed my 3-night stay at Nobu. Tucked inside of Caesar's, it is easy to access from the taxi line doors, and is very private. It definitely has a "boutique" feel, and everything is tasteful and minimalist. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept on in a long time, and the bedding was comfy and cozy. I could have stayed in bed all day!  I love the bathrooms as well, from the huge walk-in shower to the heated toilet seats, everything was tastefully done, and really evoked a contemporary Japanese feel. The bath products were lovely as well. The hotel doesn't have much a view, but after experiencing many views in Vegas during other stays, I really didn't mind.  Friends were upgraded to a massive suite, and I had a great time poking around. The central area was huge, and housed a massive pool table, large kitchen, and at least three seating areas. Very impressive.  I really love the location of Nobu as well. Because it is right on the Strip, it's really easy to get to the Venetian and Bellagio, as well as City Center and the Cosmopolitan. I would definitely stay here again.
5 Loved the modern, sleek, boutique feel of this hotel. It's small which is a plus because you never have to wait for an elevator up to your room and  it's quiet. Nobu hotel is just a year old so everything is new and clean.  Though we didn't get a nice balcony view, we got nice fluffy towels, super soft sheets, daily turn down service , natura bisse Barcelona  toiletries, bath robes and slippers and free bottled water.  Plus it's really close to my favs, Nobu and Payard bistro.
5 OK; I stayed in the Hakone Suite at Nobu last weekend. It was pretty awesome.  Ours was at the end of the short hallway on the corner of the building (7606). The living room faces east (Flamingo view) and the bedroom faces south, with no notable view, except for the wall on which was painted a scene of Mount Fuji.  As you enter the suite, to the right is a large powder room. Past that also to the right is a semi-open wet bar. Lots of counter space, refrigerator, ice maker and 3 bar stools. Perfect spot to set up if you're hiring a bar tender or catering for a small party.  As you enter the living room, there is a large sofa, chairs, ottomans and a coffee table. Huge TV which unfortunately didn't have the A/V hookups that the TVs in the bedrooms have. No provision was made for music in the living room of the suite.  There was also a dining table with 6 chairs which could seat 8; there were no chairs at the ends of the tables. Lots of cool recessed lighting. Lots of switches. No automated drapes or lighting.  The bedroom is past the dining area to the right. It's huge, with a king bed and a sofa. Tons of space.  The bathroom is the best part. There is a big open space in the middle with a shag rug. A yoga mat is provided; plenty of room for some Down Dog in there.  Massive tub which filled instantly. No jets. I couldn't get it to drain; I suspect housekeeping used a screwdriver to pry up the drain plug when they cleaned.  The closet is actually a dressing room with a massive safe. Tons of space.  Double vanity with ridiculous huge sinks. You could bathe a Golden Retriever in those sinks. Or a Supermodel. Lots of counter space and tons of amenity shampoos, conditioner, bath salts, loofah, lotions, etc.  In a large separate room is the Toto toilet. This thing is crazy. As you enter the room, it senses your presence and opens the lid. The seat is heated. As you sit, it begins to make a flowing water sound, presumably to relax you. A silent filter/fan removes unpleasant odors. And then the cleaning begins. A small wand appears, and rinses your area with warm water. Gently, or not so gently. There is a wall-mounted remote control to change the settings. An air-assisted dry, and you're ready to go. Remote control flush, and the seat goes back down. Pretty cool.  The black ceramic tile steam shower was amazing as well. The steam generator is instant, scorching and incredibly loud. No waiting for this baby to heat up. There is a built in bench as well as a wood stool so you can sit. Room for 2 or 3.  We had an adjoining room (7608) which is the standard Nobu room with 2 beds. We also had the room next door (7610) which wasn't adjoining; 6 total guests.  This suite has completely and thoroughly spoiled me for Vegas rooms. I don't know how I'll be happy in a standard room again. Highly recommended.
5 Being a Nobu fan, I was anxious to try the Nobu Hotel. Rooms are a little more expensive then most Hotel's in Las Vegas. We had a  strip view room on floor 81 (it starts on floor 73), was one floor from the top. The view was average, you had to looked to the left to see the strip, if you look straight out of your room you look at another tower. It was a nice touch that I received a email a couple of day before arrival date offering transportation (for a charge) and free VIP tickets to pure and at a special area of the pool. The limo was waiting for us baggage claim and once we arrived at Caesar's  they had a bellhop waiting for us to take us to Nobu's private check in desk. Our room was not ready so we went to the Forum Shops to eat lunch and my only complaint was because the room was not ready and we were in the Forum Shops I ended up buying my wife  a Louis Vuitton purse. Dam I sure wish that room was ready. Once we got to the room, it was well appointed. We loved the open shower and the bathroom. The room had a nice couch, big TV  and a great comfortable bed. It was average size, I miss the size of a suite (what I usually stay in L.V.) It was hands down THE BEST ROOM SERVICE, I EVER HAD. What do you expect it's made from Nobu's  kitchen, it was like no room service I have ever had. Some dishes are made for room service only and is not served in the restaurant. I would stay there again just for the room service. It now ranks up there with my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.
3 5 Stars for the Bed! Super Comfy! The staff is  courteous and polite with personal detail. Amenities include plush bedding, larger than most HDTV, his and her slippers and robes, a scale, a vanity, which is a woman's must-have, ports for your devices, snacks and beverages, and Nobu Restaurant's 24 hour room service menu!   1 Star for location. Who builds a LOUD ASS BAR right next to a "Zen" hotel?? The Gossy Room kept us up both nights we stayed there- Even after being switched to a higher level after the first night of loud booming.   Will not stay here again. The Octavius Tower is where it's at.
3 Would've been great if I wouldn't of been lied to for 4 months when I reserved my room. I was promised for 4 months that I would have v.i.p. access to pure nightclub and when I go to check in, they inform me that pure was undergoing renovations 2 days prior and even failed to mention it when I confirmed my reservation. It was the whole point of me booking the room at Nobu, instead I got hustled. Other than that the room and hotel is ok.
1 Stayed at the Hakone Suite, room is fantastic and that's where satisfaction with this hotel stops.   I have never experienced a hotel with so many "service recovery" issues.  I must have heard the word sorry 20 times in 2 days.  It's nice to have staff sorry after a mistake, but, you can't survive in a business that cannot make it right the first time.   We arrived at 1pm and the nice front desk person said, Hakone Suite is not clean yet, I will put in a special request for priority cleaning.  We came back 2 hours later and oops, not ready yet.  The front desk guy said, it takes 3 hours to clean the Hakone Suite and we said BS.  I later talked to the maids who clean that suite and they said it takes 30 minutes.  We decided, screw the upgrade we were willing to pay for and checked into a deluxe king.  Minutes later the "hotel manager" calls me in the room and says, sorry, please stay in that room, we will transfer you to the Hakone Suite very soon.  Well, 2 hours later after 4 pm, no one had called, I called and they said, oh yes, it is ready, we will send up someone to transfer your luggage. Sorry.  Next morning we order breakfast food service.  I ordered 3 eggs and when it was delivered apparently in this hotel when you order an egg, you get 2 eggs so I got a total of six eggs.  LOL.  I called the room service back and said, maybe you should tell people that.  He muttered, sorry.   So, I sit down to eat the breakfast and the sour dough toast could have been used in the LA KING hockey games as a  hockey puck.  I called and oops, they said sorry, we had to order the toast from Caesar's kitchen and it took a long time for it to get here.  Really??  LOL.    The maids never called room service to pick up the dishes that were there when they cleaned.  Oops.  Another sorry.  The hotel manager called on check out morning and said she would call me back as she wanted to talk to me probably to give one of the many NOBU sorrys.  Well, she never did call back, but, it shows that a fish rots from the head down.  It starts at the top.  So, if you love beautiful suites, NOBU is for you but don't even think about getting good service and the transparency on the truth of a situation, because, the team at NOBU is clueless.  Sorry.
4 Loved Nobu Hotel! The room service was maybe the best I've ever had. Granted you have to like modern Japanese fusion, but if you don't... why are you staying at Nobu Hotel? For us it was perfect. Both me and my boyfriend had been to Japan multiple times. Loved the food. Really appreciated the decor and service was impeccable. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Loved that you could check out on your TV. And the TV itself was fantastic! Also the bed is worth mentioning... perfect mattress. It was so comfortable I wanted to take off the sheets and check the make to buy it. Which I obviously forgot to do... making a note to call them about that!   Only drawbacks were no view, no balcony, and you had to pay for wifi. If those elements were present it would be my go to hotel in Vegas 24/7. Also not a party location. I was looking for a quiet trip so it was fine, if you're looking to party I would stay at a hotel with a party pool or club. Still solid 4 stars from me based on the food alone. HA! Just know what type of holiday you're looking for. For a couple who wanted to just stay in and order room service? PERFECT.
4 Loved most everything about the Nobu.  The decor and furnishings are exceptional.  The place gets very high marks on most everything that really matters.  The mattress and bedding, television, bathroom fixtures, event the wool carpet are all great.  Paying for internet and $7 for in room coffee is a little hard to get past and detracts from the overall experience.  Also had no response from maintenance to replace the bathroom light even though we asked repeatedly for a replacement bulb.  Had to practically dismantle a room lamp to get a bulb for the bathroom ceiling.   Wouldn't let these relatively minor inconveniences keep us from returning.
4 Great hotel!!! i received free rooms for my stay so thought i give it a shot. The hotel is within Caesars Palace. I stayed at other rooms at Caesars prior to this trip. By far this Hotel and room is much better. It has a private entry and front desk. the staff always greeting you. Has a lounge and gym on the 2nd floor.Free tea coffee bottle water. The rooms and bathroom was very impressive. Japanese theme. The view was okay. Most room has a view of the other towers. The staff comes around with tea and cookie so heads up. also housekeeping was on point. they clean my room 2 times in a 12 hour period. overall if you want a quiet private hotel, stay at Nobu. the location is near the front  and next to table games so that was a plus. side note, the bed is super comfy!
3 Has Its Ups and Downs  One first arrival, the hotel suffers from a location within Caesars, and all the pandemonium that delivers.  I found service perfunctory and impersonal throughout the weekend -- not bad, but not as expected.  My Deluxe King Room was comfortable (particularly the bed), but it couldn't shake being a retrofit rather than new build.  Small details, like failing to replace (or better yet, hide) the fire sprinklers or a large bathroom that was primarily dead space.  Housekeeping was okay, although whoever trained the staff to reset the HVAC to 72 should be retrained -- we're in the desert, and it is hot.  No views of note, and not great sound suppression, especially from the hotel hallways.  The lounge on the second floor is more or less a joke, with extremely limited seating and even more limited offerings.  One big positive is the quality of the food offerings -- hands down the best Japanese breakfast you can get in LV.  Not staying not to stay here, but bear it mind it fails to deliver the boutiqueness I for one hoped for
