3 The staff is very friendly, but seemed to be overwhelmed. With only one other couple in there they were panicked and running around in circles. Customer service lacked because of this and took us about 20 minutes to even  get to sample the vapors.  The decor and atmosphere needs work. Kind if a dingy thrown together place. We were new to the vapor world and had many questions that never got answered because they were too busy with only two other people in there. We purchased the set of two that came with charger two atomizers and one bottle of juice. They came  with no instructions and we don't even know what model  got. Not that there is much to them, but we learned from others that they turned off. Didn't even know. May sound stupid but nice to know is all. The vapor juices are inconsistent as well. We sampled a friends that got the same exact spearmint as we did and theirs tasted great. Ours not so much. Ours was bland  and only a hint of flavor. Almost tastes like nothing. The sample in the store was much better then the product we received and varied from our friends juice as well. Glad my husband tried his in the store too cause it didn't work. They had to switch it out and give us another one.  I think this store has potential but for now it is just ok. Gave them three stars because they were friendly and the prices are comparable to other places here. I hope they make improvements soon, because the location is great for us!
4 This place has only been open a couple of months....but I am a new convert to the e-cig and they have been more than helpful.  They do seem a bit overwhelmed by all the new business they are getting, but whenever I have a problem or question, they fix/answer it with no issue.   Their flavors aren't a great as Sin city, but they are getting there.  Definitely check this place out (prices are a little better as well.
5 This is easily my fave vapor shop so far! It is so close to where I live and the shop is so incredibly adorable. The whole freaking place is purple! My fave color!! The moment I walked in I just loved the atmosphere. This place has great energy! They have all sorts of neat little products like bags to store your vaping stuff, little slings to carry your e-cig around, and tons of stands for storing tanks. It also seemed they had jewelry and other art made by local artists for sale as well. I love that! They have tons of products I have not seem at other shops and a large tasting bar. The three employees we spoke with were all very nice and knowledgeable. They said their juice is all natural and made fresh to order. I got two flavors; bumblebee and green jolly. They are both really good!! My bf and I were both really impressed with this place. We will certainly be back.
3 My boyfriend and I stopped in when we heard there was a vape shop in Henderson. We were very underwhelmed upon walking into the store. This location used to he a head shop and they didn't do much to break away from that by selling various accessories not related to vaping. There were people when we walked in so they did not greet us, we had to just hang out and wait for someone to notice us. We tried their samples and some were alright, nothing really stood out though. As far as devices go, they were out of everything we were interested in and were waiting on a shipment.  I think they rushed to open a store with the new vaping craze going on. The walls looked temporary and they only had one display case for product. The workers were very friendly once we got to talk to them, but not very knowledgeable. I wish them the best, but I will not be returning.
5 After visiting several vapor shops I found the E-juice i have been looking for.  There selections are all made to order and they will make custom orders if they have the flavor to make it.  The atmosphere is a cross between a very casual local bar with very friendly people and your friends house.
5 I stopped by here  to get two tanks for my cheap Dark Nite vape to hold me over until I get my Joyetech Evic. The girl in the front was helpful in telling me the differences between  the disposable and rebuildables.  Note, I'm very new to this and finally quit smoking traditional cigarettes for the last time.   While I was there, I went to the back and tried some flavors on their menu.  Lot's of choices and they were more than helpful. I ended up getting 24mg of Lilikoi and 24mg of Mango  They concoct the juice in house while you wait.   The flavors I tried were very smooth and full of flavor.  Better than the cheap crap I've been buying that has that terrible after taste and burned flavor and burning feeling in my throat.  If their juice tastes this good and is this smooth on my cheap Dark Nite, I can't wait to try these on my Evic.  I'll come back again to get more juice!
4 Lots of nice liquids. They mix it in the back for dang's sake! Good and fresh. Cassie helped a lot....nice girl. The root beer float and butterscotch kickass. Nice store and friendly staff. Thumbs up.
5 Spent some time with the good folks at Henderson Vapor this afternoon.  Just found their store by mistake, but glad that I stopped in to take a look.  The staff was very friendly and eager to share their knowledge with me, and helped me upgrade to a Mod system.  I have actually been vaping for about 3 years now and have bought most of my vaping supplies online, but after my visit to Henderson Vapor today, I'll be going back to them for all my vaping supplies.  Thanks to Todd and all the guys and girls at Henderson Vapor for a great experience!  No matter what your experience level is with vaping, these guys have something to fit everyone's needs.  I highly recommend them to everyone.
1 Within a week span I had to go here 3 times I wasted so much money here from their recommendations I have a k101 and wanted a tank for it instead of a carto I get it doesn't even work so I bring it back they fix it and when I took a hit hardly any smoke comes out but won't exchange it or give my money back so had to get a nimbus ask questions didn't even show me how to replace the cotton wicks plus their juices are watered down they are ripping u off people go to vapor rage way better place
5 Custom flavors and awesome staff, best Vapor Shop in Henderson, NV!
4 If the idea of having your juices premixed by someone in SoCal and shipped in on a truck is not appealing to you then Henderson Vapor is worth a look. Located on Water St. in downtown Henderson the place doesn't look like much from the outside, and truth be told it doesn't look much better on the inside. It kinda reminds me of a converted skate shop on the inside with the chalkboard painted walls, various games, and a pretty heavily tattooed group of people that like to hang around at the counter. (Don't let them scare you they're all very nice people).  Step up to the counter on the left and you'll find a sizeable collection of tanks, carts, and all sorts of hardware including starter kits. If you have questions, ask. The staff is quite knowledgeable and knows their products pretty well. If you've already taken care of the hardware side check out the vapor bar where you can sample a pretty sizeable collection of juices.   The one thing that I like about HV is that they mix everything on site. That being said that mixing does take place in the backroom out of sight so you have to have faith in them...but the same can be said for any vape shop you visit. If you want a custom nic level, or want something extra sweet or modified they do it and don't give you a hard time about it.  Pricing...it's like anywhere else. If you're willing to shop on line and wait for the UPS truck yeah you can find hardware cheaper elsewhere. But if you want it now or again like the idea of customizing your juice...Henderson Vapor is worth checking out.
