4 I visited Baobab to preview one of a few venues for an event I'm hosting. I have to say, it is beautiful! It's one of the nicest looking venues that I have seen so far. I am setting up a meeting to have a proper tour of the place - a show was about to begin when I got there so they couldn't do it then.   The staff wasn't overly friendly but they did their job.  I will be sure to update my review after our event, if we lock this location down.
5 "Welcome to Boutique Za Za - where prostitution is the solution!" "My child, life is prostitution." "But - what about love? What about virtue?"  These three lines from Red Dress stuck with me after I left the show at the Baobap Stage. An incredibly moving and intense story performed by a cast composed of dancers from various Cirque shows, I was curiously drawn to the story until the very end.   This is definitely a great Sunday afternoon activity and I'm glad I made time to go see it.
4 The Baobab Theater is a venue located across from the Yardhouse in Town Square.  It's a smaller venue that allows for good seating throughout, and makes for a much more intimate experience as compared to a Cirque du Soleil production's theater.  The entrance houses the box office, bar, and a storefront with women's clothing.  Drinks can be purchased and brought into the show with you; the theater has, well, theater type seating with cupholders for your beverages.  I've only seen one show here (Red Dress), but I can see myself coming back here due to its convenient location (no going through a casino) and affordable tickets.
3 Town Square now has just about everything you need to spend the whole day here including a cute little theater.  My first show here was Red Dress.  Which had a great performance although very dark story line.   The theater is small like one would find in a small town next to some boutiques and vintage shops. The seating is definitely old school theater seating and a little uncomfortable but for sure adds charm to this place.    I would definitely love to come back and enjoy any future shows/events taking place in this cute little theater.
4 I have been to this theatre for a number of years through the various names it's had.  The owner, Wassa Coulibaly, has a store in the front of the theatre where she sells the clothes she designs under her label Wassa Wear.  Coulibaly is a dancer with "Zumanity" the Cirque du Soleil show at New York New York.  The theatre seating is divided into three sections.  There are floor seats, theatre style seats, that are in front of the stage.  Behind these are raised seats that go up levels for good viewing.  There's a third seating area on the north side of the theatre like the rear seating.  There are a couple of shows running there on a regular basis.  One is Red Dress and the other is Tribal Night which is held the last Thursday of the month.  There are shows on other dates and it's good top check the website to see what may be playing.  There is a regularly scheduled Reggae night, too.  The theatre is perfect for the kind of shows done there.  If you're interested, there's a bar in the lobby that sells soda and alcoholic drinks.    As mentioned by other reviewers, the entrance to the theatre is directly opposite the Yard House.    I was here last night to see Tribal Night 6 and I highly recommend the show!
4 This is the small little theater in Town Square, across from Yard House's entrance. We came here to watch a show called Red Dress.   The theater itself is small and intimate, and reminded me of my elementary school's auditorium. The front stage is raised and behind it is pipe and drape to block the backstage area. The seating area looks like it would fit 100 people or so. The seats are definitely refurbished from an older theater because you can feel the lumpy and springy seats. It was comfortable enough for the almost 2-hour show.   The show itself was entertaining and interesting. I don't want to give too much away but it is a story about a woman's life, trials and tribulations. The gentleman that introduced the show told us that some parts of the play could be true or not, and we could be the judge of that. It seems like it could be a series of true events from several different people, but I wouldn't be surprised if all of these things happened to one person. If it did, it is certainly a hard life to live.    I am usually a rainbows and butterflies type of person and do not like negativity in my life, so I  do not actively seek to watch dark shows, but this was the type of show that reminds you of what still happens in our world today. Some themes are: control, gender roles, oppression.  In addition, the show is filled with African /tribal dance which kept the show lively. I think the weirdest thing is that the show ended in an abrupt dance finale, I think because it feels better to end on a happy note than just the ending the story.
