5 I had been a CrossFitter for about 7 months before Copperhead opened. I had been looking around and trying other boxes in my area looking to make some gains in my weightlifting and strength. I stumbled upon Copperhead on the Affiliate map, saw the website and a few pictures and thought the box looked gorgeous. I luckily happened to stumble in on opening day and I am so glad I did.   I've been a member here ever since and hate missing days.   Coaching: Mitch and Adam are incredible. They teach technique and form over time any day. They don't care how many reps you get done if you look like a CrossFitter instead of a legitimate Weightlifter.   I got my first Muscle Up and 200# Clean thanks to these two which were both HUGE goals of mine.   Facility: Absolutely Incredible. Not only is box huge, clean and has great equipment, we share space with a Ju Jitsu studio, affording us occasional time on the 'matt' for handstand practice and back flips.   Furthermore, the owner just broke ground DOUBLING the CrossFit size and really showing that he really supports this community.   Family: This CrossFit box is different. We are a family. Lake day trips, supporting our Coaches in Weightlifting competitions. We are truly knit together by the sweat and blood that we leave on the floor together. We help each other, encourage those next to us to beat us in a WOD and clap the loudest for the last to finish. There are no egos, no 'bros' checking girls out, etc... Everyone comes to put in work and feel great doing it. Bottom line, this is my favorite place to be in all of Phoenix!
5 The vibe at this gym is awesome. The owner, coaches and members are all down to earth and super friendly. Whether its your first day or you've been there since it opened, its startlingly obvious that there is a genuine interest in creating a great gym for everyone. Technique is valued over reps or time, they just prefer doing things right. No matter what your skill level this gym will feel like home to you within your first week. They love Crossfit and it shows!!!
5 Copperhead is legit. You'll find an assortment of skill levels among the members and they are super focused on welcoming new people in.  Coaches all have a different "flavor," so you really learn something new each time. As someone who wants to know every minute detail of every movement, I always get great feedback from all of them.   It's fun to workout with people who get stoked bout seeing someone hit an overhead squat with perfect form and not the amount of weight they had on the bar. We like weight, but we like function even more!  Super fun box in a great community.
5 Great place great people.   I have been to a few crossfits and you always seem to run into that super douche bag guy or guys that just want to apart of the next new thing and show off how cool they are, well if you looking for that type of gym this is not that place. All of the people here seemed super cool and are great motivators.  All down to earth and are willing to help and work with anyone.   If you want to check out a great crossfit this is the place.
5 The best gym, the best Crossfit gym I have been too. The staff, equipment, the price are all the best I have seen. Their warm ups are geared to the muscle group you will be using that day. I think that really shows a professional staff that cares. I personally don't have kids, but, I always see them doing Ju Jitsu next door or coloring quietly while their parents workout. Plus, if you are a competitor they are geared toward that level of training when you are ready. If you could can do it, YOU SHOULD!
5 I don't have enough things to say about Copperhead Crossfit. What an amazing group of positive and motivating people. My husband has been going to this gym for about 4 months now and is addicted. He comes home every day talking about his workouts and his progress. As a beginner at this gym I really "felt the love". Everyone was so uplifting and no one is giving you the "body scan". I'm more of a yogi than a crossfitter so these workout were definitely a challenge but the environment really makes you want to keep coming back and see that progress.   The prices at this gym are more reasonable than most in the area. They have multiple class times and classes for the beginner and advanced crossfitter. The gym is easily accessible from the highway and has ideal private parking lot. I would highly recommend this crossfit gym.
