1 WHAT A JOKE! Went there tonight and will be freekn amazed if it lasts past 6 months. If it does the people in Surprise are idiots have no idea of what bar food should be. went for happy hour on Friday and it should be classified as "Unhappy hour and waste of money. My wife and I ordered skins. Small and PUNY! An order of the WORST Chicken boneless wings ever .. They got em from SAMs Club and lathered them in oil. Ordered the Garlic Parmasean what Evers. CHICKEN WINGS HOW ABOUT ROUND CHICKEN NUGGETS! 8  grease balls for $5.99 and this was the happy our price. 1 carrot and a sliver of celery. Forget the laxative and order these greasy cylinders called boneless wings. This was as you can tell a sham of a bar/restaurant. It is a shame since I live within walking distance from my house.Wake up or this place will have a wake!
5 Love this place thus far...Close to my house, great service, great bar food, and a great place to chill-ax with friends.   Loved the Pizza, wash it down with your favorite beer, since they have a large selection you should find something you like.  The wings were good also, but a couple beers do make things taste better....I will have to revisit during lunch to get a real take on the food.   We shared bone in wings and 2 pizzas with a group of 6.  We all enjoyed the food and drinks.   Busy environment, but perfect for a Friday, Saturday night meet in Surprise.   Finally a great, busy bar in Surprise that I want to go to.  Just gotta watch my calories and stick to light beers.. :) Seriously love the selection of beers and bar food, going to have to watch my self here, could put in some crazy calories in one night.  You should try it, Surprise is taking well to it.
5 We came out of here happy again.  Karaoke was playing, plenty of TVs for entertainment and most importantly a filled bar and restaurant.   The pizza is great, thin crust, stringy cheese, and a nice crispness to the ham on top of out pizza.  It was a extra large for a discounted price of 9.99.  Enough for 4 adults and we still took about half home.   The 2 for 1 burger deal was going on so 2 burgers for 8.99 is a steal.  A BBQ burger comes on a nice toasted bun.  Just toasted enough to hold the meat, cheese, onion rings, bacon, and BBQ sauce all together.  It is a big burger and the toasted bun makes it stay together with 1 hand.  I do ask you request more BBQ, since mine was barely coated with sauce.  The fries were fresh, right amount of salt, and plenty of cat-sup to enjoy the steak cut fries.   Karaoke is not my thing, but it is great to watch people sing.  Great entertainment and      even some employees get involved to keep it going.   Go check it out for yourself, I am sure the other places near by are losing business.
1 This review is for a mid-afternoon visit on 2/27/13...  Disappointing.  This pretty much sums up our experience.  It was our first time at Tailgaters and short of something monumental happening, it will be our last.  The decor is ok, it screams pizza joint turned sports bar.  This works out and will be great come summer when trying to find a cool, dark place to get out of the heat.  The restroom was clean and interestingly, the only place where I learned of the daily specials (they were posted on the wall by the sinks) after we ordered (the waitress never said a word about them and we didn't see them anywhere in the actual bar/restaurant area).  It's all a downhill review from here so if you are looking for reasons to go, stop reading now!  We entered the place to find two people standing at the front desk and a sign reading "please seat yourself."  While the two holding the desk up appeared to acknowledge our presence, we were not greeted.  We selected a table away from the crowd in the bar because all the high tops appeared to be for larger groups and we were there to have a late lunch not get sh*t-faced on happy hour specials...  The first person to approach us might have been a manager and seemed concerned about how long we had been sitting without attention.  The main man asked about the on-tap selection as he thought a beer would taste good on the lovely spring day (remember we were primarily there for lunch not booze).  This guy didn't know the beer selection at all and went to the bar to bring us a list conjured up in some word processing program (not a formal menu).  He dumps this paper on us then disappears.  A few seconds later a different guy, clearly staff, appears and asks if we are ready to order.  We ask for menus and water and he disappears.  Within seconds we get a waitress who asks if she can get our drink order.  The main man orders a Kiltlifter and she zooms away from the table; I have to holler at her that I'd like whatever diet soda they have... This is the first time she seems to even notice I'm there.  My husband is a very handsome man but he isn't Brad Pitt!  She brings the drinks, in two separate trips, and we have to stop her from zipping off again to order.  She seems pretty put out by the fact that we want food off the menu and not just stuff from the Happy Hour app menu.  We get the HH quesadilla, the turkey bacon melt, and the bacon cheeseburger (ordering the cheeseburger should have been a moment where she could have offered the two-for-one burger special but she didn't).  The quesadilla arrives, it looks nice, the tortilla is perfectly grilled, but it's just plain cheese inside.  No seasoning, nothing special.  It is exactly as it reads in the menu and exactly what my 7 year old niece would make if I asked her for a cheese quesadilla.    Our waitress cruises the table and inquires about the quesadilla.  When the man says "it's ok" she responds by asking if he wants another beer (he's not even halfway through the original 16 oz).  When he says no, she zips away agin (I'm out of water and could use a soda refill but she apparently can't be bothered with such trivial matters).  The food arrives and our immediate reaction is WTF????  The turkey bacon melt is made with bacon bits and chopped turkey that falls right out of it the minute he picks it up.  It tastes ok but again, my niece could pull this off...  The burger is damn near slider sized and literally hiding in a bun twice the size of the meat patty.  It had two actual slices of bacon and tasted decent but again no seasoning and it was within my the abilities of my niece.  The fries weren't worth eating, pretty sure they came from a bag in the freezer.  As we are eating, the waitress speeds past and asks how things are and again, the man says "it's ok" and she responds with "want another beer?"  When he says no, she's gone again (still no refills of water or soda).  We finish and pile our dishes and the waitress comes and removes them only now asking if I'd like any refills.  When I respond no, she takes all but one plate and disappears.  And we wait.... And wait...  Has anything about our visit indicated we want to spend one more minute in this place?  Our beverages are gone and we have declined more, the food that was edible is gone and we haven't ordered more, by my count, this is when the bill usually arrives.  Nope, we have to wave her down and ask for the bill and she seems genuinely surprised that we want out... She never smiled, she never greeted us, she never refilled beverages (only asking when the man clearly hadn't had enough alcohol for the food to be better than ok and after the meal was over), she never gave us a reason to stay.    Not one thing about our visit gives us a reason to go back.  Save yourself the frustration of lackluster service by personnel that look more like biker-bar parolees than professional servers and marginal food.  Go elsewhere, anywhere, but not there.
5 Friday night, sat in the patio area, food was great.  Pleasantly surprised by the brats and sauerkraut.  Pitchers are reasonable, and the other three in my party enjoyed their food.  Will come back for sure!
4 I have been to Tailgaters a few different times now and I foresee it becoming one of my regular spots. Their service is a little slow, the servers are friendly and polite.    They seem to have a special written on the white board in front of the hostess table every day.  I went on a Wed once and it was buy one burger get one free.  The burger was pretty good too!  They also had a pizza special that night. Pizza is my favorite entree on their menu. I normally don't eat the crust, but in this case, I couldn't let it go to waste.
2 2 stars only cuz the food was good. I am a bartender and thought this place had potential. My biggest pet peeve.... not being greeted when we walk in... can I at least get a hello?? Bartender acted like she hated we were here. Find a new job cuz this one isn't working for you. Like I said though. Pot skins and spinach dip were good.
1 My husband an I tried it a couple times, thinking the service sucked because they were busy and new but no that doesn't seem to be the case . Service sucks! Even when you sit at the bar in FRONT of the bartenders that hate their jobs you still get overlooked...we practically had to go behind the bar and get our own drink...I don't think anyone working there understands what customer service is! Especially when your working for tips.....don't waste your time or money ..we won't ever again!!!!!
5 Great food, excellent service.. I have been going to the brand Tailgaters for years and have never been disappointed, this company aims to please..
1 Wish I could say better but we have tried 3 or 4 times since the opened every time the same slow service I'm not sure the have a heat lamp in back cause the food comes out in the order it was cooked so my pizza would come out then 10 minutes later my wife cheeseburger in the mean time you sit there with the waitress passing you by and your drinks are empty. We gave it multiple try's figuring there were some things the needed to work out from being new but food not coming out at the same time for only 2 people? Not sure if there understaffed or poorly managed? Last night we went again and same thing slow service no drinks when you ordered one it took 10 minuets to get it. We ordered cheese garlic bread I had chicken wings. It took fore ever for the appetizer it finally showed up then a minute later the wings I thought they called it a appetizer for a reason? Then 5 min later my wife beef sandwich that literally had two slices of beef? My chicken wings were ok and I got a hole 4 inch piece of celery and the same with the carrot. I think they have potential but need to fix some things fast. The only positive thing I can say is that the atmosphere was good. I hope the fix this and we will try again as managing a business of my own I don't won't to see anyone fail. Good Luck
1 Also watch some of the better reviews on here they are paid to do that if you look at there reviews they eat at many places the same day. Even different states?
1 Was served dirty mushrooms and gotta hair in my fries! Disgusting! Will stick to drinking here unless they keep having crappy bands come play on the weekends.
4 Have visited twice now and no complaints either visit. Dinner one evening with my teenage son for pizza and once for lunch with a friend.  The dinner visit happened to have a great 1 topping pizza deal where we both got out of there with drinks for like $11 (what a deal!)  The waitress was extremely attentive that evening to this "Mom & Son" and needless to say, she got a wonderful tip.  For a "sports bar" Tailgaters seems to have a massive menu and there are a lot of items that look very yummy--will be back soon to give even more stuff a try.  Unlike a typical "sports bar", the layout seems to allow a lot more ambiance than all of the others in close proximity--you can sit & enjoy your meal without the surrounding volume of people being too loud and obnoxious--even during "key" sports TV action times :)  I, unfortunately, can relate to a few other complaints about "hostess service" at the front door....it does seem to be lacking (which is not good for a new business with new clientele entering not knowing where to go & what to do on their 1st visit). Would suggest this improves a bit.  Wishing Tailgaters the best in Surprise!! We are glad you are here :)
4 The pizza may be cheesy but this place isnt! Bootys watch out! Tvs and fun everywhere! Delilah is awesome and remembered my bleu cheese! A+ for sure!
3 I have been going every Sunday with a friend for over 3 months and the food is fine the atmosphere is fine buy the manager  Rick needs to be fired and not work with any other humans or deal with customer service maybe a job in the wilderness suits him best.
2 The food was good and so was that atmosphere, but I could have done without all the waitresses boobs in my face.  They need to cover up a bit more since it is a family establishment.
1 Go someplace else! This place was super slow, we never got refills, they move at a snails pace and they weren't even busy! I got a dried up hamburger on a crunchy bun that swallowed the meat. There was no flavor or any condiments! The fries were super greasy and tasted frozen. We also got the club sandwich which looked better, but it also lacked flavor. We had to ask for ranch 3 times for our appetizer before someone brought it to us. The first waitress looked at us like she was annoyed when we asked for some. She said, "ya" and walked back to the bar area and started chatting. We asked our waitress twice before she finally brought it after our entrees had arrived. The entire time we were there the manager kept apologizing to the table behind us about the cooks. He said their pasta was going to come out late because they never prepped it. He originally told them 20 minutes and he came back later and said it would take even longer. I think this place would only be good if you were drunk or thought Peter Pipers Pizza was gourmet!
1 Tried this place for the first time today.  The food was disgusting. I started with the smallest, greasiest potato skins I've ever had. And for some reason it took at least 20 minutes to get them. Then it took another 20 minutes and asking two different waitresses three different times for a side of ranch (with only 4 or 5 tables of people in the whole place). I only got the ranch when my "meal" came out and the skins were by then cold. The burger was a dried up little piece of meat on a bun twice its size with no mustard/mayor or any condiment whatsoever. The club sandwich was so greasy I needed a napkin to pick it up. It had only one shaved piece of turkey and one shaved piece of ham on it with four pieces of bread. All you could taste was grease and bread. I may have been able to tolerate the horrible food if the service had been tolerable. The waitress (and the other ones waiting tables on the other side) where moving at the pace of a herd of turtles. Our waitress was anything but friendly. When we said this is our first time here, She said "okay" and walked away without offering recommendations. My drink sat empty for at least 30 minutes before she came around and then actually asked if I needed a refill and acted surprised that I said yes.  All we wanted was the heck out, but of course getting the check took forever as well. She came to the two tables behind us several times but never even looked our way most of the time we were there. We over heard the manager apologizing to the table behind us for the bad food and wait times, but never even looked our way either. I'll be watching this place to appear of an episode of Kitchen Nightmares w/Gordon Ramsey! This place doesn't even deserve one star.
2 A bunch of us went for happy hour. Got a bbq burger, pizza, boneless wings, cheese sticks, long islands and margharitas. Drinks were poor at best, wings were ok, sticks were good, burger was ok but the onion rings on the burger were horrible. The service was fine. Not somewhere I would frequent.
1 Food is not good. Wings were dry and they serve them in a pool of fatty sauce. The beer selection is alright, but it wasn't very cold. Ordered chicken nachos, they put beef based chili on them and it didn't appear to state that on the menu. There are better choices but all in all the place is a big disappointment. I don't think you should have to ask if they are going to put beef, on chicken nachos and when I questioned the waitress she said that all nachos have chili on them, like I was from Mars. We will not go back.
2 Second time I have been, we arrived for a late lunch on 7/13/13.  Place was pretty empty, but the bar area was very loud.  There is no physical separation from the bar and the dining area, so it will alawys be noisey.  The decor is VERY dark.  It is not a bright place, and you feel more like you are in a dingy pub.  By the time we ordered drinks, 2 other waitresses had come by asking if we had been served yet.    While this restaurant appears to be suffering from really bad service, I saw the worst example of service ever.  A waitress was hitting on a guy, and would sit in his booth for 5 to 10 minutes at a time.  The manager? finally came over to let her know that her other customers were asking for her.  Which is how I felt about our waiter.  Inattentative, and unconcerned.  There were almost as much staff as customers, but they couldn't check up on us.  I ended up going to the wait station to get napkins and flagged down miscellaneous staff to get us refills.
4 The pizza is great and the beer is cheap!  This is not a place I would go on a date or business meal but for drinking and eating with friends I like.  Their pizza is flavorful and people seems to be happy with their meals.  Some of the items can be hit or miss but the prices are fair.
5 I like this place alot.. Me and my boyfriend go alot to watch football games on sundays. Great tv set ups. Food isnt bad. Service is good. Nice place near my house. Only thing is booths are not that comfortable and i have a bad back.
4 For a weeknight the place was packed. Ordered the wings/pizza deal for $19. Service was very good for as busy as they were did not have to wait for drinks or food.   Pizza was very good better than most, the wings were good but I have had better but it's on the radar if we are hungry and near here.
3 Stopped in Wed. afternoon with the kids (11 & 12) for a bite after doing some errands. It's loud here, but that's the kind of place it is. The day's special, X-L pizza w/ 1 topping was $10. It was about a 16 inch and pretty good. We left full and took half home. We will definitely come back to try more off the menu. Lots of daily specials and happy hour/bar hour discounts. Worth the first try, and a second.
4 Been here a few times, and actually thought I written a review before? Really thought they were crazy when they opened up right next to Booty's. They offer a wider menu then Booty's, and is a lot less noisier! Me and some fam were here a couple of times this past weekend. Their food was great, and service was just as good. i had their BBQ burger, only issue I had was there was no BBQ sauce on the burger? But the burger was still good, the next day we all shared a large garlic, tomato, and pepperoni pizza. This was very good as well. I will still continue to go next door for their wings. But tailgaters is a great place to eat.
2 Wow....was looking forward to a night out with the wife.  We wanted to try Tailgaters as the reviews were all very good.  However very disappointed.  We sat at the bar received our drinks quickly.  We wanted to order food at the bar but was ignored for 20 minutes.   Even tried to call out to the bartenders and it didn't help.  They were only interested in their "regulars".  Maybe we will try again someday.....
2 Brought my boys in for lunch today. It has been a while since i've seen such excruciatingly slow service...to the point where we almost left several times during the course of our visit. I wanted to give this place a fair shake though so I sat it out. I'm not sure how this place is for dinner but lunch is not the time to give this place a visit.   The food was just meh. My older son had an 8in pizza that was alright. I had a buffalo chicken salad that was meh. My youngest had the cheeseburger sliders that were actually a good size and seemed pretty good. But boy was the service s....l....o.....w. Drinks took a while to get refilled. Food took forever to come out. It was like watching paint dry.   I might go back for an evening with friends just to see what it's like in the evening but I can tell you that I WILL NOT go back at lunch time.
5 Amazing food!!! It's far more than the pizza and wings!! The top sirloin is their specialty
4 Good Service! Good prices! Good specials! Good food!  Went on a busy Saturday night.. Will for sure be back with friends and kids
5 The food and drinks were amazing, nice clean bar and excellent service, our server Brittany was totally awesome!!!
5 Great food, great service.  My family loves going to tailgaters to get great pizza and watch a variety of sports of one of their many tvs
