5 Prestige is a private concierge lounge located on the 23rd floor of The Palazzo.  It has it's own separate check in area (open from 7 am - 9 pm) and a lounge where they serve breakfast, afternoon snacks, evening hors d'oeuvres and have an open bar from 5-8 pm.  The lounge has a wonderful view with huge windows that span the length of the lounge looking out towards the strip and TI and MIrage. It's decorated in a classy and comfortable manner and there's even a baby grand piano that plays itself situated in the middle of the main lounge area.  The suites you stay in are the same as the regular Palazzo suites, so that means they're still spacious (about 720 sq ft) and beautifully decorated.  You basically pay for the extra amenities and to use the lounge. So, you can pay for the Prestige suite ahead of time or if  you have a Palazzo or Venetian reservation already, you can upgrade to Prestige for an extra $100+tax per night for 2 people.  Although I'm a local, I've actually staycationed here a couple times and recommend staying here to friends coming into town who have the finances to do so.  As far as the staff, the Prestige Agents are really helpful and personable.  They really take their time checking you in and talking to you.  They are actually all concierge agents and can help you book shows, tours, dinner reservation either at the Venetian and Palazzo or somewhere else.  And because it's a private lounge, they usually remember your name and make you feel like you're not just another guest staying at another strip hotel.  If you're a tourist and don't really have your Vegas trip planned, this is a great way to find options and get personalized recommendations.  The food is pretty good too.  The breakfast presentation isn't too extraordinary, but some of the hors d'oeuvres in the evening are really good.  On the weekends, the have casino restaurants (like Valentino) cater part of the dinner presentation.  It's a great way to try some higher end restaurant food without having to pay extra!  Honestly though, what I really like is the open bar.  If you come here with a group of friends, bachelor party, bachelorette party, date, family, or whomever, the open bar serves you from 5 pm - 8 pm and it's a full bar.   It's really a great experience with really friendly staff (the servers in the lounge are really attentive and friendly and clear your plates and grab drinks in a really timely manner).  Depending on how often you actually utilize the lounge (and I definitely do for the drinks!), the upgrade charge pays for itself.  If you're a tourist looking for a more romantic or special Vegas trip, or if you're a local looking for a romantic weekend or special staycation, I would definitely recommend looking into Prestige and consider booking it!
2 Prestige is the concierge level at the Palazzo. The room are the same as the rooms at the Palazzo but you pay $100+ more to get this level of service. The other reviewer has given a good summary of what you get for your money. That is: access to the lounge with the food and drinks, short check in and check out on the 23 floor, free newspapers, concierge services at the desk on the 23rd floor. We wanted luxury, pampering, shopping and shows.  the good:  It is the Palazzo, go online and check out the rooms if you have not stayed there the SUITES ARE EXCEPTIONAL. Continental Breakfast, snacks (candy and fruit), appetizers in the evening and free drinks including alcohol.  Responsive to requests- when I checked in they had a stack of newspapers at the desk I asked if they had a Wall Street Journal the clerk gave me one and said they would make sure I got one every day, and it was faithfully delivered to my suite every day. I also got a shower chair.  the bad: The standards in Las Vegas are low compared to other cities, the Prestige at the Palazzo is no exception. We did not have any glasses in our suite when we got there, and some of the drawers did not work in the dresser, and the nightstand clock was not functioning, at $350+ a night I expect everything to be correct.  The lights are complicated, my daughter slept with the lights on in her suite, because she could not figure out how to turn them off. Zombie Connecting Room charges, they will not stay dead- we had two suites and when we booked the agent said she would drop the "connection charge" if I booked with her right away. They were back at check in and removed AGAIN, at check out because we complained about the noise they offered to remove them... AGAIN, because they had only been removed from one room. WiFi is included and worked well in the mornings but not in the afternoons.  THE UGLY:  The Palazzo had a private party going on while we were there the music was so loud on the pool deck that our suites, ON THE 25 FLOOR, were throbbing with the bass of the music. So much so that the TVs in our suites were shaking noticeably, not only could we HEAR the music but we FELT it in our bones. (I have no doubt the participants have hearing damage) I called the desk about 11:40 PM and asked when the music would be ending and I was told that guests all over the hotel were complaining and the music was supposed to have ended at 11 pm and security was already on their way to shut it down. The volume went down some time after midnight.  The response: I enquired about the noise policy when we checked out, "When could I expect to have quiet enjoyment of my rooms?" - 2am. The clerk was very understanding and removed the remaining connection charges and some room service charges. Nice, but really did not address our lack of sleep due to the noise. She did recommend that if we came back we try the EAST Wing as that overlooks a golf course and the Wynn and there would likely not be a noise problem there. We were told that the manager was not in yet but she would give us a call, she did and she removed ONE room night from ONE of our suites and told us if we came back to call her and she would take care of us personally. I have no doubt that she would, and throw in some extras, but I am not anxious to return, we have so little time off, it seems imprudent to risk it.  If you want to party this is a great place to go for all the reasons mentioned, if you want luxury, and pampering- I suggest you look elsewhere. My friend who first recommended the Palazzo to me, now stays at the Wynn. I may try that or I may just stay-cation at a nice place in San Francisco.
5 For a mere $100 per day, something I generally lose at the Blackjack table in 10 minutes, you can gain access to The Prestige Concierge Level located on the 23rd floor of The Palazzo Hotel. Prestige is the only thing like it on the whole Vegas Strip, and becomes your new home, your one stop shop. You have your own luxury reception desk for a champagne check-in and check out. These same individuals are your full service concierge for any bookings or requests whatsoever. You also of course gain access to The Prestige Concierge Lounge complete with complimentary breakfast, snacks and drinks all day, and appetizers and open bar every night!!! A great bonus is the beautiful view of the strip located right outside the windows. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I would highly suggest this service to any of my friends and family.
2 Save your money -- the extra $100/night is NOT worth it.  The lounge is nice, but really, who wants to be in the lounge when you have all of Vegas to explore!   Also, the concierge service is just average -- but they don't hire foodies here -- just people who know other concierges in other hotels and restaurants.   We had to keep asking them for better recommendations because, in our opinion, the places they sent were just meh.  My experience here isn't a positive one -- the recommendations from them were just horrible.  However, their savings grace is that they DID get us in to a very exclusive and difficult place to eat -  this alone saves them from a 1 star review.  My advice is that if you don't need a place to eat a mediocre breakfast, or need wifi, and can deal without a newspaper, then don't bother upgrading.   Other than that, use Yelp --- you're in Vegas for the food, the gambling and the shows.    FYI, this review is ONLY for the Prestige upgrade -- all of the rooms at the Prestige are all suites.
2 I am torn between a 2 and 3...   I stayed at Palazzo for my bachelorette and my although my friends wanted to stay at another hotel I was told the Prestige lounge made the stay exceptional. And for the most part it was great. The service is great. The drinks and food served are spot on.  But the management needs serious customer service.   They incorrectly charged me for an additional guest... I thought not a big deal, its day 1 of my weekend trip, Ill talk to the manger and they can confirm the guest count and reverse the charge... boy was I wrong. First I spoke with Thomas L nothing, then Peter C... nothing.. finally spoke to another manager and he finally agreed to reverse the incorrect charge. WOW! I mean, Im ordering room service having great dinners and have brought a party with me to your hotel and you are giving me a hard time over $100?!   If you go you'll have a great service and drinks but be warned check your statements and be ready to talk to many managers before anything is corrected.
3 The prestige is the VIP version of treatment here at the Palazzo. It costs about $100 extra per day ($50 per person) but they don't charge the resort fee so it's more like $80 a day. What do you get?  You get a special group of concierges and access to a VIP lounge. To be honest, I'm not really impressed by Prestige. It kind of reminds me of the special programs Marriott has for it's Platinum guests in regular Marriott hotels (free drinks - luke warm hors d'overs).  The lounge itself is very nice and the staff working the lounge (bartenders etc.) are great, however it's just not enough for the extra $100 / day. Being from Vegas and knowing what VIP should be....  These guys just fall short of the mark.   I could go into details but I'd sound rather spoiled.  Let's just say there are other organizations that do VIP to perfection, and they put the Prestige service here to shame. I'd rather stay at the MGM Sky Loft and I'll be moving there tomorrow.
5 Absolutely amazing service and worth the upgrade for an extra charge! Champagne is served daily and the concierge is extremely helpful and experienced. I highly recommend using Prestige.
2 http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Palazzo-Resort-Hotel-%2526amp;-http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Palazzo-Resort-Hotel-%2526amp;-http://www.bedbugregistry.com/hotel/NV/Las-Vegas/Palazzo-Resort-Hotel-%2526amp;-Casino# Nasty hotel is infested don't chance it Bartender and servers r rude!!!!!
