5 Under new ownership! Great service and prices!
5 Great service. . Here visiting,  I will return!!! They were very polite. . They explained to everyone that came in how long it would be. .. and they were exact in time.    Washed their hands between each client..important detail. . Medical side of me... Most of all very kind while doing a child's nails... Thank you
5 The best nail salon in town! I've been to many nail salons and this place is very personable and has great service! Connie, the owner, always takes such good care of my mom and I.
5 The best nail salon in Las Vegas! The prices are great, the service is fantastic, and the work is amazing. The owner is very personable and friendly, and always does her best work. Even if there are people waiting, I never have felt like my manicure or pedicure was being rushed. This is the only place I would go to get a gel manicure!
5 Great attention to detail and a great manicure! Staff if super friendly and nice. Got a gel manicure that was awesome for $30, would definitely recommend for a good finished product!
2 I tried this spot for a pedicure and a full set of pink and white acrylics last weekend.  The pedicure got the two stars.  The full set was lackluster.  I kept hoping I was overreacting to the look of the nail but I've had these on for three days now and I'm completely underwhelmed.  Although the salon itself was nice, the quality of the acrylics are just not up to par.  I got a pink and white set because they generally look more natural, but not in this case.  The white is way to wide, and I specified that I did not want that.  The pink is almost a hot pink color acrylic, which I also specified I did not want.  I know I am overly fussy with my nails but I feel like if I'm paying for it, I should get what I want.  In addition, I like my nails thin and these are varying in thickness.  They are also already lifting up from the base.  I would probably go back for a pedicure but not again for a fill or full set.  My roommate got a gel mani and she was happy with it, but I doubt I will try them again.
5 I first went to this nail salon in April 2013. No need to look for any other. I have taken many friends in with me and each one has been very pleased. I highly recommend this place. All the technicians are very friendly. The pedicures are awesome and relaxing.  Connie goes out of her way to make sure each customer gets the service they want. The color selections of gel are huge! Gorgeous selections!!!
4 This is a pretty good strip mall nail spot. It's kinda hidden off to the side of the Target shopping center. It's open later most days than other area nail salons. And they appear to be less crowded too. The staff are all very nice. The tech I had did a great job on my gel manicure. The pedicure itself was great, but the polish job was just so-so. What I particularly liked here was the no rush state of mind. My pampering here lasted way longer than it has at some upscale spas around town. Overall, I'll be back.
5 Best nail salon I've found in a long time. Very detailed and gels last forever. Best pedicures. New chairs and great staff!
