5 I went to the new Performance Bicycle in Mesa. I had the best experience. The sales rep. B. Davidson was phenomenal, he was very knowledgable and took the extra time to help me make the best choice - not the highest dollar choice but the best performance product for the best price.  This service level demonstrates they care about their customer not just their bottom line. This type of service creates customer loyalty - I'll be shopping here for all my bike gear from now on!
5 I went in for a fit test last night. Brandon was on his way out as his shift was over and he didn't hesitate to stay behind and take care of me. Not only did he do a great fitting, he made great suggestions on seats, educated me about my bike and what to pay attention to while riding to get a better work out. Every time I go in this store all of  the associates are approachable and eager to help me find what I need or answer questions. I'm a very curious guy and always have lots of questions. The staff is patient and great to work with. I refuse to shop anywhere else because of the great service that I get from this location. I never feel like they are trying to push a product to me that isn't right for me.  Recently my dad asked me to pick up a bike for him from another dealer. I quickly referred him to the Mesa Performance shop and explained that the service is top tier and that he would be getting the best deal on a bike with the best guarantees.  Even after getting his bike I haven't been able to find a better deal. (not a surprise) I cannot say enough good things about this staff. Kirby always does great tune ups and takes the time to return my bike clean and polished even after a simple 5 minute job. My membership card isn't just a card to get discounts. They truly make me feel like I belong to a club. Usually you have to pay more for great service. How cool that I get great service for the best price! Someone needs to recognize this team for always having positive attitudes and making their customers feel good. They really are first class. THANK YOU!!!
5 The variety of products, price, and customer service earned my confidence and loyalty.  I have visited this store on Southern and Power in Mesa so many times that my wife jokingly refers to it as my second home.    I met the store manager, Brandon, at the grand opening and rode a group ride with him shortly after.  He is very knowledgeable about bicycling products and technique, friendly and professional as the store manager, and a positive influence/advocate for the bicycling community in Arizona.    My bicycle was recently stolen from my garage.  After calling around the valley for a similar model resulted in negative results; I went to the store late in the afternoon, expressed my distress, my preferred bicycle characteristics, and my desire to get back on the saddle right away.  Brandon suggested a couple models but his store didn't have my size.  It was near closing time but instead of offering to order it and make me wait, as other shops had done, he drove across town to pick up the bike at another store and offered to fit me the next morning.  As promised, he fitted me the next morning and I was riding that evening.  The bike fits like a glove and I've never been more comfortable in the saddle. No regrets!  This store and staff consistently go the extra mile to meet customer needs and my personal experience earned this store 5 stars and confident referrals.
5 Great customer service. Took my wife bikes to get a new set of tires and they installed them on the spot. Also good prices on lots of gear. Only wish they carried some other brands.
5 I have a great experience with have my two road bikes maintained by this shop.   Very satisfied with all the great service.
