3 This is my second Cirque experience (Zumanity was my first), and while as others wrote, it didn't seem as polished as I expected, it was wonderfully entertaining none the less.  The big Baby was back, as was the trapeze act which had been removed at some point from what I understand.  Honestly, the trapeze could have stayed gone...it was clearly the low point in the show, but as previous reviewers noted, the 2 strong men more than made up for it.  They were absolutely astonishing.  Even my husband was amazed by their strength, agility, and balance and from the applause of the crowd, everyone agreed that they were the stars of the show.
5 Simply amazing. The show was beautiful, funny, frightening, and haunting all at the same time!
4 The Choreographers' Showcase, a joint production of Nevada Ballet Theatre and Cirque du Soleil, held its 6th annual show yesterday at the  Mystère Theatre.  The theatre is almost a complete semi-circle in shape and almost every seat in the house is a good one.  I wouldn't want to be on the extreme right or left for a show there but you still good see well.  The stage is very large and allows a program such as the Choreographers' Showcase to spread out and take advantage of the turntable front of the stage.    I have seen Mystère here several times and the place is great!
4 This review is for the actual theatre in general and not specifically for Mystere.  For those of you lost, your Mystere reviews go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cirque-du-soleil-myst%C3%A8re-las-vegas-2. You're welcome.  Anyway, this listing is better served to address the theatre itself and perhaps the box office issue -- they are entirely too fucking slow when there is a long queue and there needs to be a dedicated will call line -- and, other residencies at T.I. besides Mystere, like Whoopi (whose last show was this past weekend) and Jello Cosby.   I have been to Mystere, naturally, and am awaiting a refresher or two of the show to write a proper review for her, but I have also been to Whoopi x2, Whitney Cummings, and a private house tour in the theatre.   Whoopi and Ms. Cummings were pretty funny headliners, and the latter even had a hilarious opener as well, so that is what I have in mind with the "Yay! I'm a fan" rating.   Once, I tried going to the Nevada Ballet Theatre/Cirque show, but after waiting for what felt like an hour at the box, I was informed that they were not selling tickets there. One could only purchase tickets online and if I had none, then they could not sell me any.   What. The. Fuck.   Pretty much sums up the box office. It is the absolute worst.   The venue itself is pretty cool and one of my favourites of the Cirque residencies. I have been in almost the back row on the extremes and even with bad vision, it is not far enough from the stage to make it a problem.   The concession/bar area seems like a complete fucking mess because it is entirely too narrow for the average U.S. American size of event-goer, but I have never purchased libations here so it is not being taken into account in my rating.   In-n-outs are permitted, which is cool as fuck, but they do scan you out before leaving. Keep your ducat because they will scan you again as if you were arriving for the first time when you re-enter.  - E
4 Beautiful theatre. Hit tickets to see Bill Cosby at treasure island. He was late starting and just overall he might need to stay home? Undecided about that as he had a few good jokes but overall show just was not hitting it. Theater has small seats felt like I was on Broadway in New York.
3 If you are seating in the 200's AA seats, there are bars on the ends of the stairways that obstruct your view for those seating on the end seats. The seats themselves are pretty comfortable and don't feel as cramped as other theaters' seats  Like most theaters, they have a snack bar with popcorn, snacks, soda, and adult beverages for purchase. Keep in mind though that you will be paying a premium for your goodies.   I suggest going to the theater early if you have will call tickets, as it can become extremely busy and the number of space for staff working seems smaller than other theaters.
4 We sat in sec 203 CC and it was great.  We got discount tickets from TravelZoo, and printed tickets from home.  I saw the original Mystere when it used to be on tour.  Boy Vegas cuts the act from 2 1/2 hours to 90 minutes.. Still a great show, but quick.  Sit in the middle, even if you're in the higher seats.  Lot of the action is facing the middle, and I don't think people on the side seats will get the same reaction or action.
4 -Long lines but you can wait awhile before going in, line goes by pretty fast -Sat in the middle which is a good vantage point with action going on all over -This is my first Cirque du Soleil and trying to watch more shows so I can mix up the Vegas nights with gambling, restaurants, and clubs. I have seen a variety show in Reno which was similar but of course Cirque was a better show. It seems like they would be all pretty much the same just with different themes, music, etc. Would like to see the Beatles or Mike Jack Cirque...next time.  -Overall good show with highly talented performers
3 I've been to this theater twice now, once about 15 years ago to see Mystere, and once last week to see Bill Engvall.  The theater is beautiful.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The employees were polite.  My two "complaints":  1.  I really wish there were more exits...sitting up at the top, you're pretty stuck after the show, and that's not good in an emergency, or if you're like me, and have bladder problems.  2.  The seats are not really "fluffy friendly."  They're more comfortable than at The Pearl, but I had some trouble getting my hips in the seat.   Other than that, its a great theater.  I enjoyed both shows I've seen here.
4 I love this show! It's pricy but worth it! The theatre is nice and the have consession stands that serve alcohol! Course it's Vegas right? You can't bring food or drinks inside so don't try and the pictures are taken in the beginning. The line was long to get in but it doesn't matter bc your have specific seats anyway. So we waited at the pizza spot next door enjoyed some bomb pizza slices and headed in after the crowd was in. Treasure island is a pretty cool casino! We liked it!
2 I actually saw this show twice because my in-laws insisted that they take us to see a show. On the spot, I racked my brain for shows my husband and I both haven't seen and for some reason,  the name Mystere came to mind. Maybe I should have said Ka... The day we were supposed to go, I said to my husband, "What the hell was that show with the giant ugly baby called? Was that Mystere?!" After a moment we both realized, oh no, it was. And we both just totally forgot what it is was called. The show, obviously, wasn't really all that memorable. The second time I saw it, I still enjoyed all the acrobats but the side show attempt in comedy was still poor in my opinion. Some of the acrobats were amazing but I didn't really get their whole theme and felt it wasn't all that grand and surreal like how Cirque shows try to be. Just odd.
5 Absolutely amazing! If you book through the hotel, you also can get a discount! =)
5 This was our first time at a CDS show so we didnt know what to expect. The opening act with the old guy was cute.  The big baby was funny but weird.  Military can get a good discount..call treasure island for details.  Pick up your tickets early in the day because lines were long before showtime.  The show was amazing!  There were so many things going on at once!  The body and mind can do amazing things.  Check it out..you wont be dissapointed!  I cant wait until the next show.
5 This show was the original resident Cirque show in Vegas.  The acts are amazing! I leave almost every Cirque show in awe of the abilities the performers have.  I recommend sitting in the upper section.  There are often acrobats performing above the audience and in the walkways.   The theater is small so you won't miss anything sitting further back---you will actually see more!  This show is not as grand or themed as O or Ka but a must see for any Cirque Fan!  Bravo Cirque!!
5 I've only watched a few shows on the strip and this was my second Cirque Du Soleil show but I must say I am a fan of Mystere.  So many colors and acrobats it was really intense. The theater is gorgeous. Plenty of seats and you can see the stage basically from anywhere you sit.   Ticket pricing wasn't bad either. I think we got a good deal on 3 tickets. Show wasnt packed at all and still had some available seats.  Must see this show when you're in Vegas.
4 My first review (and not last) on Las Vegas shows and is the most recent show i've attended and... WOW.   I've seen: KA La-reve (however you spell that) Jersey Boys Lion King Terry Fator  and i must say that this show stacks up very well up against everything else. Entertaining, Amusing, Funny and the acrobatics are amazing. I dont think this show is for everyone but if you're into acrobatics, it's definitely worth the look.  2 thumbs up!
