3 Went in expecting too much. This place is like Pizza Hut. You can order from the menu or you can pay for pizza buffet. There isn't much of a choice of pizzas out but you can always request for a pizza and they will serve you the first slice when they finish making it, then they set it out for the rest of the customers to try.
2 It was great to see the business open for about a week and always seen lots of cars.  Went a little early for dinner about quarter to 5 on a friday.  jam packed and hard to find a parking space.  long line and waited about 10 minutes to get to the cashier.  was very busy.  only saw a small area where the buffet area was and was hoping there was more somehow.  maybe in another room/area.  was disappointed w/ the selection.  thought it was very busy, i'd expect to have more food than a few pieces of their potato wedges and pizzas.  pizza wasn't the great.  had some salad but they only had thousand island and a rasberry.  there were two that were missing.  was looking for ranch.  fried chicken was very crispy outside and juicy inside.  one thing that i thought was odd was that they had lots of fried chicken but were out of the barbeque chicken so one of the workers were taking the reg. fried chicken out and placing it in some barbeque chicken and placing it in the barbeque chicken container right there next to the buffet.  like others... we were expecting too much.  for the price of the buffet, could have gone some other place and gotten better/more variety of foods.  would only go back for the fried chicken or have them deliver.
2 I went on a Saturday for lunch several weeks after they opened.  The parking lot was full which I took as a good sign, but popularity is not a sign of quality.  When you arrive you don't actually get to see the buffet before you order as it is around the corner.  I thought that it would be like a better Cicis pizza but it wasn't even that good.  They only have 6 small pizzas on the buffet for a dining room that seats hundreds of people, but they are actually doing you a favor.  The pizza itself is not very good, it tasted like food service pizza you might have gotten from a high school cafeteria.  They add exotic toppings to make it a little more palatable but the crust cheese and sauce are so poor that it is a failed effort.   The other aspects of the salad bar don't fare much better.  The pictures of the salad bar show a hearty looking spring mix, but the reality was that the salad was shredded iceburg like you might put on a taco.   This is not an exaggeration, that was the actual lettuce that was present.  Even though the name of the place is pizza ranch there were a lot more non pizza items present like fried chicken etc.  This place must bank of one time visits, because I can't see anyone going more than once.
2 Went here with the s.o. last week for dinner and was not impressed in the least. Salad bar is small, as are the two other buffet bars. It had two choices for salad, either a pre made Mederteranian or shredded lettuce like you would get on a taco. The other toppings were sparse but fresh, as another's review stated there were only two or three salad dressings. The pizza was just okay, I was able to help out a not that good taco pizza by using toppings from the salad bar. There were five other pizzas on the buffet, I tried a slice of a sweet Chile pepper Asian style and a slice of Supreme and neither impressed me. The chicken was actually really good! I think Chicken Ranch is a better name and would more accurately reflect what they do best. The staff all seemed like high school students but were very helpful and friendly. All and all I probably won't be back, at eleven + dollars for basically just chicken, it just isn't worth it to me. For what it cost for me and my s.o. I would've rather ordered Salvatore's and had something fresh and local. Oh well, you live and you learn, really wanted to like this place. I guess I was hoping for something more like Shakey's used to be. Oh, and the big ol' cross hanging right above the cash register is definitely making a statement of some kind.
2 I like this place solely because I'm a fat guy and when I compare myself to their average clientele, I feel better about myself.    It's all you care to eat.  That's nice.  You can eat your fill.  You won't feel cheated.    That being said, you're eating cardboard pizza that's no better than Little Caesar's.  The fried chicken is okay, but it's paired with that nuclear green gravy and instant potatoes, so that takes it down a notch.  You go here when you feel like gorging until you have to buy a new a belt, not because it's good or anything.  That is its only gift to you.
2 Arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday night.  Parking lot was pretty fulll, no line at the counter and the cashier was very friendly.  That's where most of the "goodness" ended.  There was multiple dirty tables and the only open tables seemed to be for large parties.  We sat at a table for 10, just the two of us.  Pizza was nothing great, I agree with the other reviewers on that.  They did have a BBQ chicken pizza that was pretty good.  Their fried chicken was really good....I would get that again, but I'd probably get a drive thru order.  The dirty tables remained dirty until a customer looking for a seat asked if the space could be cleaned.  That was disheartening...there were 6 tables in plain sight that were clearly vacated and ready to be cleaned, which were not touched in the 40 minutes we were there.  If you are looking for good pizza and clean seating, this is not the place I'm afraid.
3 This place is ok.  I like the chicken better than KFC
1 If you want mass-produced slabs of lifeless dough that have been sitting under a heat lamp, made with the cheapest "ingredients" a chain like this can find, then this place is for you. It will help you enjoy the "experience" if you have no clue what real pizza is, and if you have fond memories of junior high cafeteria "pizza." I wouldn't feed this stuff to the inmates at San Quentin.
3 I went there for the first time this afternoon with my family. Most of the reviews were correct. Pizza was just ok, chicken was pretty good, salad bar was good but like the other guy said the only lettuce they had was the kind you'd put on tacos (shredded) .. I still enjoyed it tho. Loved the breadsticks and marinara sauce. The ice cream and dessert pizza was good too. Kids loved it. Boyfriend said he'd give it 2 1/2 stars.. He liked it but didn't like the price and I agree it's a little expensive for such a small selection of food.
5 I LOOOOOVE this place!! I am southerna and their chicken is the best chicken! The staff are always friendly and the food is GREAT! I have been many many times and have come away satisfied EVERY TIME!
1 Yuck! When your main business is pizza and the chicken is better than the pizza...you have issues.
1 Blech!! Poor-quality fare. Really no reason to go here. Went once with the kids - that's enough. Since you're using Yelp to find a quality place to eat, continue your search. Definitely quantity over quality here.
3 pizza is ok the kids liked it more then the adults chicken was good had fried or bbq liked the mashed pototes snd gravy would much prefer regular not shreaded lettuce on salad soup was average liked the dessert pizza had good variety of flavors could use more then just vanilla ice cream overall an ok meal nothing special but not horible either under 40 bucks for 2 adults and 3 kids
2 Sooo it's a trough, just trying to be honest.  If you want to stuff your self and don't care about taste go for it. The pizzas were just ok, they supposedly have delivery and take out, I don't know why anyone would ever do this option because the only up side is that you can stuff your self till you burst ala Mr Creosote (just remember don't eat the mint) .      The dessert pizzas and are OK but horribly sweet but I guess their playing to their crowd . My children love it so I will probably be dragged back their again.
3 The pizza is pretty decent overall. Plenty of different choices on the menu. However, I've been there on days where they keep the pizza fresh and a variety available on the buffet, and I have been there on days where they are so slow and keep bringing it the same pizzas, leaving little variety.   The rest of the buffet choices are what you would expect from a buffet. Fried chicken, fries, corn on the cob, mashed potatoes ect. Fried Chicken is good but the rest leaves little to be desired. They also offer a cold area with your standard salad choices and fixings.   Don't bother with the soups.   Desert buffet is good, have to admit the Cactus bread is amazingly gluttonous. The soft serve on the dessert buffet is made with real milk and isn't that weird cheap ice milk crap. And goes great with the fruit pizza and Cactus bread.   Service is ok. Staff is always around to clear dishes. But occasionally it seems as though the staff are being in the kitchen.   Great deal on Tuesday if you have kids under 11.
3 One of my daughter's single requests for our weekend away was to eat at Pizza Ranch.  I think the food is decent. And the garlic cheese pizza is our favorite. It wasn't out on this visit, so we had to request it. And it did take quite awhile.... but it was a busy Friday night.
