5 Great service, lovely building and fantastic attention to detail in all aspects. Definitely Edinburgh's most exclusive restaurant at the moment. It's also nice to have a well known place with good standards down my end of town.
4 Pizza express is Pizza Express. What I do like however is that the decor and use of space is always a bit different in each one( here we have quotes from the Prime of Mis Jean Brodie-perfect for the location, and the food, whilst a chain restaurant is always tasty and satisfying. There are always deals available on the internet, and it is a good place to go with a crowd.  It's great to have somewhere else to go locally, and I can see myself being a frequent visitor to this branch although I like the George IV Bridge one too. My doughballs, Giardiniera pizza and truffle ice cream were yummy and I managed to finish the whole lot in no time.   My highlight of this branch though were the young and extra enthusiastic staff, who were strutting their stuff to James Brown in between courses. Excellent entertainment, The interior works well with the fabric of the building ( a former church) it doesn't feel too corporate.  So yeah, Pizza Express, you always deliver and I am a fan. You should be too.
3 It is Pizza Express so no real surprises. The conversion of the building in Morningside is really lovely and it is pretty airy and has a slightly different feel from the Pizza Express I visited at The Shore a couple of weeks ago.  I did enjoy my visit but why a different rating from The Shore? I think the Morningside branch is definitely successful and this is part of the problem. Morningside doesn't have a huge amount in it - a few bars, cafes and Indian restaurants but for kid friendly places then PE is a magnet. Combine this with the offer of take away then it is bloody busy. Good for a manager, not so good for a customer who is hungry.  We arrived (after booking) and got our table quickly. We did arrive at 6.15 so if you are not a fan of little people throwing tantrums then eat later. This didn't bother us.   We had a voucher so 2 courses for £10. Starters we had were sweet potato risotto and a tomato and mozzarella salad were well received. Tasty and we were looking forward to our mains.   Now I like a break between my courses but we must have been around 45 mins between courses. I am still not unconvinced our two gluten free pizza's were not given to another table. Anyway, it was a long wait and it did spoil our experience. My pizza was softer than The Shore version, not so much crisp which I very much enjoyed before. Still good but not as great as before. We were right beside the kitchen area and it was clear there needed to be more people on this section to cope with all the orders. People who arrived after us were out before us and 1hr 50 mins for 2 courses is not great. I was pleased I was heading home and not to the cinema.   Staff are really nice and friendly but my stomach isn't that forgiving. I'll probably come here again as it is local for work but I'll probably eat more before, just in case I have a LONG wait...
2 I love Pizza Express, but this is not up to the standard of their other branches. Food is the same as at all Pizza Express branches - good - but service is slow and not very competent. Of three times eating in, the first time they forgot to bring my husband's pizza, the second was without problem and the third time they forgot my son's doughballs. There were hardly any people in there but it took ages to get food and the bill - lunch took two hours. My husband was not pleased as he had to get back to work.  I have also ordered takeout online. When I turned up some of the order was ready but the rest wasn't, and when they gave the order to me my son's dessert was missing. The wait meant that some of the pizzas were stone cold.   Hopefully they will iron out these glitches but at the moment I can't recommend it.
3 We were in the area for the cinema so decided to check out this branch of the chain. I booked a table online as we were a wee bit pushed for time & I wan't sure how busy it would be.   We arrived early (pretty amazing for me!) & they had no record of my booking. I was  even asked me if I had the right day! I showed the email confirmation & it was shrugged off. The place wasn't that busy but we were left for 10 mins while someone went to sort out a table. We weren't off to the best of starts...  The service was really slow when we were eventually seated. There only seemed to be 2 wait staff on & a big group had arrived a wee while before us but 45 mins to get a pizza & a salad - I felt it was an excessive wait given the order. The food itself was fine, typical Pizza Express fayre. I had wanted to try the Calzone which is a recent addition to the menu but I was told that the kitchen had run out of some of the ingredients.  The building itself was impressive & I especially like the quotes & pictures on the wall from "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie". I like that they kept the church organ. I don't like that the tables are really squished together - so much so that we felt we having dinner with the couple next to us.   Then there was another 15 min wait to get the bill.   Loses a star for the poor service on arrival & the agonising wait. Oh & the fact that I had to run up the hill in heels afterwards to get to the cinema in time.
3 It's not the cheapest pizzeria in the area but consistency is what I like most about Pizza Express.   My delicious favourite pizza tastes and looks exactly the same each time we go there.   Personally I have always found the well-trained staff to be attentive and professional in every way. However the atmosphere is a bit sterile and it's more of a lunchtime or teatime venue. I wouldn't choose it for a special night out.
