3 I come here like once a month.  But today I got a pedi from a new employee, who is an older man I was like could you scrub harder? He was like my wrist hurt I told him he was in the wrong profession.  Every time I go the DD has to come over to clip the in grown toe nails so that tells me they are not skilled.  But she always does my mani's gel nails with cute designs however the rhinestones always fall off. I will return but I will only allow her to provide service.
1 Called and they told me they had no wait. Got right in bc all I needed was a fill with clear gel over it.... I asked the guy to please make the nails as short as possible, as in I want them to look naturally short. He proceeded to burn my fingertip of my pinky and then ARGUE WITH ME about the fact that because I want them so short he has no choice in it burning my fingertips. I explained to him that this isn't my first go around at having this done and that you can IN FACT NOT burn a CUSTOMER on their fingers with their tools....He was very quiet at that point, would not even speak to me. He quit the cut-down only to start filling in my nails before he had primed them. I asked him about it and he quickly mumbled something to the side and several of the workers in there stopped and looked up at him and then me....I felt very uncomfortable about things after that....he continued to prime my nails but had only cut down two. I asked him if he would be cutting down the rest of my nails and he was very defensive and said "yes, of course but you no want to be burn so I do later".... He finally got the filling done and he went very quickly from that point to filing and shooing me out the door. He didn't bother to ask if my nails were short enough (any stylist who wants a tip or even to treat their customers right would), they still are NOT how I wanted them but I was not going to let him burn my fingertips or screw up my nails any further than he already had! I tried to just walk out but a my conscience told me that he still has to make a living even if he sucks at it. He charged me MORE than what he told me over the phone and that was after I told him that no I don't want any polish on it just a clear coat. I asked him why it was more than what he told me over the phone and he said bc he did gel nail top coat. I tried to tell him that first I shouldn't be paying him a DIME bc he argued with me and secondly I certainly shouldn't be paying him extra bc I asked him the price over the phone and he should've included that in his quote over the phone. I paid the ridiculous charge and LEFT zero tip.
5 I love this place! DD and her crew are amazing! They just made 2 yrs at this location today and I am proud of them and happy to be a regular customer. Their prices are reasonable and their designs are on point!!
3 I've been here three times now and I do like it. My nails come out good. Although I wish they had more colors for polish.   My toes however didn't come out good. I went yesterday and I'm positive the lady who did them made a joke about me.   My two big toes the polish is already coming off after one shower. I'm hoping to go back today and get it fixed.  I do enjoy watching tv while getting my nails and toes done though.
1 me and my friend went here for acrylic toenails they were trying to talk us out of getting them on account of how lazy they are they always wanna argue and huff and puff granted they close to my house so I went but I can say I'm never going there again and neither is my friend blow the dust off that place I'm done
1 I got my toes done 3 days ago there all ready chipping smh this place doses not take there time at all on beauty its just lets hurry up and push them out i herd one lady wanted a upper lip  wax the guy told her come back tomorrow wft is that about never again rude & loud service not relaxing what so ever!
5 while traveling from Las Vegas to Cabo, I had a 3 hour layover in Phoenix. one errand that I did not have time for before I left was a mani/pedi. so I decided to spend my time in Phoenix wisely. I google-mapped the closest nail salon and took a cab to DD's Nails. while it was very busy, as it was a Saturday afternoon, I was serviced pretty swiftly. I dropped a few hints that I was in a rush and towards the end two of the younger technicians were working on me :) I felt bad for the people waiting but a girl has to do what a girl has to do. ha! so thanks to all at DD's Nails! u saved my vacation pictures!
