2 I came in this Sunday after having been here once and having a great experience. After asking Mike 3 desperate times for two different size mail bags he stomped off like a child rolling his eyes at me and my other half. It made me feel very frustrated and upset. I then went to the register to pay were the other helper apologized and informed me the Manager/Owner is not in. I let her know I will make sure to tell her of the horrible customer service I experienced. I also decided to put back $100.00 worth of items and not make another purchase due to the treatment I received. I'm not asking for a red carpet just common courtesy. I can gladly spend my hard warned money elsewhere.
1 I d like to start off by saying that this used to be a great Hallmark for mailing packages until they hired this gentleman named Mike who runs the back mailing office.   I hardly ever write bad reviews on a place unless I feel there was a major problem that needed addressing, in this case I have to say that Mike is probably the rudest individual I have ever come across.  I needed to mail off a package that was oddly shaped. He overcharged me by almost $80! I thought this was way overpriced so I went home and hopped onto the USPS website, plugged in all the dimensions, weight, height, length, etc right from the receipt Mike had given me... It came out to a mere $39 and change!!! That's a huge difference to! I went back immediately and I asked to speak to his supervisor and he told me she didn' t  like to be bothered, she wasn't there, she's never there! So was he basically telling me he could just do what he wanted back there?   I'm sorry but this person running the mail counter does not know anything, blamed the computer, and is more than likely overcharging customers on a regular basis. I wanted to discuss it with him in a calm manner and he started getting very huffy with me and then told me to leave or he would call security.   I went to a different Hallmark store about 6.5 miles away that handled USPS mail, and they charged me exactly what the website showed the first time.  Very disappointed in this Hallmark and will not be returning. I will also have to tell everyone I know not to go here either. In fact my step-mother had an equally unpleasant run-in with this same clerk about a week later.  If you don't like customers Mike, then I would recommend a job where you are not required to interact with them!
1 I completely agree with the other comments. I am not familiar with Mike but there is a women who I have to interact with every time I have to mail an ebay package and she is just terrible. I will update this post once I find out her name. Overall terrible customer service in the post office portion of the store.
4 Agree with others that Mike is a rude man and probably should be fired. However, my experience with every other aspect of the store and employees has been excellent. They have answered my questions politely and promptly. The post office clerk has also been very polite and friendly...I use this post office about 1 or 2 times a week. I have never had any issues with any of the packages I send. Very pleased with this location and I recommend it to all of my friends and family.
