1 Before going into detail about the pitfalls of this establishment I would like to first point out that both the service and the decor are quite nice. However, with that being said Mr. Sushi is an extremely subpar Japanese restaurant. Not only is the food extremely overpriced, but it is also lacking in it's quality. The complimentary thermos of Luke-warm water that masquerades as tea is also abysmal and serves as an indication of how cheap the owners must me. Although the Decor was nice, the atmosphere was empty due to the lack of people, and music. The only noise in the room was the staff yelling at each other...  Food: the fish seemed to be good in the spicy salmon role I ordered, but the flavor was completely over powered by the sesame seeds that covered the role. Which tasted horrible!   Finally: if you go here, expect to pay high prices, and get low quality food. It's possible that other items on the menu are better, but I would be very hesitate to try again to find out. If your trapped here for some reason, go next door to Mel's dinner for an unbelievable meal.
1 This sushi was was not terrible, but now very mediocre. I used to love Mr sushi, because it was cheap, delicious, and fast.  After this reopen, honestly, wasabi in the SLC was better, just don't go. Overprice crap. The decor is now also a bit pretentious.
4 I was a regular customer here before the fire closed this place down for two years, and I for one and happy Mr. Sushi is back.  I love the take-away sushi here.  For lunch, they have the sushi pre-made on the cooler area in the front of the store.  Generally the items on the left (like the California Roll $3.99) are cheaper, and they more expensive towards the right (for example the Tempura Shrimp $7.99).  Grab a couple of the trays and some of the complimentary Miso Soup to go and you can have tasty sushi without the wait (you will, of course, have to pay first).  Now, there is a sit down part of the restaurant, and this is a la carte and made fresh to order.  Now, I have tried to have a sit down meal here, but the times I have tried it has just been too busy.  I think this is the source of some of the complaints about the place, but it is early days yet and I hope great hope that Mr. Sushi will be able to be a great eat-in place as well!
1 Spend $13 for lunch ... The food was not hot and not filling,,,,and service is so slow. Worst sushi place ever, horrible sushi can't believe this can exists in Waterloo
1 Writing a review for this restaurant involves a lot of intense, analytical thinking! Sure the food is good - I've enjoyed their sushi rolls and their surprisingly filling beef soup + fish + rice meal during lunch hours - but there are little things that cumulatively diminish the overall dining experience. If I could rate Mr. Sushi based on their cuisine, I'd give it a 4-star rating.   Yet food alone is never the determining factor when it comes to these reviews; the dining experience also involves the mental impressions the establishment can provide for the customer. For example, good decor helps to augment client satisfaction when staying for a meal. Luckily, Mr. Sushi delivers on the latter. However, unnerving wait times render aesthetics irrelevant when you're feeling hungry.   There's a fine balance to these things. Mental impressions.  When the food is finally served despite the relatively long waiting time and tastes better than expected, one is not inclined to remain unnerved or irritated for too long. A restaurant that delivers a great product is greatly appreciated by any customer.   However, upon cleaning your delectable plate of sushi and you re-evaluate your mental impressions, there are very few things that can break such an elevated state of mind. For instance, noticing that the sushi chef wears a glove for sanitary purposes only helps you fall in love with the establishment even more...  Yet, when you notice that the same sushi chef hand rolls the sushi you just ate, then goes to the bathroom while wearing the glove, touches the door handles with the glove, touches the supplies on the storage shelf with the glove, then goes back to preparing food with the same welcoming smile he had when he first welcomed you into the store while wearing the same glove, it shatters the mental impression of the place, the sushi, the waiting time, the aesthetics, and makes your belly queasy.   Mental impressions. There's a fine balance Mr. Sushi, there's a fine balance.
1 Food was good. Not great, not bad. Just good.   Service was terrible. Slow. You can tell if they're paying attention to their customers when they refill your water before it becomes empty. We had to keep asking.   Waitress was also inefficient and slow. She was resistant to giving us another order paper.   Overpriced. Wouldn't be surprised if they closed down.
1 Mr. Sushi is not Mr. Sushi. At least, I would ask him to change his name because it's misleading. It makes me think that the mister is known for his great sushi, but that really isn't the case at all. I'm not really sure what Mr. Sushi is known for.  I went to Mr. Sushi with a friend of mine, and found the prices extremely overpriced for the sushi. My friend got rainbow roll (plain fish) and I got the black dragon roll (the unagi was a bit too cold). My friend also got some japchae, and it was really plain too. Literally just glass noodles cooked in soy sauce and sesame oil. I was actually hoping to get some hamachi (yellowtail) instead, but they told me they didn't have it. How could they not have hamachi? :(   I was disappointed and had to spend another ten minutes looking at the rest of their small selections of sushi. There were probably more non-sushi items than sushi items in their menu (am I still at Mr. Sushi?)  I wouldn't go back.
