5 Dr. Mora is our family doctor. Dr. Mora is incredibly knowledgeable, and getting an appointment to see him is very easy. When you meet Dr. Mora, he always greets you with a hand-shake and takes the time to sit down and actually talk to you about your healthcare needs. It is important to note that Dr. Mora has moved to this practice location recently.   Dr. Mora used to be with John C. Lincoln Health Network - Saguaro Family Practice group located at 18404 North Tatum Boulevard , Phoenix, AZ 85032, (602) 992-1900. This John C. Lincoln group was atrocious! With the exception of Dr. Mora and his Medical Assistant Erica, the rest of the staff there were terribly rude. Not to mention the office was always filthy which did not make me feel very comfortable going there. (Also you should know that if you call the John C. Lincoln office where Dr. Mora used to work, they will NOT tell you that Dr. Mora has moved. Instead they will try and make you see one of their other doctors there, and I would not recommend any other doctor there to see.) So, I couldn't be happier that Dr. Mora has moved!   Dr. Mora now works for Scottsdale Healthcare Primary Care Paradise Valley, 5010 E. Shea Blvd., Suite D100, Scottsdale, AZ 85254, (480) 882-7420. This new location is the kind of doctor office you feel comfortable going to. It is very clean and the staff are very courteous and extremely helpful. If you are new to the valley or looking to change doctors, please consider going to see Dr. Mora at his new practice location. You will not find a better doctor in the valley than Dr. Mora!
1 I followed Dr. Mora here from John C Lincoln. I always liked Dr. Mora and wanted to continue seeing him.  At my first appointment, I discovered that no one in the office checked to see that they didn't accept my insurance. When I called afterward to find out how much I owed, I was first quoted approx $300. I remembered on the financial agreement I signed that there was a self-pay discount. The woman I spoke to agreed that it should be applied but didn't know how much it was or what I owed.   After a couple more calls I finally got the correct amount, paid and asked for a receipt and coding so that I could get reimbursed by my insurance. I was told something would be mailed to me, but I didn't receive anything after several days. I left messages on 3 occasions that were not returned.   I called a few more times and we struggled through basic things like visiting my company's website to get the fax number to fax the information (I was driving while she was looking up site, she told me there was no fax number, which is funny because it's been on our contact page for years). She then tried emailing me but for some reason that didn't work either, so I looked up the fax number for them and finally received the information I needed.   The thing that bothered me most was that every time I called, I felt like I was being rushed off the phone with fake courtesy. At no point in time did I feel like anyone there cared about actually connecting with me or being present to my needs. Beyond the fact that a medical office is staffed with people who don't understand basic technology, I was disturbed that the people who were supposed to care for my health... well, just didn't care.  I did leave a message for Dr. Mora, but he never called me, there seems to be a disconnect that wasn't there before.   On a sidenote, the office manager did a great job of getting in touch with me and addressing my concerns, going as far as agreeing my assessments of the issues in the office and saying that it would be addressed in training. Hope this is the case, but too little too late for me.
1 First, Dr. Beckman is 5-stars with her medical care.  But I'm giving it a 1-star rating because the billing department is completely incompetent.  Paying my bill shouldn't be this painful.  Last fall I came for my first appointment.  They were completely incompetent at filing with my insurance.  Even after calling my insurance, calling their billing department and also having my insurance call their billing department, they still couldn't seem to get my bill filed with my insurance.  Finally, 4 months after my appointment and after many attempts, they got it correct.  Then at the beginning of May I had my 2nd appointment.  They correctly filed the bill with my insurance, but they're this time incompetent at sending me that bill so I can pay.  I've called them and was told to talk with billing.  All billing can do is say that someone will call me back.  They had me sign up for a Patient Portal after my early May appointment.  It worked for awhile but now doesn't work and I can't see anything on it or even use it to send them an email.  I guess I should just ignore the hassle and assume that at some point Scottsdale Healthcare will eventually decide they want to get paid and make an effort to come to me to receive payment.  What can I do with such incompetence in the billing department?
