2 The Starbucks is certainly convenient if you're staying at the New York, New York Hotel & Casino, but the lines are often really long... and they don't have a scanner to pay by iPhone. This is just a counter-service only facility, but there is plenty of seating locating in the Hotel Lobby & Casino, just be warned it often smells smoky in there (I wish they would ban smoking in Casinos--- just saying). The staff was nice enough, so at least they have that going for them.
4 Stopped here a few times for a caffeine fix while staying at NY NY. The staff was very helpful and accommodating my weird drink requests. I'm from Ohio and we have something at Starbucks there that this one had never heard of. But they did their best to match it and it turned out great!   The ladies that were working at the time were very friendly and helpful.
5 Great location in New York New York!  Perfect if you are staying in the hotel!
4 This is one of the two locations inside of NYNY. It's located on the main level by most of the restaurants and after a long vegas night, you will need this in the am! The staff here is always friendly and helpful.   Some might think that this place is pricey, but nothing in vegas is cheap like the older days use to be.   Get over it, your on vacation! YOLO......LOL
4 2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 44/100  The boyfriend and I aren't big drinkers, so fraps at this Starbucks ended up being our first drinks when we first got to Vegas, LOL. This location is nice and big, well lit, and has TONS of seating. We went close to 10pm and they were still open pretty late (might be 24 hours, but I can't remember).   I decided to try their new caramel flan frap, which was really good! Much better than the caramel frap or the creme brulee frap, IMO. The boyfriend got a peppermint mocha frap and his was great as well.  They only had two people working during the time we went, but they were very friendly asian women who worked with smiles on their faces :)  The only reason why I won't give this Starbucks 5 stars is because it is really expensive. However, all of the Starbucks in LV are much more expensive than normal Starbucks locations are. We got two tall sized fraps and it was over $11...kind of ridiculous.
3 Early in the morning, this Starbucks is where you're going to be if you're looking for caffeine in New York, New York.  The line is long and moves slowly, as if they had no idea people were going to show up.  Sure, prices are high and they have silly names for everything, but that's any Starbucks.  I'll be standing in line but only because they open first.  Three stars because it's not their fault that nobody else is open.
4 Found in the New York New York Hotel in Vegas, they really do everything at New York speed, style, and splurging prices!  Fast cashier, fast drink making, in and out before you know it.  Want fruits (bananas and the like)? They're legit New York prices at $1.75 a pop! Yikes.
1 Worst Starbucks I've ever had. I asked for less ice in my coffee so they substitute it with milk. Seriously paid for iced milk
