5 As a treat for my birthday I signed up for a Flash Course: Stir Fry cooking class. The class has a maximum of eight, but only six were attendence in my class. The small class size is appreciated. It allows more time for hands on cooking and one and one questions, etc. We learned about the products we were using, knife skills and a few tips. Plus, everything you need to know about wok cooking. I am a novice and came away with the confidence to cook with a wok at home. We made two recipes: Ginger Pork and Mongolian Beef. I preferred the former, it was light and had a nice blend of flavors. Portions were large I had plenty of leftovers. While we ate our second course, the chefs made sweet and sour shrimp. We were able to taste that as well. There is water and iced tea to wash down the tasty eats and we had a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon to accompany the Mongolian Beef. It was fun, yummy and educational. I'll return with friends for another class.
5 What a great concept!  We tried a demo French dinner and are looking forward  to signing up for some hands-on classes.  The chefs were informative on the classic techniques, while their flavors were inventive and delicious!  Each course was paired with nice wine.  The demo class was a fun and relaxing alternative to just going out to dinner.  Mise en place will appeal to foodies and novices.
5 Booked a group team building event here, which was a huge success.  There was skepticism from my teammates going in.  But, for a very fair price, my team of 14 got to cook and have fun for three hours, and really did walk out a closer group.    Highly recommend for corporate groups or other groups looking for a unique event.  The people there are super friendly and accommodating as well.
5 Came in for my daughter's Girl Scout troop.  There were 15 girls attending the event today.  I was very impressed walking into the store and viewing the kitchen area.  Everything was set up and ready to go for the girls.  What I loved on each side of the room you can look up on the wall to get a close up view of what the chef is doing since there are cameras by her.  We made pizzas, pigs in a blanket, cookies, cupcakes and cake pops.  All the ingredients were in little bowls near a cutting board and each child got to wear and take home a chef hat and apron.  The chef had a great personality and the girls really enjoyed the event today.  The chef had 4 helpers who walked around helping the kids.  The pizza my daughter made was very good.  I highly recommend this as a group event, birthday, party, Mom and child event, Dad and child, friends.  The combos are endless.  They offer lots of classes.  We had so much fun.
5 I love this place! My husband and I had dinner her over the summer....London was the theme...not only is it cool to watch but the food and WINE was AMAZING. Yesterday we took our kids to the kids cooking class where they made mac and cheese, slad dressing and garlic toast......the chefs did a great job with all of the kids....oh and the food was AMAZING again!!!
