5 It's the age-old problem: new girl joins Yelp, writes a few enthusiastic reviews, then disappears off the face of the internet.  The reason why I've been MIA lately is because I haven't been going out anywhere except one specific place, and that place is Wings Edinburgh.    I was initially reluctant about writing this review because the place is seriously a hidden gem, but after three weekends in a row (told you I literally haven't been going anywhere else) I talked about it with the server and she was extremely happy for me to do so.  And Wings Edinburgh is worth the advertisement.    First, how it all happened.  See, my husband and I had heard about such a place from some mates but had never sought it out.  Then, one rugby day after one-too-many pints we decided to take an adventure and find it.  So we dragged ourselves up the hill on Victoria St. and suddenly found ourselves in front of a tiny sandwich board that just said 'Wings'.  Walk down the dark alley that when slightly intoxicated seems like a trip to Narnia (stone cold sober it feels like the middle of a slasher movie) and you'll find yourself in front of a blue door.  Enter and get ready to eat.    The premise is extremely simple.  The menu is wings, only wings, and you can choose between two dozen flavours/dry rubs/sauces.  Each bowl comes with 6 wings in the sauce/rub of your choice, you chow down and put the bones in a bucket on the table.  That's it, pure and simple.  My favourites?  No Big Dill (Caesar dressing and dill) and the Smoked Emperor (a delicious bbq sauce).  The Tiger Wings are fantastic as well.  They've got both sweet and spicy options, and you can mix-and-match whatever flavours you desire.  As for drinks, again simple.  There's about 6 different options for bottled beer, no draft.  The cheapest is Corona for 2.50.  They also do water and milk for the really spicy sauces.  As for prices, a bowl of six wings is 3 each, but on Sundays get ready: 10 for all you can eat!  All the wings your heart desires for 10 pounds.  Big plays.  Feel like a challenge?  They have a Wall of Flame.  Eat 6 wings covered in the suicide sauce and get your picture on the wall.  I had a tiny taste of the sauce and almost died.  65 people have tried the challenge and only 11 people have succeeded.  So good luck with that.  Also, starting next weekend they're starting a count of their most wing eating customers.    Wings Edinburgh is, at the moment, only open Friday, Saturday and Sunday, and you have to check the facebook page to see what time they open (two weekends ago they opened at 4, last Sunday it was 2 [seriously, wasn't joking when I said this is the only place I've been in three weeks]).  And I'm also not joking when I say the place is as simple as it gets.  The wings come in a paper bowl, there's no cutlery, and the only two people that work there are the server and the cook.  If you want a fancy dinner out on the town, this is not your place.  Going on a first date?  You'll have sauce all over your face, maybe not the best (or maybe it is, if so keep that person around they're awesome).  They only serve wings- no burgers, no chips, no salad, just wings.  But if that's what you're after, this is the place.  And it's seriously worth it.  If you go look for me, I'll probably be there since I can't keep away.  This is seriously one of those hidden gems that makes Edinburgh such a fantastic city.  Next weekend head over to Victoria St. and be on the lookout for a tiny sandwich board, you won't be disappointed.  (the facebook link won't work in the business website place, so here it is- click on it to find opening times and news/information) https://www.facebook.com/wings.edinburgh?ref=ts&fref=ts
5 This is what I have been waiting for!!! Finally chicken wings in Edinburgh!!  I am a huge fan of chicken wings. Chicken wings and beer - what a perfect combination. I grew up Niagara Falls, Canada just a stones throw away from Buffalo, New York where 'buffalo wings' were created. In North America, it's very typical to go out for beer and wings. Or to go out and enjoy all-you-can-eat wings. This is one thing I have greatly missed since moving here and I am SO glad that this place finally exists in Edinburgh.  Wings gives it to you straight up. It's just wings and beer. Oh and chips but you don't want chips - you come here for the wings. They have over 40 different flavours of sauces/dry rubs. I came on Friday night with my partner and we tried seven of the forty. It's 3 pounds for 6 wings.   My favourites: Julius the Hot (caesar and Frank's red hot dressing), No big dill (dill and a white cream type dressing), and another one that was essentially a cheesy creamy cheese with FRESH* jalapenos. We also tried the a super hot flavour that's mixed with maple syrup. It was tasty. They have 'suicide' flavour - 11 people out of 65 were able to eat them. If you can handle some heat I urge you to try it out!  These wings are deep fried, American, buffalo wing style. They are perfect. This is a great place to come with friends before heading out.   Like Kristin C. noted below, this isn't a date spot. It's located in the basement of Mariachi's. There are two people who work here, the cook and the server. The server is Canadian and super friendly!  You'll wake up the next morning and your fingers will smell like chicken wings (but that's fine). They do all-you-can-eat on Sundays for 10 pounds. Who knows I might be back today!  This is my new favourite place in Edinburgh. That's all.  ------- *I love when restaurants use fresh jalapenos.
5 This is like a little, chilled-out den or living room, and the menu selection is a great adventure with so many great choices! After going to nearby Bow Bar tonight, Mason R. and I wanted a little snack... After reading some great reviews on Yelp for Wings Edinburgh, we saw it and decided to explore it. We saw the sign luring us in near Mariachi the Mexican restaurant, leading us down to their side courtyard and into a black door labeled 'wings!' Ever intrigued, we kept going into this 'secret' wing den. We were warmly greeted by one of the co-owners and she kindly explained every sauce on the menu for us, and helped me choose the sweet and unique-sounding Sweet Vanilla sauce for my wings, whilst Mason chose the Hot Oriental sauce. The guys at a nearby table were at the end of completing the spicy wing challenge (and succeeded!) and the place was great and chilled out with playing Nintendo 64 as entertainment.  When our wings came, Mason was thrilled with his savoury chicken wings and I loved my sweet, sugary vanilla ones! It was a great value for just £3 for a bowl of six wings, and it felt like a little home away from home. On Sundays they even have all-you-can-eat wings for only £10! The place is only open from Friday to Sunday, and the people here really are passionate about wings and really cool innovative sauces. That's what they do and they are great at it! In the summer, it would be amazing to sit out in their courtyard and relax with wings and the £2.50 Coronas. We will definitely be back... And Mason will conquer that spicy wing challenge while I sit back and enjoy my sweet wings.
5 I love chicken. So finding out Wings exists is like a dream come true. It's small, it's easy to miss (look for the sandwich board next to Mariachi and follow the arrow), and it's amazing. Wings serves nothing but chicken wings (well, chips, but you came here for the chicken) and drinks to wash down the chickeny goodness with. I went for the first time last night with my boyfriend and we had 3 bowls each (a bowl of six wings being a mere £3). I tried three dry rubs: Chilli Lime (delicious, definite favourite), Margarita (Tequila, salt and lime, also delicious with very crispy skin) and Pineapple Jerk (apparently only one 'flame' on their spice chart but very spicy indeed, so I'd hate to think how spicy the eleven flame Suicide wings are!). Boyfriend had Oh Canada (maple syrup sauce), Smoked Emperor (hot sauce and caesar) and Sweet Chilli. He loved his three just as much as I loved mine. We will definitely be back, and no doubt very very soon! With over 40 sauce/rubs to try, it would be rude not to.
5 Great flavour options... Unlimited Sundays... Woot! N64 anyone?
5 Check out all the top scores for this new pop-up joint and instant Edinburgh institution. Yelp don't lie!  This place has exploded onto the scene, and with good reason. They've rented the downstairs part of Mariachi's (which explains the alleyway entrance), so it's actually a lot nicer inside than we were expecting from a back alley pop up.  I love a place that does one thing and does it well. Places like Oink doing hog roast, Los Cardos doing burritos and now Wings doing . . . wings!  Cheap and cheerful, £3 per bowl of 6 wings. £2.50 a bottle of beer. They no longer do all you can eat on Sundays but the price is reduced to £2.50 per bowl. With about 30 flavours to choose from, you can jump right in and gorge yourself on anything that takes your fancy.   It's quite nice inside, but still fairly basic. Large wooden tables and metal buckets for your bones and napkins. Very friendly and attentive service means you can order as you go without having to wait around. Really just an excellent concept that provides something you can't get anywhere else in town. Although I do wonder whether the wings craze will spread.  Go there now. Run, don't walk. The way their fame is spreading means that before long it'll be standing room only.  ***Word of warning: they're only open Fri-Sun and they don't open till the afternoon. 4pm Fridays and 2pm Saturdays and Sundays. We initially turned up for lunch and were wandering up and down every alley off Victoria St until we asked someone and learned the opening time.
5 I really wasn't sure what to make of this, before we went - but then loved it! It's nicer inside than I imagined, cosy with long tables. And the wings are just delicious - we tasted about seven different types and they were all great.  Not ideal for a first date, I'd suggest - getting sauce all over your face isn't a great look ... but it's great - go and try it...
5 Wings. If you've seen Forrest Gump you'll remember Bubba and his shrimps. Here it is Ollie and his wings. Nice informal set up. Big tables with buckets and napkins. A menu with all varieties of wings on offer.  I was enticed to go here and challenge myself. Not how many, but how hot. I started sedately with the 2 flame buffalo.   Then the challenge: suicidal. I was warned by Tanja R, the waiter my wife the people on the next table and eventually the chef came out to ensure I did not make a foolish mistake. I insisted. They advised that there was a wall with previous winners (of which some are possibly to be discharged from hospital, we joked) I was presented with a bright red dish swimming in chili seeds and a sauce that by the smell of it could easily double as an industrial paint stripper. Lovingly topped with a huge Madame Jeanette or Scotch Bonnet chilipeper. I was applauded for starting this challenge by all mentioned before. They brought out milk and water. Advised NOT to rub my eyes when sweating and crying. "Bring it On!" I vaguely remember saying.   1st wing went OK. Licking my fingers. A slight heat but nothing too serious. Wing two: I bit a seed, this split... then OMFG! waves of heat, shots of hot coal and a sweet but instant fire sensation overwhelmed me. Milk.. gone. Beer.. gone. Water was offered, but that would make it worse. More milk. Looking at the bowl with the four remaining pieces and the proud but mocking Scotch Bonnet I knew I lost. I didn't care, I needed more milk. They left the full milk bottle on the table. I was unable to utter words for a little while. Sweat was pouring, my eyes welled up and yes grown man also cry.   WINGS   1 JUNGLEBOY 0  When I found my composure. We paid and again I was encouragingly applauded.   A true challenge that will have to be revisited on a later date. Far. In. The. Future.  I will visit again, just because all the other wings were so nice.
3 The idea is great, don't get me wrong. All my favourite Edinburgh takeaways are based on simple ideas (see: Los Cardos, Oink, et al.) and the idea behind Wings is as simple as you like.  The execution, however, is in need of work. We came round here for a cheeky couple of takeaway bowls. We opted for Tiger and Charlic.  The Tiger wings were lovely, the sauce had a nice heat and great flavour. The Charlic  ones less so. They tasted okay, but there didn't seem to be any skill involved. They looked like a half-dozen wings that have been under a teaspoon of chilli flakes.... there was no garlic to note.  On top of that I found our wings to be overcooked. I've had moister wings out of a Morrisons deli. It all seemed a bit conveyor belt-ish and not entirely fresh. I'll go back and give them a chance to sway my vote, after all they are impressively cheap and have an abundance of flavour options... it'll be interesting to see how different the varying 'groups' of flavours are from each other.  Anyway, I'm off now to start my own, more successful venture.... I'm calling it Thighs! Mmmm.....
3 I had heard a lot of rave reviews for Wings, so when Tanja R. suggested to try out this place I thought this is a great opportunity to see for myself.. Wings is located off Victoria Street, you walk down an alley and then end up at this very underground looking place where I wouldn't perhaps normally venture to.  Wings is a very casual place, and that's what I liked about it. The people who work there are really friendly - it's like a bunch of guys operating this 'wing joint' in between playing video games :) It had a very informal feel to it.   A bowl of 6 chicken wings was only £2.50 (April promotion), and so was a bottle of Sol so all in all quite good value. There were lots of sauces to choose from. I went for the Pineapple and jerk marinade (dry rub) and Caesar dill sauce.   I only give this visit 3 stars because I didn't enjoy the wings as much as I thought I would - I found the pineapple jerk marinade okish but quite salty, and the wings themselves could have perhaps been a bit juicier. However, I intend to return and try some of the other marinades next time and I'm sure I can bump up my rating to a fine four stars :)
4 We've been back to Wings twice since my last review and we still think it's great.  Most recently we took 4 friends (including a couple who live directly above it but had never been, madness) who all loved it too, though they could only manage a paltry 2 bowls each - my best so far is 5 bowls (30 wings), nowhere near the restaurant record though.  The service is still good, the staff are all funny and casual, and the 'cook' as their Facebook calls him frequently comes out to chat when the kitchen's quieter.  The £2.50 a bowl deal in April was brilliant too, but sadly it's May now and prices are back to £3.  I think between us we've tried most of the menu too (Gene Parmesan, mmmm, with a bonus Arrested Development reference).  Why have I given it 4 stars this time though? Well, as another review pointed out sometimes the wings are overdone, and I really wish the flames rating was a bit more honest - or at least that 1 flame really was more like 1 flame, as the jump from none to 1 is too much.  And sadly I tried one sauce I really didn't like. I love blue cheese so finding out that they had added some blue cheese sauce options was very welcome news - until I tried one. Sad Cheese. It was sad. It didn't taste like blue cheese at all and just wasn't nice - though I still ate the whole bowl.  We do still really like Wings though, and one bad sauce isn't enough to put me off when there are dozens more to choose from.
5 I wanted to give it more stars- darn only 5 available. This time I was able to taste more bowls of different flavours. Including new ones still in development. (like Chocolate and Chili).  It was a feast. Flavours and spiciness is pretty accurate. You can find the differences in every piece. I tried about 7 flavours  tonight with the help from other Yelpers. One went for the Challenge and made the board - Wall of Flame no 23 out of 99. I am feeling less of a man now.. as Ollie (the Wing Man) pointed out - YES OLLIE I am ashamed... maybe next time I'll finish it. - Somewhere in September.. perhaps.. who knows.  Wings provides to us people a service not found in any other place - they don't pretend to be anything else than what they are: a place that serves chicken wings. But they do it with flair and familiarity. Great fun and great service! Even with a big group of 18 we got all we needed served in great time and speed.   A real gem in a city filled with rosettes and stars. Just be prepared to eat with your fingers as it is no place for forks.
4 I finally tried Wings! It's only been open a few months, but already a flurry of Yelp reviews had me very curious and salivating (drooling) somewhat. A place that does one thing, and one thing only: chicken wings.  And with sauces like Oh Canada (Maple BBQ) and Vanilla, I was even more curious.  Luckily, Tanja R suggested a Yelper outting here so 15 of us rocked up one Sunday evening and got one of the big tables. First off, when going here, doing be alarmed / confused. It is down a wee alley beside Mariachi, and the door isn't open. It's on your left as you get to the bottom of the wee alley, and just has a sign that says 'Wings'. Nothing else. I almost turned around and went back as thought I'd gone the wrong way.  Inside it's just a room, with no windows, that has some basic tables, chairs, and old school Mario Kart. The two guys who run the front of house are decked out in Saved by the Bell Skeeter-type Hawaiin shirts (so bad they're good) and are super friendly.  The menu is simple. 40 types of Wings flavours, with specials on the walls. The Wings themselves were juicy and full of meat. No wing was too overcooked, so I think perhaps Joe A came on a bad day? I do agree that it can get a little repetitive and there isn't much variety as, well, it's only wings. But you come here knowing that. I'd also say if anyone had a dry wing experience, then come back and try again. 15 of us ordered at least a few bowls each, and every bowl was full of juicy wings  My Oh Canada! BBQ Maple sauce was a little sweet, but still tasty. The dry Margarita just tasted of lime (I couldn't detect tequila) but still a nice 'plainer' option. The spicy blue cheese was bizarre. But part of the fun is ordering bizarre flavours and just trying them.  £3.50 for a bowl of 6 Wings. One bowl practically filled me up, 2 left me very full indeed. Oh and they do takeaway.  I'd come here again, for a quick pit-stop of Wings or with a big group. Certainly not for a chilled out, lengthy meal. Only reason it's lacking one star as some of the dry Wings flavours I tried were a little too dry, the coating not actually blending on the Wings and just leading to gunged up coating on your teeth.  I also suggested they swap out the chocolate chilli for a Mexican Mole sauce; and try Haggis too. If they do those - YOU SAW IT HERE FIRST!  Still, great idea, they pull it off brilliantly, and given how busy it was, I can tell it's already well loved in Edinburgh.  I'll leave it to Mason R to review the Wings Challenge and how he earned his place on the Wall of Flame ;)
4 I heard about Wings way back, and was intrigued by this hole-in-the-wall type place selling chicken wings. Having met the amazing Edinburgh Yelpers at an event, and hearing them talk about this place made me even more keen. So keen in fact, I tried to go to get the wings then and there but they told me it was just on the Friday and the weekend.   The lovely Tanja R organised a Yelper outing and let me and my husband tag along. Thank Tanja! So we came through from Glasgow with the sole purpose of visiting Wings. We found it easily enough (although I think Graeme was a bit worried about where we were going) - just follow the blackboard sign, and head through the blue door.   This place is the epitome of casual - timber tables and nothing fancy. You wouldn't come here for a romantic meal (unless chicken wings are your idea of romantic!). But, what I really wanted to know is - what are the wings like?   I'd already picked out Gene Parmesan as my first wing selection, I couldn't bypass the Arrested Development reference. These had a nice garlic creamy sauce on the wings which was really finger-licking good (literally). I'll try not to make that comment again, but I can't promise anything.   I also went for Chicken 2 (chicken squared). Chicken wings coated with chicken seasoning (in Australia I'd call this chicken salt). Again, really tasty and went nicely with the left over Gene Parmesan sauce.   The wings themselves were juicy and very meaty. In fact, I was full after two bowls (12 wings). I was really sad - I wanted to eat more! But being very full and well fed for £7 in Edinburgh doesn't happen often, so instead I sat back and watched Edinburgh Yelper Mason R take the suicide challenge. He was a true champion, finishing in 80 seconds and doing the table proud!   The staff here were the other highlight - super friendly and relaxed guys, they were on hand with any menu questions you had and keep you updated with EWA (expected wing arrival). Awesome. I'd definitely go back when I was in Edinburgh.
5 Wings, Wings, Wings. It's all about the Wings and the multiple sauces. Chicken wings and marshmallows? Done. Spicy wings, plain wings, its all wings here.   I first came with a group of Yelpers. I have to confess to not being a meat on the bone kinda gal. All those greasy fingers and stringy bits always puts me off, but not here. The wings have lots of meat on them and I'm usually reaching full after around 2 bowls of wings (12 wings). At £3.50 a bowl and drinks reasonably priced - 500ml Koppaberg is £3 then this is a bargain place for the budget conscious.   It was a pop up - now closed till permanent residence is found so its basic but clean. Shared tables and buckets for the bones, service is fast, efficient and friendly. I came here again on Friday night with what I reckon must have been Wings' youngest ever diner - my one year old niece and they were able to get a decent highchair for her after it was requested so well done guys!  Yes, there are those who will attempt (Rayan) and survive the suicide challenge (Mason and my brother) and a brave and successful challenger for the Armageddon challenge so whoops and cheers are common, which adds to the friendly, buzzy atmosphere. So Wing's, I am missing you, but I'm sure those facebook alerts will tell me where to find you next...
4 YUM, YUM YUM YUM!  Have I had better wings in my lifetime.. Yes, Yes I have... Have I had better wings in Edinburgh.. errr... don't think so?!? I had so much fun here, I ate here twice in about 7 days..   The guys who run the place are super chill and super friendly.. Tho sometimes you gotta wave them down to get service..  Fine dining this is not.. A great place to go with a group of friends, it most certainly IS!  Bit sad they are actually no longer at this location... can't wait for them to pop up again in a new location!
4 Tasty wings!!  I never thought chicken wings would excite me but after a firm recommendation from Sharon G I new I had to try!. I never knew you could get so many sauces and rubs to out on chicken!. loved this place and so glad they are moving location  to hopefully somewhere bigger!!
5 So in total 15 Stars! - Why another review update? - Because they are awesome - oh and also they reopened at a new location after depriving me of proper wings for over 2 months... at the Old Fish market Close. A brilliant location and just minutes away from where they used to be - oh the memories.   Yes, they have reopened just last week. We henceforth booked a table for the hardest of hard core Yelp Wings Appreciation Society. Compromising of the one and only "Golden Cock Award" owner and fastest "Suicide Challenge" winner Mason.   On arrival we noticed they had a terrace, with some nice spots overlooking the Close. On entering the building we saw the Golden Elephant - it'll makes sense when you visit - though I am still confused. Turn right and you enter into the Chefs dispensing area and take away section (I guess), which is tastefully decorated in white emulsion and red accented pieces. Turn left and you enter into the feeding cellar or cave, yes cave. It is an old holding cellar and many bow structures to support the above building. The set up is still similar to the former place, big tables,  chairs, buckets, napkins and menus.   They are very much in the decorating stage but all is well! I like the Themed Tables, they could easily create a booking system based on that - "yes hello Wings here, how can I help?" "I like to book the Star Trek table please?" "Sorry that is already taken but you can book the Pinup Postcard table if you like?" .  There is also a door leading to an even lower section of the Royal Mile, That is planned to be opened up in about a month or 2 and that will make Wings the biggest ever Wings Only restaurant in my living memory.   Their customer service is just phenomenal. Nothing fancy just a jolly, friendly atmosphere and making sure you have a good time. Swiftly turning over the bowls you order and supplying copious amount of beers, ciders or Irn Bru.   My wings that evening were Wingtastinc and the latest bowl I had with Tapps Aff & Blue Cheese gave me a Wingasm.   They have no offical website (just a personal facebook page), no official phone number nor is there any guide in tourist books about them. Word of mouth has created this place to what it is.  I stand by my previous reviews as they are worth every star!  Dear Chef and all staff at Wings - I salute you! That you may reign long and prosper!
5 Dear Wings guys,  I visited your fine dining establishment for the first time ever today, and was pleasantly surprised by the vibe of the place, as well as the minimal-ey kick-arse decoration.   You helped me to my table, and came by and explained how Wings works. Under the sleepless gaze of the Wolverine, I promptly ordered the Taps-Aff chicken wings (house hot sauce) and tortilla strips, while my dining partner went for the sweet chili wings.  Minutes later, you came back with our food. Wings and strips alike were served in single use plastic dishes, and we were instructed that we should throw the bones in the bucket on the table.  We began eating. I bit on a tortilla chip, and it was as oily and flavoursome as they come. My 'Taps-Aff' wings were just the right amount of crunchy and hot, and had me crying like I was watching the final scene from 'Big Fish'. Needless to say there were no left-overs.  I threw the last chicken wing bone in the bucket thinking that if I didn't have to go back to work, I would have gone for at least two more dozen wings dipped in all kinds of exotic sauces.  I've had chicken wings a million times, and there's only so much one can do with chicken wings.   Yet you entertained me, you fed me well, your posters are awesome, your toilets are clean, and you make your own tortilla chips.  5 stars was the least I could give you.  Yours faithfully,  Nik
5 I *really* like wings.  The problem is, most of the time you get wings and they're boiled or something and the fat is all blobby and gross and you've got to pick through to get to the meat and it's often a mediocre experience.  And then Wings came along.  It's been on my radar to try for a while but when I got a free bowl status I knew it had to get to the top of the list quickly.  I roped in a fellow wing-lover and we hunted out the random spot off the Mile and discovered the, larger than I expected it would be, home of wings.  The venue itself isn't much to write home about.  It's a bit chilly, a bit damp, and not as nice as the pictures of their original location suggest.  If they are allowed, I would suggest going for red walls like in the original location.  But, the staff are nice and welcoming, the beers are £2.50, and the wings are good.  The wings are actually really *really* good.  They're crispy.  I have never before had wings with such tasty crispy skin that just begs eating.    We shared three bowls of wings (something sweet and spicy, the Canadian BBQ, and the garlic parmesan) and some chips, and when it all arrived I said I wished we had ordered more.  By the end, though, we were amazingly stuffed.    If we hadn't had a free bowl, 18 wings, chips and 2 beers would have cost us £17.50.  Under a tenner each for dinner and a drink is pretty good these days.    So, I now join the leagues of wing-loving fans and am planning my return trip.
5 I'm not even going to get into my craving for fried chicken which is in a very sad state here in the Burgh' but Wings have filled a small crevice in that hole! They have however, filled in a totally different area of American nostalgia done correct!  Crunchy morsels lathered in tantalizing dips. Our waiter was from Texas (total perfection) we understood each other perfectly. When we asked for ranch he listed off about 5 different ranch flavored dips. AMAZING.   So between the 2 of us we had 3 baskets of wings, one spicy, one bbq and one of course, ranchy. We also shared a basket of chips and I ordered the deep fried cheesy tortilla thing, which I asked to be made into a flauta. Didn't quite work but was good nonetheless. This place is every stoner and chicken lovers' dream come true.
5 OK, I've been 3 times now and it's been a 5 star experience each time.  It's a good ethos - do 1 thing and do it well, and I can attest that they do it well. The wings are perfectly cooked - hot and crispy - and those sauces are stunning. I've never had the same sauce twice, and I always think that I've had the best one yet until I try another one.  Top tip - go with friends and share so that you get to try more flavours.  Oh, and for the vegetarians, then Cheesy Changa is lovely.   Don't forget to get some tortilla strips - try those with a blue cheese + hot sauce combo.
3 I'm a big fan of places that choose to do one thing and do that one thing well. Wings is indeed a great idea but that doesn't mean there's not room for improvement.  My main criticism would be of the "dry rub" wings. I'd always though a rub was applied to raw chicken so that the flavours permeate the meat as it cooks. This dry rub appears to be applied to the chicken wing after it was cooked delivery a flavour of raw spices. Personally I would't order any of these options again.  All other portions I tried were enjoyable but there is a sense that the wings are pre-cooked, reheated and then have a pre-prepared sauce applied. I'd really prefer to see everything made fresh to order and would happily wait a little longer for my food to arrive.  On the whole I enjoyed the experience and will most likely return at some point in the future.
4 If you love chicken wings then you have found your heaven!!   This is the first time I have been since it has opened on New Fishmarket Close, and I have to say that the new space is much better and very quirky. The reason I have kept this at 4 stars is that although the interior is supposed to look dated I think , I am a self admitted snob. I am still a big fan and will be back. Not for the suicide challenge... crazy people !
5 I had heard about this place through my boyfriend who heard it from a classmate, and then looked it up on Yelp to ensure it was really a "wing place". After going there, this place gets 5 stars solely on the fact they only serve chicken wings, and they are amazingly delicious wings. The interior of the restaurant, if that is even the right word, is nothing fancy, which suits the food and atmosphere well. It feels like you are tucked into someone's living room with random nerdy sci-fi posters and mis-matched chairs and tables. It really feels like a college bar that serves that hot wings American's love.   The lovely waitress was very helpful in checking we knew they only served wings, although a few vegetarian options, and they serve chips, I would never bring a non-meat eater here. Entirely pointless. They were fairly busy, but our wings came out pretty quickly and all were hot and looked killer! It is a very casual environment and an equally chill dining experience. They also offer the standard beer and small spirit drinks to wash down your feed.  They have a good range of sauces and styles or rubs or spices for the wings, and with each sauce you get 6 wings for 3.50, served in a paper bowl, slathered in sauce. We opted for the Mardi Gras Madness, the traditional Louisiana Hot Sauce wing, the Mam Prickin Amazing, Sriracha Chipolte Wing, the Tiger Sauce (Buffalo striped smooth) and although not traditional maybe, I got the Dill-licious, maple and dill barbecue wing. All were well fried perfectly and sauced to perfection. The best was definitely the Mardi Gras madness, smothered in Franks Hot Sauce, it was the true buffalo wing I would expect. All were quite tasty and we were both madly happy.   It is a no-fuss, delicious experience, where you get exactly what you expect and even a bucket to discard the remains of your wings experience. I love chicken wings and this place does not disappoint. It is definitely a group destination for lovers of all types of wings, my only hope is that one day they get teriyaki maybe!
5 Perfectly priced with a wondrously varied selection of wings. You don't get sides here just more wings. And then some more. I came here with a group of 14 for the quiz which was compiled by a funny, gruff and sarcastic scot. The atmosphere was fun and friendly, with the comic book decor adding a bit of geeky coolness. Great for groups, maybe not a first date place. The two varieties I had tonight were whiskey pepper and maple BBQ with bits of bacon. Oh and if you like to go for the ultimate challenge in spice then the suicide challenge is for you. 6 wings, a list of undisclosed ingredients and your face on the wall if you survive....I mean complete it. (My friend are two, he said he could have eaten three but his insides were melting)
5 Cannot recommend this little gem enough! The kind of place you could sit for hours, bowl after bowl of wings eaten! And reasonable enough to try several of their delicious toppings. Nicest ranch sauce I have ever tried and needless to say their sweet bbq sauce had me droooling. The star wars memorabilia also gets two thumbs up from us!
5 I LOVE WINGS! Best fried chicken wings I've had in the UK. Took my dad for his first taster last night, great service, relaxed atmosphere, cool music AND I got to try on the Chewbacca mask  I would recommend the Tiger sauce, Chalapeno and  Oh Canada sauces! I don't think I'll ever get bored of this place!
4 Oh Wings. How glad I am that I found you.  Discovered through a perusal of 'cheap eats in Edinburgh' on Yelp, I was pointed in the direction of Old Fishmarket Close just off the Royal Mile. I admit that I haven't eaten a huge amount of chicken wings in my life, and I most certainly haven't been to a wings only restaurant before, but needless to say I thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Being ridiculously good value (four bowls of six wings, tortilla strips and two Coronas totalled a meagre £20) one might not expect such good customer service. But Wings delivers! Friendly, laid back staff who always seem to notice if you're running low on eats.   The interior is very quirky, with a Star Trek themed table, stacks of board games and posters galore. But that adds such a fun vibe to the place and it's perfect to sit back and have a few drinks with some buddies.  As I mentioned, we had four bowls between two people. We could have easily only had three but eyes were bigger than stomachs upon entering. We demolished the Mardis Gras Madness (a bit spicy!), Oh Canada (Maple BBQ - our unanimous favourite), honey and garlic and balsamic glaze. The tortilla strips were a must for soaking up the leftover sauce.  A bit moreish to visit every day but the friendly atmosphere and value for money means we will definitely be back!
5 This place deserves more than 5 stars! An amazing little gem that you equally want to loudly rave about it but also keep it a secret to ensure you can always get a table. :).   The choices for the wings toppings are great from dry rubs to tantalising sauces! My fav is the hot blue cheese sauce. Such a reasonably priced place for both food and drink.   Service is great, friendly folk who all want you to have fun. Recently went on a Thursday night for their quiz, came last but such a good night with lots of laughs!
4 After a day traveling around Edinburgh, Wings was the perfect snack to fill my American wing-loving desires. Good atmosphere. They had a movie marathon going on downstairs. Service was pretty good too. I had a magner's and dancing in the bleu flame (hot bleu cheese)! I'll be coming back sooner rather than later! :)
5 "If you're a geek and like wings you should check this place out" was how my friend suggested Wings Edinburgh.  I actually thought she was talking about two different places on the Royal Mile, but one day we were up there looking for a place for lunch and I saw lots of positive reviews on Yelp, so we started looking.  It is kind of hidden down Old Fishmarket Close, but worth the hunt.  The minute I walked in the door and saw the Star Wars Walkers humping I understood my friend's comment. Before we even sat down the Mrs was begging for a picture with the Weeping Angel in the corner.  The wings we tasty. I had the Imperial Tiger which was a good hot wing.  Only thing that would have made it better would have been if it had free wifi, which seems kind of a glaring omission on this shrine to geekdom.
4 Very nice laid-back eatery with pretty decent wings. Great waitstaff who are clearly enjoying their time and offer great service. I will definitely come back and often!
