5 Sensational Food, Spellbinding View  The Fountains Brunch at Jasmine may be the best Sunday brunch you've never heard of. In comparison to the more famous Sterling Brunch across the Strip at Bally's, many people aren't aware that on Sunday, Jasmine in the Bellagio opens at 11 a.m. for a luxe, Cantonese/dim sum/all American breakfast brunch. The room is decorated in florals and creams... it's a bit old lady, but never feels stuffy, especially with sunlight streaming through the windows on a bright morning. Better yet, the room's floor-to-ceiling windows overlook the Bellagio fountains, which go into overdrive especially for brunch patrons. Fountain music is pumped into the room every 15 minutes as the fountains perform.   Outside of the fountains, the centerpiece of the brunch is a fantastic buffet. It's not massive, but there's a wide variety of superbly prepared dishes. Traditional american brunch favorites are here, with the usual Bellagio-classy twists: the belgian waffles are red velvet, the eggs benedict are served on a lobster-potato cake. There's an excellent raw bar, a selection of caviar and sushi, and awesome cold bites and cheeses.There's also an omelet station, but a better choice is the soup, where a chef customizes asian-style noodles to your liking. The carving station has huge chunks of beef, lamb, and incredible carved slab bacon. The dim sum components are great too: sui mai, short ribs, crystal prawns. Best of all, they serve fantastic peeking duck table side in steamed buns.   The finale of brunch is a room devoted to desserts, and unlike many buffets, these are made in small batches by the pastry team and are quite good. Additionally, the pastry chef on staff chats and explains the different desserts, what was particularly good that day, and what ice creams and gelatos they've prepared.   Downsides: it's not cheap ($80ish), and unlimited champagne is an add-on. (They have different levels of sparkling wines, and I believe the lowest was about $15?) I think they add gratuity automatically, but the service was so good when I went that my boyfriend and I ended up tipping more.   Overall, this is a truly not-to-be-missed morning in Las Vegas. Make reservations, go hungry, and prepare to spend a few hours indulging yourself. If nothing else, this is probably the classiest way to deal with a hangover on the Strip.
3 Items Tasted:  Welcome Platter - Apricot/Blueberry/Strawberry Jam, Compressed Melon Skewers, Blueberry Danish, Chocolate Muffin, Banana Muffin, Pain Au Chocolate, Butter Croissant  Coffee  Sui Mai/Har Gao/Char Siew Bao/Peking Duck Bao  American Caviar, Buckwheat Waffle, Chive Crème Fraiche/ Tuna Poke with Mango in a Squid Ink Cone/Foie Gras Profitterole with Asian Pear/King Crab Legs/Assorted Sushi  Lobster Pot Pie  Sweet and Sour Chili Crab/Chinese Donuts  Lobster Benedict/Traditional Benedict/Banana-Nutella French Toast/Red Velvet Waffle with Cream Cheese Frosting  Pear Almond Tart/Apple Tart/Pound Cake with Golden Raisin/Zucchini Bread/Almond Berry Financier/ Chocolate Profitterole/Raspberry Profitterole/Vanilla Profitterole/Coffee Gelee with Almond Cake and Cheesecake Mousse  Whole Grain Bagel Chips/Assorted Cheeses/Charcuterie/Cornichons/Glazed Nuts/ Porchetta/Honey Glazed Slab Bacon/Wood Roasted Carrots/Spinach and Gruyere Crepe  Ginger Chicken Congee/Diced Fruit with Kaffir Lime Leaf and Coconut Honey Cloud/Mango and Papaya Infused Muesli/Peking Duck Bao  Vanilla Gelato with Oreo Cookies, Caramel, Milk Chocolate Dipped Walnut Fudge  Assorted Cheeses/Dried Fruits/Glazed Nuts/Date Bread/Dark Chocolate Truffle/White Chocolate Coconut Truffle/Milk Chocolate Truffle/Giadujia Truffle/Raspberry Pate de Fruits/Apricot Pate de Fruits/ Foie Gras Profitterole with Asian Pear  Crème Brulee/Tiramisu Mochi/Strawberry Mochi/White Chocolate Rice Crispy Treat/Milk Chocolate Brownie/Dark Chocolate Strawberry/Coffee Gelee with Almond Cake and Cheesecake Mousse  Espresso Gelato with Milk Chocolate Marshmallows, White Chocolate Rice Crispy Treat, Fudge  Chocolate Covered Strawberry/Chocolate Profitterole/Vanilla Profitterole/Figs/Glazed Nuts/Fresh Fruits/Banana-Nutella French Toast  Coming off a truly unexpected experience at Wicked Spoon just one week prior and with a long holiday weekend at my disposal it was with high hopes that I waltzed through the Bellagio conservatory en route to a meal nearly four years overdue on my expansive 'to-do' list - a Sunday afternoon at the upscale Cantonese restaurant Jasmine for "Fountains Brunch."  Considered by many to be one of the best buffets in the city and housed in a breathtaking room where floor-to-ceiling windows joyously exploit the twice-hourly water-dance outside it was to the left of the ornately decorated space that I found myself sat and with lightly roasted coffee adding $4.50 to the base $58 my meal began, a tableside pastry tower presented from my server whose interactions would otherwise prove perfunctory at best.  Small in size but diverse in selections with steamer tables, chilled sections, prep-to-order, and a whole room of desserts it was with Asian options that I began and with sliced to order Peking Duck on warm bao the star of the show both dim sum and crab soup would show equally well while congee proved mealy and flavorless leading me to overlook the noodle station in favor of things more unique.  Focused next on cold tables it was in exotic ingredients and iced shellfish that Jasmine hoped to justify its pricetag and although the King Crab was fine while foie gras pastry proved addicting the sushi, cheeses, charcuterie, and salads were rather pedestrian - a toothsome muesli better fitting as dessert a rare exception to the rule.  Moving through more "American" selections including a decadent pot pie, two delicious benedicts, and casserole-style French Toast imbued with banana and Nutella while quickly discarding flaccid waffles and dried out breakfast breads it was finally in sweets that nearly everything excelled - a well culled selection from which I nearly sampled the gamut - a Jean Phillipe's gelato station, perfect puffs of choux, and DIY fondue all receiving repeat visits with Asian pastries decidedly conspicuous in their absence.  Undoubtedly a special space but maligned by service faux-pas necessitating requests for refills plus clean utensils suffice it to say that although 'luxe' in many ways a brunch at Jasmine does not come cheap and while some items shined none but the duck was on par with Wing-Lei's Chinese New Year while neither service nor selection were equal to Wicked Spoon which rings in at nearly half the price after tax, tip, and drinks.
5 The best buffet I've ever bad, the best brunch I've ever had. Service was slow at times but I was so distracted by the spectacular display of culinary delights I didn't care.  Foie gras profiterole? Check. Best omelette station you'll ever encounter? Check. Prime rib, slab of bacon, ham, and... Peking duck? Very much check.  Oh and a room of decadent desserts so dizzying you'll feel like Kevin in Home Alone 2...  $58 is pricey but frankly it's better than Sterling Brunch which is $90 - treat yourself.
