5 Jeff Sparks is a completely amazing, profesisonal, guy. He came right after I called him, and he is totally on top of it. It was like $15 to get my door opened. He swung by, unlocked it, and chatted for a bit, and that was it! Easy as cake! I would definitely use him again, especially since theres no "after hours" charge.   Senior, Student, and Military discounts as well. Schweet.
5 I have had Jeff Sparks (Sparks' Locksmith) ply his trade twice at my home. Both times he was prompt, efficient, knowledgeable, and fair. I will call him again when I need any type of lock work performed.
5 Best locksmith and prices in town!!! I never write reviews on Yelp but this company deserves it. Jeff is a true professional. I needed help keying my new home and mailbox. Jeff quickly did all 7 key holes and made them all match one key. He is very understanding w service call prices and key hole prices. I definitely recommended him! O and he has an Epic mustache for some flare! :) Thanks Jeff!
5 My brilliant dog locked herself in the bedroom - the only room whose hardware we didn't replace when we bought the house so we didn't have a key. I called at 6 on a weeknight and the room was open by 7, including new keys. I would definitely use Sparks again.
5 Jeff did an awesome job! He arrived promptly after I called and was super friendly and quick. It was the best deal I could find without any of those hidden fees. He's there to help, not screw you over. I am definitely going to recommend him to everyone I know. Thank you so much Jeff!!!!
5 Jeff is amazing with a very reasonable price. If you need a locksmith I gurantee you jeff wont let you down!!! Excellent service.
5 Wonderful service. Locked my boyfriend's key in his car and called this service, showed up in 10 minutes and the guy unlocked the door in 5 seconds. It made me feel pretty stupid but he was so kind and friendly! I definitely need to invest in these tools he uses. Haha
5 What can I say about Sparks' Locksmith that hasn't already been said? We just purchased a new home and were prepairing to change the locks on the home soon...well on Chrismas Eve we found someone looking around our home just enough to make us feel uncomfortable. We called Sparks and he was out within 20 minutes! Not only was he fast, he was friendly AND I was able to take advantage of the student discount that was offered! One of our doors also had a broken piece and he replaced it for us without any charge. He was absolutely amazing and we now feel much safer in our new home. I would highly recommend using Sparks' Locksmith to anyone and will use him again!
5 Sparks Locksmith did a great job unlocking and re-keying an interior door.  He was fast, accurate, and reasonably priced.  Will definitely call again.
5 I was locked out of my car and Sparks was quick, very nice and affordable. Definitely a better experience than I have had in the past. I highly recommend them!
5 The way we would hope all businesses to be like- upfront, honest, and reliable. Very happy with Sparks' and will keep this in mind for any future locksmith needs that arise. Thanks!
5 Called on a Sunday and had 2 doors unlocked within the half hour. Great service and excellent price. Knock on wood I won't lose my keys again, but if I do, I know who I will be calling!
