5 My family of 6 has been members her for almost two years.  The family membership is very reasonable and includes free childcare.  My little kids (ages 2-6) love going to "Kids Gym" and the childcare staff are wonderful.  The hours are definitely geared more towards families as it closes rather early 8pm.  They membership includes all the general fitness classes and a few free kids fitness classes for ages 5-12. My son really likes the Kids Catch classes on Tuesday and Wednesday nights.  Swimming lessons, martial arts and dance are available for kids for additional cost. As a non-profit the YMCA offers scholarships for those in need for both memberships and classes.  I think they also offer military discounts. Membership at this Y also gives you full access to the other YMCAs in town.   The facility is actually owned by the City of North Las Vegas but due to funding they lease it to the YMCA to operate.  There is only an indoor swimming pool and the only showers are in the pool changing rooms.  The facility is always very clean, is only a few years old and well maintained.    The non-judgmental family atmosphere is probably my favorite aspect of the YMCA. There are people of all shapes, sizes and abilities that take the classes so it is great if you are just starting out and worried about working out or taking a class. The personal trainers (Kat is awesome!) are also great and very affordable.  I've lost 70lbs in the last year and the Y has been a big part of that. I highly recommend Zumba on Tuesdays and Thursdays with Christina.  Kat also offers a boot camp in the mornings that is open to the public for a fee. Overall a great affordable, family friendly gym with a focus on helping the community become healthier!
4 I love the Y here with the gym on the Treadmills there is a great View of the Sheep Mountains.  The gym is also baby friendly with a great Daycare Staff! Not to mention all the extra fitness events and classes that they offer. My only complaint is one for my own- I like workin out at night and they close and open at all different times.. So scheduling around there schedules is a bit stressing- other than that its a great rate and a great workout!!
