5 The salads were amazing and the service was excellent.  This is definitely a repeat for our group.
2 Salads are good - but everything is very expensive and the manager treats the employees like dirt.  I've seen it first hand multiple times.
4 I have never heard of Salad Creations, probably because I don't have one where I live, but I wish I did. I was in Wisconsin where I found Salad Creations and I tried their Apple Pecan Salad, and oh my goodness it was delicious; everything went well together in it and it wasn't drenched in dressing. The inside of the building was average, nothing fancy but it went with the atmosphere. The only reason this place got 4 stars is that I wasn't greeted with a "welcome to Salad Creations" or anything; other than that I would defiantly go again. I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for a light and healthy meal.
2 Salad was good, but very expensive! I also thought I would add on a bottle of water and my total was over $11.00! (The salad was 7.99, so $3 for a small bottle of water???) i thought hey, I'll help a local business out... Never again! I was also curious about nutritional/ ingredients of the salad dressings and was treated very rudely. The young girl that helped me was very nice, but the older woman was not nice at all. So much for supporting a local business.
1 I'm writing this again because it wasn't included in the reviews for some reason.  I've been to this restaurant 4 times and today was a reminder why I don't go there anymore. It always seems like the employees take an unreasonable amount of time to make our salads. She kept returning to the salad ingredient lists on the counter after every part of the salad. It was a very time consuming process. When my salad was almost done, she added chicken instead of the shrimp that I had requested. We had to start all over at square one. When my mother got her salad made it also took a very long time. Today we had a coupon for buy one get one free and our total STILL came out to $15.00! When we questioned why it was so expensive for one salad that was supposed to be $7.99She said, "I think the added shrimp is $3.50" She thinks? I just wanted to get out of there. The prices are outrageous and the salads are subpar. I've tried to give this place a fair chance, but the employees are very slow and the prices are not worth it. I would never go there without a buy one get one or my two salads would be $30!  Absolutely outrageous. I doubt they'll last more than a year at this location.
1 My family and I were craving salads tonight so someone suggested salad creations. We live about 30 minutes away from salad creations and when we got there they were closed....at 7:15. The lights were completely off, chairs up and no one inside. Why say you are open until 8 when you are only ACTUALLY open until 7? We were all very disappointed to say the least. We won't be back for a very long time.
