4 Dj is cool. The place needs a theme ASAP
4 Great spot to drink and lounge and play games.  I saw some Hookahs also, but I didn't partake.  The view in this place is amazing (obviously) and the decor is great.  I was here during half-off drinks so that was a plus.  It wasn't crowded during that time but the later we were there, the more people showed up.  I would assume this is a good place to pre-game before actually hitting a dance club.
3 The fiancée and I decided to check out Palms' newest bar, The View, since access into Moon gets you into The View as well.  Frankly, it was very dead here on a Tuesday night around midnight.  Oh how times have changed!  What was once the Playboy Club has now become The View.  Granted, the "view" is no longer attractive, curvaceous women in Playboy Bunny outfits.  Instead the space draws its name from the wraparound picture windows with views east of the Strip.  Gone is the Playboy-related décor, leaving the walls bare save for a few HD flat panels.  Also gone are the blackjack tables, replaced with games like pool and shuffleboard that you could find in your basement rec room or neighborhood bar.  Sorry, no Golden Tee or other video games for those so inclined.  While there are still couches scattered around the room with bottle service available, you can also get hookah service to enjoy while you play a little Connect Four (and who knows?  Maybe even Jenga.) at your table.  Given the slowness of the night, there was only one cocktail waitress working the floor.  She was on point, though, as drink service never lagged and she was also gracious enough to invite us to sit at one of the couches, which were normally reserved, but were going unoccupied.  That was cool...it was good to sit down and relax.    In the end, The View reminded me, in name only, of a bar formerly at the Hard Rock, Wasted Space.  The View has primo real estate in the Palms.  Sadly, as a bar, it seems to lack a coherent and exciting concept and seems to be only a default space holder until something better comes along.  Still, perhaps it serves a welcome change of pace for clubgoers when Moon is packed on a weekend night.  At least, on our visit, service was the obvious star for an otherwise ho hum experience.  4 stars for service, 2 stars for everything else...overall 2.75 stars.
3 Simply love The View for what it is, literally. And even better, Saturday nights are Latin Night now, with variety of beats- happens to be my newest digg. Drinks are super pricey, it's a little dark inside/poor lighting. But I suppose if things become a bore you could always take the elevator back down (because they make you go all the way down and then back up) and then take it back up to Moon which is always crackin ;b
2 It was a Wednesday night, the few was great but the bar itself was empty, only a few older ladies shaking on the dance floor, drinks were about 15 bucks each, bartenders not very friendly, not rude, just short with you. I guess i would be too if I worked at a has-been bar.
4 Awesome view, happy hour till 11pm. Pool tables, hookah service. The place is new, so not the usual vegas busy crowds. And did I mention the view from the 52nd floor of the Palm Hotel. The hookah was ok, but overall experience is pretty pleasant.
