3 The Burger Bistro is located inside the Las Vegas Hotel & Casino(LVH for short), also formerly known as the Las Vegas Hilton. The place itself isnt too big. Wood panel walls with paintings and marble colums with a chandelier in the center. I'm not totally sure but I believe this place is fairly new, opened within the past few months. It's a seat yourself type of sit down restaurant. Menu is pretty simple and straightforward. Prices seem reasonable. There are 6 different burgers available to choose from. Angus 10oz, Lamb 8oz, Tuna, Crab,Turkey & Veggie. Then you can add a variety of toppings anywhere from foie gras & apples to brie & bacon. Some sides include fries(shoestring or regular) either natural, parm garlic or truffle, fried pickles & mac n cheese. According to the menu you have a choice of brioche or wheat bun but our server didn't ask and we all got brioche. We did get our appetizer at the same time as our burgers & fries. I got the angus burger, it was quite a hefty sized burger. We also got the fried pickles, all 3 fry incarnations & onion rings. Nothing mind blowing but not horrible either. I was satisfied with the size of the burger and everything tasted ok. Our server was nice enough to bring us 7 different sauces to try with our burger & fries. She was friendly but service was a bit slower than we expected. They seemed to take awhile to bus the tables that were done. Some were still not cleaned off by the time we left and some of those were there before we arrived. I'd still give this place a solid 3 stars. Would probably go back again to try the lamb and tuna burgers.
2 It wasn't too difficult finding the place because it's located near the other restaurants (Benihana and TJ's Steakhouse). The entrance is really exciting! There are stacks and shelves of books that makes you feel like you're in a library and there's a bar in it. What's confusing is no hosts, but there is a convenient sign inviting you to seat yourself at an open table (I'm glad they mentioned "open" or I would have sat myself at someone else's table). The room is hexagonal with tables lining the walls and when we walked in, most of the tables were taken or dirty from previous diners. Awkward.  Our server was friendly, but we had a rocky start - we inquired about the 'foie gras terrine with sweet apples' burger topping and her response was...annoying. "It's duck...like a slice of duck and apples. Well, it's liver...and apples." My brother informs her, as nicely as possible, "I know what foie gras is..." So I say, "Yes, we want to know how it's prepared." She continues, "Like I said, it's a slice and apples...it's just a topping, so..." UHH, what???? Yeah, not happy about that.  My brother had a comp, so we took advantage of ordering several things on the limited menu. I ordered the Angus burger (medium rare) with extra toppings of avocado and grilled red pepper. Ruben ordered the Australian Lamb with mint jelly. We shared the truffle "thick" fries, garlic parmesan "thick" fries, and fried pickles. The fried pickles were not bad. I liked that they were spears and crunchy, but not much in the flavor or tart department. The fries were called "thick," but really were just normal cut fries. I commend their using Idaho potatoes and cutting the fries themselves, however, the truffle flavoring was gross. It was that overpowering, disgusting faux truffle oil nonsense. Couldn't stomach it. The garlic parmesan flavoring was good though with actual garlic (not sure where the parmesan was). The burger itself was prepared nicely and although I asked for medium rare and received medium, it was still succulent. No flavor though, but I guess that's why they offer nine different sauces. I also really liked the avocado and grilled red pepper on the burger with the fresh onion, lettuce, and tomato. Overall, the burger offered very little flavor and nothing spectacular. The portion was large and priced well though ($10 before extras, $11 for the lamb).  The service was just okay. She was kind, but had her really bad moments like earlier with the foie gras incident. Then, when we wanted to order plain fries, she responded, "Oh, I think we're closed." You think you're closed or you are closed? Also, why would you not inform your tables that the kitchen did last call for food anyway? Then, she goes to check and comes back a few minutes later with a plate of skinny and thick fries. I said thanks wholeheartedly, but knew these were leftover and for whatever reason, the staff decided to give it to us. Kind, but weird. The worst part was that some of the fries were doused with that horrendous truffle oil! Could you at least warn a gal? Oy. I can't help but think there was a reason LVH didn't do much to advertise their new burger joint. Not worth it!
1 It seems as though every casino has to have a feature burger joint now, whether it's tied to a celebrity chef or not. Gordon Ramsay recently opened one of the more popular ones at Planet Hollywood, long after other chefs opened restaurants at Mandalay Bay, The Mirage, Harrah's, you name it. Some actually hold up fairly well and provide you with some pre-designed burgers to choose from, while others take the lazy do-it-yourself route, such as in the case of my latest meal at Burger Bistro in the LVH. Although burgers are a fairly easy thing to make, it's even easier for these Vegas properties to throw together a half assed restaurant like this that sell mediocre burgers at insane prices and it's really starting to piss me off. I'm not going to hide my anger and disappointment anywhere in this article; Burger Bistro's approach to providing us with another burger joint is just insulting to the scene in town and I want the execs at LVH to know it.  After parking in the lot off of Paradise and wandering through the casino and sports book, I finally asked an employee where the hell this restaurant was since there is absolutely no signage of any kind to let you know. Tucked in a corner with a few other restaurants in the path to the convention center, Burger Bistro sits in a long-abandoned restaurant space that looks like it used to be something Italian complete with faux marble columns, awful pink-lit vaulted ceilings and lots of wood paneling. There's also an abandoned bar in the front that could be a great place to stop in for a quick burger, yet the restaurant hasn't made use of this yet for some reason. Another puzzling item is the display of books behind sliding glass doors in the front, not sure if this is supposed to be some sort of library theme? Basically what I'm saying here is the LVH execs decided that burgers are hot, there are massive amount of bodies coming out of conventions so let's just slap a burger joint in this unused space, charge way too much money and see how it goes. They were so lazy about this that their menu gives you the choices of a few meats, several toppings, and leave it up to you to figure it out. It looks like a bad rip off of the Burger Bar menu.  Being totally uninspired I went with a swiss and bacon burger. After a shorter wait than anticipated, our burgers showed up on a food cart that was wheeled to our table, and what I was given was a completely generic 24/7 café-style burger. There was nothing wrong with it at all, but nothing that stood out as great either. It would be great drunk at 2am, which unfortunately I wasn't. The pre-made patty was probably cooked on a griddle then thrown on a grill to add grill marks, as it had no char flavor whatsoever. It had decent flavor overall, and was cooked fairly consistent to medium rare all the way through, but lacked any type of seasoning. The frozen tomatoes added nothing, the cheese was barely noticeable, and the standard breakfast bacon was nothing special and not even cooked that well. The brioche bun was really good; grilled with garlic and butter but grilled poorly so there was raw butter in middle. Overall it was a decent burger, but something that could be found anywhere in the country at any time.  My skinny fries were completely awful; hard with a horrible oily flavor that made them completely inedible. And when I typically order skinny fries, I expect something similar to what you're given at In-N-Out or McDonald's, these were like potato sticks. The 'fat' fries at our table were pretty much what you'd consider regular skinny fries, and had just as little seasoning or good flavor to them. The weird sauce was a mixture of ketchup, A1 and who knows what, and reminded me of some concoction of sauces I'd make as a kid with condiments from my parent's cabinet.  To round out the negativity, this was way overpriced. Maybe it would be ok for $10 if it included fries, but it didn't. My plain burger plus cheese ($2), plus bacon ($3), with fries and iced tea at $3.75(!!) that was never refilled came to a ridiculous $23 before tip. I wouldn't spend that much at Burger Bar for something far better, which is surely the place they're trying to rip off. The burger trend might still be happening, but this is uncalled for. While they provide a somewhat decent burger, the fries are awful, the service was iffy, and the prices are insulting. This meal pissed me off the more I wrote about it, and I can't recommend it to anyone unless the folks at LVH seriously consider remodeling this space, providing the customer with more of a thought out menu, and reducing their prices considerably.
2 Not impressed by this over priced burger place. My boyfriend and I recently dined here on Easter Sunday. We decided to try it out since it was the least expensive restaurant in the LVH which is where we were staying.  It was empty so we were seated right away. After waiting for about 15 minutes someone finally came over to take out drink order. Keep in mind there were only 2 other parties eating here as well. We ordered food and drinks and the food came out relatively quick. I ordered tangy BBQ chicken wings thinking they would come out cooked in BBQ sauce. I was wrong.... They just came out plain with a side of sauce on the side. The sauce wasn't even BBQ it was actually the honey ginger but I ate it anyways because I knew the waiter wouldn't be back around for a while. After we finished, the waiter brought us our check and charged my boyfriend for 2 beers when he only ordered one. Of course he fixed the issue and we paid our check and left. The food wasn't bad but it is definitely not a place I would recommend. You're better off going to the deli and getting something for half the price that is just as good.
1 I've been craving a burger and based on the menu and all the signage throughout the Hilton this seemed to be exactly what I was looking for. When I arrived I was greeted by a sign saying, "please wait to be seated" and a group of three ahead of me. After a while the hostess finally arrived and told the trio ahead of me it would be a thirty minute wait. I wasn't starving so I went back to my room, I should have recognized the signs though.  An hour later I returned and was told it'd be a few minutes. Ten minutes later I was seated. The restaurant was only 3/4 full. There isn't a lot to the menu so it was easy to decide what I wanted. After ten more minutes I was yet to see my waiter. Finally the hostess came around to get my drink order. She brought me a Guiness in a can with no glass. Ten minutes later she swung by to tell me it'd just be a minute longer. Meanwhile the man who was seated after me was placing his order. Ten minutes later the hostess came back, apologized and took  my order. As I waited I noticed that a number of tables were empty, but hadn't been cleared. They were obviously understaffed.  After another ten minutes a waitress stopped by with water for me. Five minutes later my meal (and the man who was seated after me, but ordered 10 minutes ahead of me) were served our food. And of course my order was wrong. I ordered no tomato and sautéed onions and got tomato and no onions. Too hungry from waiting I ate it. It was okay. Not the best burger I've ever had by a long shot. When I finished eating, the bill had the sautéed onions on it, as well a piece of chocolate cake. Twenty minutes after my food arrived, the couple who ordered five minutes after me had still not received their meal. They were still waiting when I left. I honestly considered skipping out on the bill the service and ambiance were so bad. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place - not that it's likely to last all that long.
4 I really enjoyed my meal - angus burger with blue cheese and grilled onions.  The burger was seasoned well.  The whole wheat bun was soft.  There was a nice side of onions, tomato slices, and lettuce.  Plenty of condiments at the table so I could dress the burger just the way I wanted.  I was in a party of nine.  Seven of us had angus burgers.  No complaints.  One had the tuna burger.  She's usually the first to complain but liked it very much.  One had the lamb burger.  He raved about it.  I hear what folks are saying about the skinny fries and thick fries.  The skinny fries *are* like shoestring.  The thick fries are regular fries.  The frying oil was dirty because they were too dark.  A burger joint should have excellent fries - these were not!  Our server was outgoing and personable.  He would have seemed like a smart a** if I had been in a bad mood.  For example, he would reply, "No," about half the time to a request for a beverage refill or the like.  He was teasing but that might not go over with some people.    I thought the pricing ($10 for the basic burger plus $5 for the blue cheese and grilled onions) was justified.  I really enjoyed the burger.  The decor inside the restaurant doesn't really seem like a burger place.  It's kind of shi-shi.  It "feels" like an upscale Italian place.  Not that I need to see a jukebox and photos of 1950s cars, but it has big columns and a ceiling that is faux painted to resemble a sunset.
1 Awful service, burgers are decent, but for $10 for a plain burger it is just not worth it. Our server did not introduce himself, took our orders and disappeared until our food came out, then disappeared again. Did not even see if we were doing ok or needed anything (we did, but never got it). Had to hunt him down for the check which took another 20 minutes. There were maybe 4 other tables there and at least 2 other servers milling about. The burgers themselves are pretty dry and not great quality considering it's supposed to be angus beef. Fries were not good at all. No flavor and tasted burned. Don't waste your time unless you want to be ignored by your server and want a mediocre burger.
1 We had the burgers and the nachos both were just mediocre. I expected much more from the way the place looked and the prices. Service was just ok our drinks remained empty for most of the meal.
3 This is probably the best value for a burger in a hotel in Vegas. The beef burger starts at $10 and some toppings are extra. I particularly enjoyed the hotwings sauce as a burger topping - amazing! There are usually seats here during the lunch hours. I highly recommend trying the fries (thin cut and crispy) and the deep fried pickles. Great spot to go with coworkers if you're at the LVH for a convention.
2 I was in Las Vegas for a business meeting and stayed at LVH. Rather than go to the luncheon at the Convention Center we took a client to Burger Bistro.   They were so Unprepared for a Large number of people. There were a lot of empty tables but not enough wait staff so they stopped seating people. There was a very long line of people waiting to be seated.  So we waited. Went to the bar to order soda the bartender was on the phone totally ignoring me. Finally he asked what I'd like - gave him my order and he says "we'll you know I'm going to have to charge you for these". Hello???   I told him I didn't expect them for free and of course I would pay.  Sad thing is that we are in the travel  business and in a position to direct (or not) clients to this restaurant.   When you are a major hotel adjacent to the convention center you would think management would beef up staff when a large group (6000+) is in town.   So two days later we decided to chance it again with another client. It seemed like they had more staff and we were seated rather quickly. The lamb burger was great but the menu says choice of wheat or brioche and they don't ask which you want so be sure to specify. At the convention we are on a tight schedule and this restaurant is convenient but they need to do a much better job of being prepared when conventions are in town.
2 I join my fellow foodies in rating the establishment a 2 star without even having dined there. My bride and I waited 40+ minutes for a table. It was not until the manager came and visited us in the waiting area did we have some understanding what the problem was. Turns out there was a plumbing problem in the kitchen. Why would the hostess not share this fact when our name was put on a waiting list? And why would anyone be interested in waiting until the "plumbing problem" was fixed before the wait staff submitted an order for everyone who is waiting for a meal. Not us.
1 I agree with the reviewers that mentioned that they don't seem prepared for large groups... that's interesting since they are basically the first, and closest (very close) restaurant near the conference rooms. The LVH has a huge conference area. My conference had 1500 people registered, all letting out for lunch around the same time and they couldn't sit the first 15 people who were in line. They kept saying "we are running behind". There were open seats everywhere. I waited (table of 1) for over 40 min, even though I asked to just sit at the bar, they sat me in the dining room. I had only 20 minutes left until the conference started again. I waited 10 min., no one asked me if I wanted something to drink... nothing. I walked out. Today, as I walked by I heard people saying the same thing. If huge crowds packed the place, I could understand, but when there is a conference.... have servers, seat people, don't allow empty tables to sit for 40 min.... disappointing!
2 Well, it was barely okay.  The fries were the only good part.  All the beer is in bottles, they have no wine list (but pointed to five bottles on the counter to choose from).  I had the sliders and a side of truffle fries.  The patty size on the sliders was almost funny.  They were tiny even on a slider bun.  As I said, the fries were good, but that was about it.
1 ZERO STARS!!! Okay let me start by saying it looked promising when we walked in this afternoon for lunch, but later found that this truly was the worst place in Las Vegas as other comments have mentioned. We arrived at noon and there were only three table with two people at each. FORTY MINUTES WENT BY BEFORE WE LEFT BECAUSE THE SERVER NEVER CAME OUT. There were three or four workers plus a lady manager. I had spoke with her once about the not receiving any service at all in a completely empty restaurant.  They would receive ZERO STARS. The LVH should be embarrassed to house this establishment in there facility!!! Have a good week and stay clear of this turd. It needs new management as well as every server. We even tried to speak with the manager regarding having no service and did not care. She stood in the dining room the entire time gossiping with her staff within our visual sight. Please do us a favor and close the doors for good to the Burger Bistro...  TJ Steak house on the other hand is a 5/5 and worth the money!
5 My wife and I dined here last Sunday, and I was concerned after reading some of the reviews on here, but it turned out to be great!  From the warm welcome the hostess greeted us with, to our knowledgable server, to the quick service, we were impressed.  We both ordered the Angus burger, she had American cheese, bacon and grilled onions. I had Swiss cheese and portobello mushrooms. And we got the garlic Parmesan fries.    The burgers were perfectly cooked to order and juicy, topped with plenty of what we ordered, and the fries were addictive!  We will be returning here soon!
2 Good ahi burger... not a bad hamburger
2 Their veggie burger is no good!  Don't be fooled by the decor. Sure it looks nice but the food isn't that great at all! overpriced and underwhelmed.
3 I cant believe this restaurant has so many reviews lower than three stars.    It wasn't my all time favorite burger joint, no, but it was not at all bad.    I ordered a medium rare burger cooked to perfection on a brioche bun with crab, prosciutto, avocado, bacon, brie cheese and a foie gras/apple topping that was to die for.    Had both the skinny and fat fries and both were good. They came with a few sauces by request: ketchup, ranch dressing, garlic aioli, curry ketchup and a funky western style horseradish sauce.    All things considered, I had a great meal.
4 My husband and I were staying at the LVH  in September 2013 and wanted a quick and easy dinner.  The service was exceptionally friendly, if just a tiny bit slow. (it happens, waiters get busy) However, we were happy and not the least bit bothered.  My husband enjoyed his beer.  I enjoyed my wine....and ......The burgers were AMAZING, and the special fries as well as the MAC and CHEESE were to die for.  Dollar for Dollar, a great deal!
1 I've never had to wait 10 minutes to be asked what I would like to drink. Server wasn't very courteous (not to be mistaken with rude): tossing straws, speaks a bit short and took her forever to come over to ask us what we want to eat. Took 15 minutes for the mac & cheese and chili bowl to arrive. The instant Mac&cheese from kraft tastes WAY better and the chili was okay. The burger was okay, the meat was pretty dry. They need a whole makeover, Gordan Ramsey should put this place in Kitchen Nightmares.
2 I see why this place is a 2! The service was slow and the angus burger is just ok. The meat is bland and tough. The jalapeño popers were delish and the parm cheese fires are good too. Bad service can really ruin a good meal!
2 A little burger joint inside LVH. Came to grab just a small snack before a big dinner.   Dad ordered some wings, mom ordered fries, and I ordered this Asian salad with noodles.   My mom's fries were really warm, actually a little gross warm, and when we called over the waiter, before even saying anything, he says, "Are the fries warm? Let me go get you another batch." o.O If you knew the fries were going to be warm, why would you serve them! Lol.   My salad was actually not bad at all. It was more of a cold noodle dish than anything.
5 Lamb Burger with Mint Jelly perfectly medium as ordered, with Truffle infused french fries were heavenly. The value, quality, and unique menu items puts this at a fair 5 stars for what's offered.
1 Very unprofessional staff, poor management. They served my fries 20 min after my burger all cold.
4 My wife and I stopped in for a quick meal after arriving in Vegas for a late anniversary get away. It was a very nice atmosphere.  The hostess was e extremely pleasant. I had the Chilli a onion rings. My wife wanted soup but unfortunately they did not offer any type soup. I think that would be a great addition to their menu  if tbey added soup. The great part of this visit the waitress actually went next door to Paradise and ordered lobster bisque for my wife. That is what I call service. She stated that because they weren't busy she was able to do that. That was really sweet of her.
2 This little burger place inside the LVH (where I stayed while at a convention) has a decent burger that is huge. I had the lamb burger. Not sure it was really lamb, but it was tasty. Here's the problem: the staff is incredibly rude!  Especially the hostess who was so unwelcoming, and never smiles, ever. Even though they aren't busy, they make you wait outside for about ten minutes. This seems perfunctory as every guest had to do this prior to entering. And, they aren't nice about it. One lady actually walked in without waiting and wanted take out and was told that they "don't do takeout when it's busy," in the rudest way possible.  This place is expensive, too. My lamb burger was $11. They charge extra for any toppings (cheese,etc) and there is no side included. I won't be back here despite the good burger.
2 Overpriced and way under par for trying to sell "gourmet burgers". There is only one choice for a traditional burger, toppings cost extra. All I'm trying to say is $20 for a burger, onion rings, and a tea should taste ASSAYS better. I know I've cooked better burgers at home. Only thing this place has going for it is good service and a neat ambience.
1 The greeter at the door was so rude tonight we left!! I would assume the wait staff treats you the same!! If you don't like your job do n't take it out on your customers. And everyone said the service sucked 9 months ago well it still does. Evidently management is afraid to fire crappy employees.
3 The bistro was a nice spot inside the of so artfully named changed LVH hotel. The hotel that's a different review but the burger bistro.... well our food was really good. The burger was delicious. Great meat portion, cooked perfectly, seasoned well and fresh. The parmesan fries were tasty too. The salad for the price could have been better, the lettuce wasn't as fresh as it could have been while the burger lettuce was superb. The highlight of our visit was the waiter Roger! Roger gave incredible customer service unlike the hostess who was a part time Brigette Nelson ( the old crack head version ) look a like. Hahaha anyway if you're there it's better than waiting for expensive Benihana, it's so not worth the wait.
1 Would not recommend.   Went when it was not that busy. About 7pm on a Thursday night. Less than half full.   The lady who filled our water looked like she wanted to kill the first baby she could get her hands on. I've never in my life watched somebody kick a cup along the floor, instead of bending over to pick it up.   We waited more than 25 minutes before our drinks were ordered, and that was only after I got up to find our waitress. Not wanting to wait longer for our food order, we ordered our dinner right then.   Food was okay. Nothing special, but not bad.   Once it was dropped off at the table, that was the last we saw of the server. Nobody came around to ask if everything was good, if we needed anything, or even to refill the water.   We finished, and waited 20 minutes. Tables around us that had finished earlier sat around full of empty plates and glasses. Dinner room looked like a bomb had gone off. Nobody came to clean them up. Finally, sick of waiting, I again got up to track down some help to pay the bill.   As we left, there was a large group of kids and adults in line outside waiting to get in, too bad the empty tables had been sitting full of dishes for half an hour, they all could have been sitting at a table, waiting for service by now instead of standing outside.   I smiled on the way out, as I thought of the world of hurt everybody was in for.
1 I came in a group during a busy time and the restaurant looked like it was having a hard time outputting good quality food at higher quantities. Our burgers took a long time to come out and the meat was still raw inside! The only good things were the fries and the portion size of the burger (it was huge). My burger was really tasteless overall and I felt like I could have done better making the burger myself at home. The waitress we had was just okay too. She was overwhelmed with the amount of customers and had one of our orders wrong. I would only eat here if I really had nothing else to choose.
1 Poor greeting at the front, we waited and waited for our server, and am starving waiting and waiting for the food. Hope the food is good. Update: requested burger medium well; it was medium. Fries were cold. Based on attitude, server was having a very bad day.
3 I enjoyed my crab burger and would recommend that. Be prepared to pay extra for any toppings aside from lettuce, tomato and onion. That includes cheese. French fries are also sold separately. The interior of the restaurant looks nice and is comfortable. Service was fine, we didn't have any issues.
4 I don't see where the negative reviews are coming from.  I ordered the burger with brie and bacon, my wife ordered it with foie gras and bacon, and my son had the lamb burger.  We sided it with the fried pickles and both the Parmesan/garlic and the truffle fries.  We all like our burgers medium rare, and they all came out perfectly cooked and very tasty.
3 Large sized burger for a moderately expensive price. 10$ for a basic burger with additions starting at 2$ going up to 5$. Fries are extra and cost 5$, and aren't that great. Expect to drop 15-25$ per person depending on how boring you want your burger. I had guac added and my burger tasted great.
2 Happened to be in the LVH around lunch time and decided to give this place a try.  The menu looked good and they had a lot of different burger options (lamb, tuna, veggie, etc.).  Our server was pretty mediocre and didn't come across as if he cared about anything.  He wasn't necessarily rude but he did a bunch of smaller things like pour water sloppily spilling it over the table, didn't utter a word, only stopped by once or twice - just a very disinterested attitude.  None of this would be a big deal if the food was good but unfortunately it was not.  The mac & cheese tasted like it was from a box.  The fries had absolutely 0 seasoning.  The burger I had  was OK - think 3 stars.  You can get an average to slightly above average burger here if you add some of the unique toppings but the whole experience with waiter, garbage side dishes and of course the Vegas pricepoint drop this place down to 2 stars from 3 for me.
1 Awful. Bad food. Chicken wings came out bloody. I was never asked how O wanted my burger. They just brought it to me. Food is pre-made somewhere else. We had to flag down server for refills or just to notice us at all. Never eat here. You will regret it.
1 Walked out last night. Got seated right away, but no server come to the table and we left.  The guy next to us just got his water after waiting a lengthy period of time and was not happy. Two tables down the family returned fries because they were cold.   Not good.
