5 I couldn't have picked a better photographer for my wedding. I would recommend Adam to everyone getting married. He's AMAZING! He is so easy going and so great at what he does. He took many amazing shots and edited a few to make them look even more stunning. I had people commenting that my photos looked photoshoped and they couldn't believe these were real photos. I will add a couple to the photos above. It rained on my wedding day and the pictures STILL turned out great, but because of the rain, Adam offered to come back another day to take more and do wreck the dress like we were planning on doing as well.  He didn't charge me any extra on top of his unbeatable prices to come a second day and he was fabulous! Please don't let his low prices fool you... he will give you top quality photos.
5 Excellent photographer.  Great to work with.  Adam is not going to be in your face.  He is welcome to you creative direction.  Easy going and SUPER affordable.  As I think it is with all photographer... expect to wait a while for your wedding photos.  That is not terribly out of the ordinary, but I did manage to get a few just to post on fb and frame!  What makes him a five star?  You can't beat the prices for that kind of work.  Great concept not to take a loan for some pictures! It's RIDICULOUS what some people charge.
1 I hired brooks photography to shoot my wedding on June 9th 2013. I thought they were great the day of my wedding...they were on time, professional and flexible. My nightmare started once it was time to receive their work. It has been nearly 5 months since my wedding and I have not received any prints, cds, photobooks or anything that was promised in the contract that was signed. I have called several times and left many messages simply for a status and I have not had any response from this business since August. I moved out of the state and I have not had the opportunity to send my family who was unable to attend a photo. Please save your money and go with a photographer that believes on delivering on what they promise or keeping their clients informed regarding delays. I am truly disgusted that someone would take money for a service and not find it important to give the client what they paid for. I am now forced to fly to San Diego to proceed with small claims court to recover my money back since apparently I will never receive any photographs or an update. The status (which woukd be sufficient). I have given the owner of this business every opportunity to make this right but he refuses to correspond. For those who had positive experiences I am glad you did and hope that my situation is not the norm.
5 From start to finish, I was extremely happy with Brooks photography.  Adam started with our engagement photos in three different location.  So much fun and very patient with us.  Was an amazing day...... the pictures were perfect and was to us in a timely manner. Wedding day again Adam and his staff came through.  Instead of 2 photographers and an assistant, he added an additional photographer and no extra cost.  From the moment they arrived till clean up, they worked there asses off.  We, my wife and I are extremely pleased and satisfied with all pictures taken.   Pricing was awesome.  We shopped with several other photographers and Adam just seemed liked the one for us.   "I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BROOKS PHOTOGRAPHY".
5 Fun and professional. Adam loves what he does and he's great at it. BEST prices in San Diego (there is no way you will get this kind of quality photography for less). I had to re-plan our wedding in only a months time and was delighted to meet Adam at a bridal bazar. His prices were 1/5 what I had seen through many other local photographers, and I liked the work of his that I saw as well as his personality. I was relieved that we could have everything I needed and wanted within our budget (we didn't think we could afford having more than one photographer at our event). He even offered to do a 45 minute test shoot for free so we could be sure we liked his style and could communicate together to get what we wanted! Our pics were ready in about a month, and we got EVERY SINGLE ONE on CD. It was included in our package! By not overcharging for every little thing (I worked with a photographer who charged $100+ PER FILE for digital images!) we can now order bunches of pictures for ourselves and our loved ones! Super happy with our photos and our experience :)
1 One word comes to mind when I think of Adam Brooks... "Unprofessional!"   I had the exact same experience as "Lakedra m". We hired him to shoot our wedding last fall (October 2013). He seemed like a really nice guy when I met him but he turned out to be such a horrendous person to deal with after the wedding. He did not follow through with his timeline on when he would upload pictures to his website or provide prints (if you deny this, Adam, I will gladly upload the original timeline & emails). I had to send a few nasty emails to get a response from him (I gave him a week or 2 to respond), actually his assistant responded (different one every time), and he never once apologized for his lack of professionalism. After a few months, he finally uploaded all the pictures (unedited..wt#!@ was he doing for so long) to his website. It took a few more months to receive my prints, photo book, and video (picture collage), which I received separately and he had to replace the 8x10 pictures because he didn't review the originals before sending them so I had to tell him that my husband's head was cut off on one of the pictures.    Aside from all the frustration, overall I was not completely satisfied with his work. He lacks creativity and professionalism. We took pictures at Balboa Park and I have about 3 pictures total that I like (family & friends took better poses/pictures). Adam and his assistant took the same pictures but different sides, personally I don't care for the side view I prefer the front view. Most of the ceremony and reception pictures were taken by Derek (awesome assistant), Adam didn't do anything and the few pictures he took were mediocre. The prints were nice quality but the photobook is garbage (Costco has better quality). I came out orange on all the pictures in the photo book and the video (picture collage) was standard (not impressed...can't believe I had to wait 7 months for that).   Overall ladies, hire a professional and do your research on the photographer! I don't have pictures of all my guest :( I told Adam I wanted table shoots of guest and family/friends group portraits taken during reception and he didn't take them! (Adam, it's on the check off list that we reviewed before the wedding..i'll gladly upload it) It's your wedding so don't sell yourself short. You may contact me if you'd like to see his poor quality work......Adam, if you have the audacity to deny any of this, I kept every email, text message, document provided, and receipts to prove it!
5 Words can't even describe how happy we are with ThisIsItPhotography!   We used Marc & Phoebe for our wedding on May 31, 2014,   Both were one word...AMAZING!   Best of the best!   Both were professional, fun, thorough, and made it a top notch experience.   Looking at the photos, their coverage was on point capturing every shot we requested and he was incredibly patient with everything.  Everyone commented that the photographers were out of this world, amazing!  So happy my mom recommended them, and we would easily recommend them to anyone needing any photography needs.  You can easily see that they  love photography. It was such a pleasure as they also did our engagement shoot.  Thank you Marc & Phoebe if anyone deserves 5 stars its you guys!
