5 Came here! great delicious Food/ burritos! Very Clean atmosphere, great for a date, or eat Alone. Enjoy
4 I've eaten at this Chipotle way more times than I would like to admit in the short time that it has been open.  It's the perfect quick and affordable meal before hitting up a game or event at the Arena.  The quality of the food and the service is as good as any Chipotle.  I'm really impressed with the facelift they have given to the space.  The old attendant, Moe's, had a very similar concept to Chipotle.  Chipotle could have been lazy and just slapped a new coat of paint on the walls, instead they redesigned the layout, and created the much more modern and inviting look that their restaurants are known for.
5 Stopped in last night and as usual the service was amazing! The staff here is always fast and they don't skimp on the food. Other locations I can practically see the bottom of the bowl.
5 Love the tacos here. Can't beat it for fast food.
5 A staple for me.  I found this place right across the street from the Cardinal Stadium.  We were working an event there and needed some lunch but the food at the stadium was, well, stadium food.  Chipotle to the rescue!  I love the fresh corn they have.  Here is a tip; raw corn counts as a vegetable.  Cooked corn counts as a starch.  Chipotle serves it raw. It adds a sweet flavor to the food with great texture.
5 So happy that they have this location so close to Westgate now. Everything is great about it! I love getting a bowl and dipping the tortilla chips in it! My daugther loves the kids quesdilla.
4 This place was the same as virtually all the other Chipotle's I have visited (outside of the first ever - that is an odd place!)  They have Margarita's here (still never tried those) & some outdoor seating - which much come in handy October-March ;-)
2 Don't go during lunch time you WON'T get the amount that your paying for!
5 I have ate here on a daily basis for more than 6 months now and have received extraordinary service each time. The staff is fast and friendly. I'm lucky to have such a great place to each lunch so close to work.
1 Poor service with attitude.  How do you not have Avacodo  and telling everyone they have to 15 minutes with a attitude.  Recommend going to another location!!
4 Chipotle is Chipotle is Chipotle. Love the outdoor seating, the margarita options, and the fast, friendly service. It is a great location at Westgate and while others are fighting for a seat at the regular sit down restaurants, you can count on quality, consistent food at reasonable prices at this Chipotle location.
5 Chipotle is AMAZING!! The guacamole is always fresh and delicious! The line is always long but it does move fast! The only thing that holds up the line is when people call in to go orders, the the line completely stops to make the to go order. Other than that I could eat there everyday!
3 Pretty good for a fast food mexican place. Chipotle has minimal options when it comes to food. There is never as much people as other restaurants near by. The food quality isn't that good but what do you expect from a non-authentic fast food mexican place?
