4 This is pretty much my go-to shoe shop. Get the free membership card, especially if you buy shoes more than 3x a year. Our family of three uses this card, and we don't buy shoes often, except the kid who changes size once or twice a year! They have all the latest styles, which honestly, I care not. I love time less styles, and they have those too, like oldschool chucks and vans. My fav thing here is the clearance rack and the ability to order site-to-store. So if something you want is out in your size or color, just order it to arrive at your local store for free!
1 FYI: I selected 1 star because that is mandatory in order to post a review. ZERO STAR for this store    I went to this location in Boca Park to return a pair of shoes I bought at a different store and the cashier was rude and apparently upset that I was returning something, I heard her saying something to another associate there so I asked her if something was wrong but she denied everything, I was planning on shopping for something else but after her comments and her sour face I asked for my money back. That was my 2nd visit at a Famous Footwear store and my last...
3 Seems that everything was priced extremely high on this visit.
3 This place can be hit and miss, on availability of shoes. It's more expensive than the outlets but cheaper than the mall stores. I've found if you come during sales you can get a really good bargain. Last week I came because the kids shoes were on sale, by 6 bucks but where buy one pair get the other 50 percent off.   The store is always clean, organized and stocked with employees willing to help.   I really enjoy their app and the rewards point system. You get 40 just for providing your email. Within six months I was able to earn a 15 dollar gift card. I'm a cheap regular for grazing the clearance section to buy for the next season. Right now is the perfect time to stock up on winter boots. It's not like your foot is going to grow right?!
4 Shoe shopping?  I'm in! It was actually my husbands suggestion to go get new shoes.  Even though it was for him, I was going to enjoy the moment!  This location is tucked away in the strip mall by Target.  It was pretty easy to find since the signage is pretty large.  It wasn't too busy for a Friday morning.  The store was clean and well organized.  I was able to shop and browse the wide variety of women's shoes with ease.  The layout has the tennis shoes along the sides with everything else in the middle.   Yep... easy! I quickly found something that suited me and shockingly quicker than my husband.  The men's side is also set up the same way with the tennis shoes along the sides.    Checking out was also very quick and easy.  The sales associate helping us was friendly and personable.  They do have a rewards card that is free to sign up for.  Since I forgot mine at home, she was able to find my info in the computer.  Thanks!    Overall I had a good experience with this store and wouldn't hesitate to stop back in.  I can't resist shoe shopping!
2 I like walking around and looking at the shoes but it's like going into a restaurant with your jaws wired shut.  I wear a 10.5W and usually end up in an 11.  No 11s.  No wides.  I actually have better luck finding stylish wider shoes at Macy's and Dillars.  (dillards has a store brand that runs wide and comes in 11s)  I won't ever buy from Zappos again because of their discriminatory hiring practices so I'm saving tons of money by NOT being able to find my size and style.  (OK... so I thinned down my shoe collection from 120 to about 40 so I really don't *need* any more shoes!)
1 If you're looking for over priced shoes in tiny sizes then this is the store for you! No slip resistant work shoes for under $70 or in larger sizes.
