5 Wow, charcuterie and craft beer - my absolutely favourite combination.  Add that it's pretty much on my doorstep and you have the perfect storm of brilliance.  Friendly staff, nice layout.  This new bar - taking over the space once occupied by Cafe Fish - moves straight to the top of the Leith bar charts for me, and possibly the Edinburgh bar chart, certainly competes favourably with the Hanging Bat, Holyrood 9A, Brewdog etc.  A final benefit is being right next door to the Scotch Malt Whisky Society at the Vaults.
4 A great new place in Leith - lots of beers, and fantastic food, including lots of charcuterie platter options.  It's not really somewhere I'd just go for a beer, it's pretty much set up for eating, but it's great for an evening with friends.
5 I don't venture to Leith very often but this is one of my best recent finds.  Recently opened where Cafe Fish used to be, The Vintage is not just any bar.  Not only they offer a fine range range of craft beers, but they also offer a range of pretty amazing charcuteries. I mean OMG!  Definitely worth going all the way across town!
5 Charcuterie is a godsend.. and when you're serving it up, it's pretty much impossible to mess up. I love that, because you can always expect it to be consistently good!!!  Yesterday my friend and I went to the vintage and REALLY enjoyed the charcuterie options - they have some great stuff! Expect to find options like rabbit, mutton, venison, pig cheeks, etc. Definitely worth trying out even as an appetizer before heading someplace else.   Its refreshing to see a restaurant open up that focuses on something that isn't offered in the rest of Edinburgh. Definitely worth a try if you like your cured meats!
4 This new bar on Henderson Street in Leith opened just over a month ago, and when I heard recommendations of their charcuterie platters, I knew I had to go there...  Last Friday the place was packed and our party of 3 couldn't get a table, so I thought a midweek visit might be better. I called in to book a table, just in case, and I was told they had a problem with gas that day so could only do cold charcuterie, no hot options. This was not a problem as this is what I was after anyway. Oh, and the cider too :)  You can order a small, medium or large platter from the 'grazing menu'. The small being 2 options, medium 4 choices and so on.  We went for the medium platter and chose hot-smoked pigs cheeks, smoked duck breast, spiced walnut salami and pastrami.  Drinks were a bottle of Dunkertons Black Fox Cider and a bottle of Kwak beer.   The platter arrived and it looked very appetising. Sourdough and brown bread with butter accompanied the charcuterie, along with chutney and 'sauce gribiche' which tasted a bit like tartare sauce. Perhaps it is the same thing?  ;) I have never heard of sauce gribiche so don't know for sure.   Everything was delicious. The pigs cheeks looked like bacon rashers, and they were tasty. The cider was really good - deceptively light tasting, which means you might casually order another 500ml bottle - it being actually 7.0%.  The bill for a medium platter and 2 drinks came to about £25, which for me felt a little bit expensive - but then I cannot fault anything I ate or drank! Also as a voucher queen I am probably not used to paying total price at any establishment these days :)  Nice food and drink. All in all recommended.
4 Finally we were able to eat here to sample the 'Scottish Tapas' - grazing menu. I was looking forward to this so much and after trying several times (and being told it was too busy) we booked a table to ensure seating.   I was wanting to eat their rabbit - however they had a problem during the day with their gas supply and that was not available (as it required long stewing). Everything else was available though.  We had salami, pastrami, pig's cheek and duck.   I looked over their elaborate and exclusive beer offerings and decided on a Kwak.  Shame that this wasn't served in the bocal and wooden stand I know this beer should be served in, but it was still great that it was available!   The service was brilliant and they wanted to ensure we were comfortable.  Tuesday's early evening are not the busiest (that is fine) and I was able to take in the place a bit better.  My only gripe is that there is no comfortable seating, it is all bierhalle type of seating. There is a 2 seater chesterfield, but that is it for comfort.   I would have liked this place to be a relaxing hideout, reading a book or using my tablet whilst grazing on their wonderful foods and sampling Europe finest beers.  We are voucher King & Queen and this time we didn't have any, thus we were a bit taken a back by the bill which came to £25 (* 4 grazing dishes, a cider and a beer). Is that what people pay for food these days?   Good experience and with a group of friends it would be a nice way to spend an early evening midweek. As a couple dining not so much.   3 stars + 1 for being different and products available.
4 I'd been meaning to try The Vintage since it opened up a couple of months ago - but my boyfriend was less keen as the name screams hipster. However after a walk in the sun on Saturday evening we ended up stopping by for a drink. The interior is rather lovely, and the staff are smartly dressed but without there being any air of pretention.  Now admittedly most of the clientele were twenty years older than us, so we did feel a little out of place, but generally it was very nice. The drinks list is immense, so many beers! I had their guest cider, and my boyfriend had a Kraken rum, one of his favourites and surprisingly very reasonably priced, followed by a delicious porter recommended by the barman. We'd have liked to have stayed and tried some of the famous charcuterie but the place was packed - standing room only at the bar if you hadn't reserved a table. It's a shame, but I think we'll be back - possibly with parents in tow so we don't feel quite so young!
5 Now becoming a firm favourite of mine, I would go here for the spreadable chorizo alone! The Vintage serves up a delectable charcuterie spread for meat lovers (do note Veggies, that the artichokes are highly tasty too) a dizzying array of craft beers in 2/3 pints and a healthy selection of wines by the glass.  Their sunday roasts are delish and the brunch options make my mouth water.  The staff are supremely efficient folk, with smiles for everyone and its a joint where children & dogs are most welcome.  My friends and I love it here because it has a lovely relaxed but upbeat vibe and its great for after-work drinks on a Friday (but be warned, its always packed).  You will not be disappointed. Go now!
4 If your looking to categorise this wonderful establishment then I would file it under the 'gastro pub' banner.  I've now been twice, first for food (thinking initially it edged more towards being a restaurant) as part of friends birthday gathering, and a second time for drinks only, strangely again as part of another friend's (different group this time) birthday.  Hmmm, maybe we could also file The Vintage in the '30 something's trendy birthday hangout' category too??...  Nonetheless, each time I've been impressed, both by the food on offer and by the selection of varying types of ales, lagers, stout and cider that they have too.. Haven't yet delved into the wine list....maybe there is room for a third trip soon perhaps?!...  The charcuterie menu is, as mentioned before, a great option if you feel like just grazing away whilst having a glass of beer or three.  Grab yourself a trendy steel bar stool, pull yourself up to the bar, run your hand over the fine chunky wooden bar top, and order yourself a sausage or two from the menu, crikey where am i going with this!?  Anyhow, what I'm saying is you'll enjoy sitting at the bar doing this just as much as you will diving in to a three course meal with all the trimmings at a private table (mixed table with chairs / table with benches are available too).  The charcuterie options are mouth watering (both meat and fishy, with some veggie options too). I chose a starter of two selections - fennel infused salami and a smoked haddock pâté spread served with chunky bread, each great, followed by a hearty steak with roast tatties and veg - cooked, medium rare to perfection, lovely!  Now back to the beers, served in small glasses or schooners (2/3 pint) The Vintage claim the schooner sized glass to be the best way to serve a beer/ale/cider.  Pretentious maybe in the view of some, but I somehow sort of agree after initially thinking it might have just been a way to eek a penny or two more out of me for a less amount of beer?!  This is coming from a guy who perhaps doesn't down his beer as quickly as others - it means the last of your beer isn't warm and flat by the time you get close to the bottom of the glass.  It also helped me keep control on some of those 6.5% beers on offer!  Four stars easily, possibly five but our bill at the end each time was edging on the slightly expensive side, however it still affords a great review as the selection on offer, both food and drink, is refreshing.    Lastly, this place place fills quickly at weekends, we booked a table each time we went - full each time. Best advised to do so on Friday / Saturday evenings.  Just until those trendy 30 something birthday honchos find a new cool hangout in town....
3 Another bar serving nothing larger than two thirds of a pint on draught. Still not a fan of that option myself but there are a good number of taps & options. Service-wise certainly no complaints. Reserving further judgement for when I get round to trying their food.
4 I was here for a friends birthday (about 12 people) and the place was very busy. Somehow that didn't seem to detract from the decent service we received and the quality of the charcuterie and bites they serve.   All-in-all I liked the atmosphere here, the staff were very pleasant, friendly and accommodating and the food was definitely on the edge of quirky and very tasty! I have to recommend the spreadable Chorizo...lush. The bread was a wee bit weird for me (had a ginger element to it) but my other half loved it.   They've hit the nail on the head with their wine selection. Very good. I didn't have the chance to try their beers but if as much thought went into that selection as everything else I doubt I would have any qualms.   Top Notch guys.
4 I've never had charcuterie before so heading to The Vintage for Robyn Zs birthday was a great opportunity to try it for the first time.   It was a little difficult to find the place the first time we came here. The not so helpful comment that it was 'across from Sofi's had us looking in the wrong place. It's actually a bit further up the road from Sofi's with a very understated building. (Though it does have a revolving door which is pretty cool.) Inside is very light and has a nice blend of light woods and burnished metals for the decor.  The charcuterie allows you to choose a bunch of really yummy sounding smaller dishes that you can have together with bread. Really only wanting something light I plumped for the humus of the day (which was lemon and cummin and it was YUMMY), some olives, hot-smoked salmon and some pastrami. It was all served with bread to accompany which made it a nice portion size. The food itself was delicious and all complimented each other fantastically.   A draw back to dining here is that is is on the pricey side, especially the drinks. Being the designated driver that night it didn't hit me so hard but others commented on how expensive it was.  Great place to come for food with a few drinks, not great if you just want the drinks...
4 I'd heard of The Vintage's charcuterie platters, promising venison and goat and duck and all manner of delights; and what was on offer even exceeded my original excited expectations.  I came here for a large group birthday meal, at least 12 - 14 of us around a large table. All ordering individual drinks and charcutterie platters at different times. This didn't phase the staff in the slightest, and throughout the whole evening the staff were lovely, kind and even just made a joke about us all paying individually at the end (this must have taken 20 minutes total) but were ever smiling and attentive.  The charcutterie selection is really quite big. Spreadable chorizo, goats leg, three types of salmon (smoked, vodka smoked, hot smoked). I went for the vodka smoked salmon and the goats cheese, tomato and olive roulade. The roulade was really delicous, lightly tasting of goats cheese and a generous serving. The salmon was also delicious. And the cheddar creme brulee I got to try from a friends platter was very strong, unusual but also delicious. Ample bread so eat all of these on too. Perfect.  I also tried a smoked vodka, as recommended by the waitress. I only had 2, and when I paid it came to £12, for 2 vodka tonics. I was really quite surprised and stung by this. £12 for two drinks! More fool for me for not asking or checking the price of the vodka, but that is just really quite steep.  As Kelly F has said in her review, it's perhaps a better place to come for some nice food and a lingering drink (and I'm sure the beer is cheaper). Not so much for lots and lots of spirit based drinks.   It is out the way for me, as most things in Leith are, but the food really was great and the charcuterie a great way to test it out. Next time I'll return on a Sunday afternoon for a nice big meal. And none of the vodka.
4 planning myself a wee belated birthday celebration i knew there was one place i wanted to go, The Vintage.  still only recently opened i hadn't managed to find a reason to go yet which was rather sad, but quickly fixed with my visit this past saturday night.  i already had a pretty good feeling about this place after phoning to book a table on the monday.  when i said my booking was for 16 people they were immediately happy to accomodate the large party.  in fact i got a phone call on saturday afternoon from Duncan to ask me if we were all coming for a meal or mostly drinks.  he explained that there was only one table they could fit us at, but it might be a bit of a squeeze if we were all planning to eat at the same time.  i explained that wasn't likely the case and people would likely be arriving at different times.  he was happy with this and said that if we wanted he could also try to reserve a small table next to the large one in case we needed extra space.  A+ customer service before i even walked in the door!!  a small group of us arrived just after 7pm and were shown to the table.  Duncan also very kindly introduced himself and said to just let them know when we wanted food menus and if there was anything else they could do.  the staff were all equally as friendly as Duncan was which made for a really pleasant night since people arrived at different times and choose to eat at different times as well.  but the staff were more than happy to accomodate and made sure to keep drinks topped up as they were finished.  one of the main reasons i'd chosen The Vintage was to try their charcuertrie boards, which i can confirm did not disappoint.  they have a massive list of options so you can personalise your board in whichever way you want.  i'd had a late lunch so a few grazing options was just perfect for me.  i had the vension salami, the tomato and olive goats cheese roulade, and the spreadable chorizo.  this also came with a tomato chutney, another dipping sauce i'm still unsure of, a good portion of fresh bread, and gerkhins.  all my food choices were really tasty, especially the goat's cheese which went very well with the chorizo.  i only wish there had been extra gerkhins as those things are delicious!  i also tried some of my friend's hummus and a bit of the boyfriend's air dried mutton and wild boar salami.  all extremely tasty.  so i'm definitely a fan!  the only draw back i found was that the drinks here are a bit pricey.  more george street prices than leith prices, which isn't great when you're looking to have a few drinks and not a meal.  however the food was reasonably priced, the atmosphere was great, and the staff were super friendly so slightly pricey drinks won't keep me away.  i'll just have to savour my wine a bit more as i enjoy my food :)
4 I really liked the relaxed atmosphere of The Vintage. The whole area was open plan, so their was no divide between the pub and restaurant section. The service we recieved was spot on an were greeted at the door by one of the waiters and we were promptly taken to our seats. We ordered alot of food and we decided to choose a sharing platter and has lots of diffrerent dishes, pigs cheeks, pig neck, salami, and the chorizo spead was a favourite of roberts! The only thing i would say is that the portions were a little on the small side. We ordered quite a bit and even had a desert ( which was also very yum) but i still think they could be a bit more generous. A fantastic selection of beers!
4 The Vintage honestly doesn't need any more glowing reviews, but hey ho. Obviously I'd heard the stories - tales of exotic beers and platters of sumptuous charcuterie - but the whole thing really exceeded my expectations.  On my first visit, I made the mistake of getting a plate of sliced meats and chargrilled veg as a starter before moving on to a steak. Big mistake. There was nothing wrong with the steak; it was really well cooked - pink and tender with a nice caramelised outside. But hot damn, that thing was taking up charcuterie space.  Second visit, I was prepared. Hot charcuterie, cold charcuterie, pork, venison, beef, boar, courgette, artichoke, olives, all washed down with a bottle of cold saison.   Which brings me neatly to the second reason for visiting The Vintage; its superb selection of craft beers from Scotland and further afield. Whatever your tastes and whatever your mood, they'll find something to blow you away - it's really a pleasure to explore the sheer range of characters you can get from a beer in such nice surroundings.  Seriously; The Vintage knows its business. And that business is beer and meat. I strongly advise you make it your business too.
4 Open plan... shared bench seating... an eclectic mix of clientele and good craft beer.  I had been wanting to check this place for ages, opened in late spring 2013, I think?  It's in walking distance from my work and flat... Hmmm could get messy!?  Based near the Shore and previously owned by a restaurant 'Café Fish', Vintage is out wanting to make their mark on the Leith trendy craft beer scene.  The interior is sleek, antiqued timbers, industrial quirky furniture and an open plan kitchen.  No private seating available at the time, we shared the bench seating with a couple of solo drinkers.  One lass was studying with a beer in hand and another guy at the other end was deeply absorbed in a kindle.  Felt somehow very cosmopolitan?!  Vintage was established with the help of Alloa's Williams Brewery. There is a vase amount of beers on offer ten keg, three cask, sixty bottled beers as well as a good list of wines and spirits.  The bar tenders are uber helpful, suggesting what beers we would like, providing small samples.  One things for sure they know their stuff when is come to the hoppy liquid!   I've not tried the food, so cannot comment, however the banana-ry wheatbeer they have is so filling, it's amongst a meal in itself!  The only thing that slightly annoys me is they sell their beers in small 2/3 pints at near enough the same price as a regular pint.  I know that controls drunken behaviour, but still!
4 The Vintage was not at all what I expected.  I was attracted by the connection to Williams Bros' beers, though admittedly maddened by the fact that the website is setup like some annoying Pinterest board, with (when they first opened) no mention of what the menu actually was or what beers were available.    The website is rather clearer now, which is actually somewhat unfortunate for me because now I know what I'm missing.  We came here last weekend after a so-so birthday meal.  The tables were all full so we parked ourselves at the zinc-edged bar to try what was on offer.  The selection is quite good though is served in schooners (2/3 pint) which seems to be all the rage these days but when you're paying £3 for 2/3 you quickly work out how steep the pricing actually is.    The Vintage is setup more as a place to go for a bite and a drink, rather than a place to go for a drink.  It's mostly tables, and the bar leaning space just didn't feel quite right.  I don't know how quite to describe it, but I guess I could say that they don't want you to come here to get drunk, they want you to come here and enjoy a few nice beers while keeping your belly happy through the consumption of meats, cheeses, pickles, breads, and whatever else is on offer.    The Man *really* liked it and wished we had come here for dinner.  I definitely had to agree.
4 We were sitting right next to the entrance, and the howling page boys of Storm Emily were rolling out a red carpet of dead leaves ahead of her arrival, pushing as many through the revolving door as they possibly could. Perhaps it was the Bloody Vintages and espresso liqueurs, perhaps it was Christmas cheer, or perhaps it was just that the place is generally pretty cosy, but somehow the Yelpers brunching within remained warm and snug despite the elements.  The talk, once we'd settled on The Vintage as our destination, had been all of gypsy eggs. The menu just said: gypsy eggs. No explanation, no elaboration, just... gypsy eggs. The curiosities of many were piqued (though clearly not sufficiently to Google). So it was that, despite our waitress Katie reciting a mind-boggling, mouth-watering, eye-popping range of specials and grazing options, more than half of us still put forward our order for the mysterious travelling ova.  There was also some discussion of a coffee laced with Mozart white chocolate liqueur. Amazing! Were it not for the fact that I don't drink a) coffee or b) alcohol, that would have been top of my list. It sounded awesome.  And then came the gypsy eeeeeggs. *angelic choir noise* Served in a skillet atop an attractive dark wooden board (which also bore a single piece of bread), these are baked eggs in a rich tomato sauce with butter beans and chorizo. Yep. They were absolutely as delicious as they sound. With the recent addition of a teeny Le Creuset skillet-for-one to my kitchen, courtesy of Bro F, I have vowed to attempt to reproduce these marvels for myself.  It's impressive that, despite a good capacity and high ceilings (high enough that a Christmas tree was perching comfortably above the door without having to duck), The Vintage retains so much intimacy and character. It's worth being aware though that as it's devoted to a more exclusive, artisan approach to its bar-stock, you might not find some of the spirits and liqueurs you'd get easily elsewhere. Not a problem for one such as me who just wants a pot of tea and an OJ, mind you...  A special note here must go to Katie, who was so much that was excellent about our visit. Witty, warm, and with a pretty epic singing voice, she whizzed effortlessly between tables in the ever-more-busy eatery, taking and delivering orders and wisecracking smoothly with customers. She even found time to jolly our whole table into a rowdy group rendition of Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer, though none of us was quite able to match her pipes in anything more than enthusiasm. Bravo, ma'am - you'll go down in his-tor-yyy!
5 So so good!! Amazing venue, awesome staff and most importantly: heavenly food. Had the best fish and chips and lamb starter!
4 I have been trying to get here for a while and popped by one afternoon for a late lunch of charcuterie platter and Cider with the missus. We opted for the following:  Goat's cheese & fennel seed brulee    Wild mushroom, tarragon & blue cheese terrine   Spiced olives    Pickled seasonal vegetables   Taleggio cheese   Chips Smoked tomatoes, this was subsituted for a smoked tomatoe fondent as they had ran out.  The food was excellent as a whole in particular the smoked tomatoe fondent and Talegio cheese. We left full and talking about trying to recreate some of these treats at home.   I love the decor in here it works really well. Modern with some old fashioned twists. One thing that really stood  out was the service, our waitress on the day was great. Really friendly, funny and knowledgable on all of the fancy beers and food they serve.   The only thing that was a bit of a let down was the price of the cider. We order 2 ciders and didnt think to ask the price as you would. When we got the bill it was £14 for 2 bottled ciders. Happy to pay for good booze. Which it was but that is a bit outside my price point for a pint, also we werent warned abou this so it came as a bit of surprise.   All in great food, relaxed setting and excellent service, but the price of the cider knocked a point off. Otherwise this would be a regular haunt for me.
4 I called in to make a reservation for 8 the day before and the staff member who answered was amazingly accommodating. He worked us in and gave us the table for 2 1/2 hours and was entirely lovely about it. Having worked in the food industry I am more then aware of table times and seating so I said we were happy to be out by 8:30 so they could keep their other bookings happy. They even held the table starting at 6, even though not all of us arrived on time. This would be a pain for any restaurant generally and they didn't seem bothered. We were told again that we had until 8:30, but when the time came no one made us go so it was nice we were pushed out the door, even though we knew we needed to go.   Anyhow, the menu is quite different and I was keen to make my meal up of a few nibbles to make a platter. I am a huge fan of quirky and new food so I tried the smoked mussels, octopus carpaccio, pickled veggies and a bowl of chips. Definitely a weird dinner by standard, but I loved that I could just order some tasters and get to try lots. The mussels were lovely and the octopus so delicate. I am used to having it in sushi, which is generally a bit chewy, but this was lovely. The pickled vegetables were a bit disappointed. They weren't bad, but basically were root veggies (mostly parsnip) in a very strong aniseed vinegar of some sort. I love anything pickled, but this didn't really do it for me.   It's also an ideal place to share food, if that doesn't bother you. We were passing things like crazy to try everything, which I like that we could do. I also tried the spreadable chorizo, the fish pate, the smoked salmon and the venison wellington. All were amazing, especially the venison. It was served very pink and so tender. It is definitely worth the price. Everything was well-presented and delicious. It can be a bit pricy if you want heaps, but I was quite happy with only 3 things and the chips, so it can be an enjoyable meal for not too much if you share with someone.  The staff was very lovely, and it felt cozy. They have excellent wine and a large range of beer options for any palette and they also served London based coffee roaster Climpson and Sons. I didn't try it, but am certainly keen to go back again. All in all, a lovely evening, different and fun and worth the trek down to the Shore.
5 Excellent food and attentive staff.  Good drinks selection and overall value.  I had a small request for fresher bread recently, this was at the end of the day, and the manager went out of his way to correct this.
