3 Wow!  This place changes hands from one owner to another every time we turn around...  Bamboo Palace Buffet, Four Seasons Buffet, Hong Kong King Buffet, Pacific Seafood Buffet, but it doesn't usually change hands in the middle of a Grand Opening!  Well, welcome to the wacky world of Buffet, 2013 style!  So this new Pacific Seafood has opened, but now it's already "Version 2".  The name is staying almost the same (so far today), but it now has new owners and new (mostly NOT sea) food.  Of course I used all of this as an excuse to whip back over here & feast away, starting with some Hot & Sour Soup, which was good.  (A Buffet a day keeps the diet away!)     :-)  So this new, new place is now offering 134 food items, plus sauces and dressings.  After the soup I went with a plate of various kinds of Sushi from the generous array, & all of it was delicious.  Then, after Caesar Salad plus various goodies added in... seaweed & so on, it was over to try the Mongolian style BBQ.  It was good, featuring shrimp, beef, pork and chicken, as well as tasty Chinese Snow Peas, and the rest of what you'd expect.  Some other standout dishes today were genuine fresh pineapple slices, BBQ Spare Ribs, tender broiled steak, excellent fried Catfish (mild and not muddy taste), flavorful Bok Choy in fish juice, omelets with lots of goodies inside (which they called something completely different), ok Egg Foo Young but with filmy gravy that needed to be stirred more often, & many other dishes.  For finishing up, there was a good variety of desserts offered included EIGHT kinds of real ice cream, chilled to the right temperature so you could scoop it out.     :-)  This current rendition of the place doesn't bring it up to match nearby China City or the two other Pacific Seafood Buffets, but the food was good, seating was comfortable, light, sound (even with some TV) and room temperature were all fine.  The weekday lunch price is reasonable at $7.59/6.83 Sr.  Saturday is $8.59/7.73 Sr. and Dinner (4 PM+ & all day Sunday) $10.99/$9 Sr.  They can host banquets & parties with seating for up to 200, and there's a regular menu available here you could order from anytime, but WHY???     :-))
3 Went to this buffet for lunch wanting some crab legs and fried shrimp. For sure a "seafood buffet" would have these two seafood staples. Much to my disappointment they had neither on the lunch buffet. What I found was just another Chinese buffet, though the quality was better than others I've had.  Not a fan of any chinese buffet and the only thing that would cause me to go back is if it were in fact a seafood buffet and not a chinese buffet. The reason for my three star rating is I feel the name is deceptive as it is just chinese buffet with a name indicating it is something else.  Not bad if you know what it is and that is what you're looking for.
3 First time trying them out as they have only recently reopened. It is a favorite of a friend's though and he was very happy to see them reappear on the culinary map.  I was very impressed with the large selection. The food was very tasty and freshly cooked. The sushi was excellent and the cooked fish was still moist even after sitting under the hot lamps for a while.  I would be happy to return even though I can guarantee my friend will be choosing it as a place to catch up.
1 Literally the worst in the area. I like Chinese food a lot but thus was overpriced with tasteless food. They got my one time donation but I won't be back. I have been in Asia, and this looked like third world fish! GROSS. They had "escargot" the size of giant turbo snails - the chicken was tough, the rice dried out, the food literally tasteless. If this is seafood it is for the bottom feeder. Priced way to high, and kids 10-12 are charged adult prices. The sushi was ok - and the best tasting thing was the canned pudding. I literally almost warned a family as they walked in, wish someone had warned me before I dropped almost $40 on a buffet for 2 adults, 1 kid and we all left hungry.
5 I honestly loved this place. The food was all very good. The people were all so friendly. I came to visit with my friends and we all loved it. They have a huge selection. Nothing is made in too big of a portion and its all very fresh. There are even some very surprising items on the menu. :)
1 Well there is food and a lot of it. About 20% of it is edible the other 80% is questionable. The fragrant and aromatic scent of rotting meat hits you as you walk in the door. The room temperature seafood will keep you coming back for more. NOT! go somewhere else. This place is no good!
1 Dont go here. I love seafood and wanted some good shrimp and crab. This is not the place to get it. Food is bland. Fake crab is smothered in cheese...really disgusting.  Eggrolls were nothing spectacular.  You could buy better ones premade at the grocery store. Even the salad bar was sad. Cut up sandwich meat. Possibly expired dressing that tasted just wrong. The employees seemed nice so I feel ok about giving the one star. But thts it..this place is awful. $20 for two people. Your better off going to Chili's or Olive Garden. .
3 Came here for lunch a couple of times and it has a great variety of food. Anywhere from Chinese food, sushi, Mongolian BBQ, some American food, a salad buffet and a dessert bar. Some much food so little time and unless you want to end up with a couple sizes bigger on your pant size, I'd recommend taking it easy and trying a little of everything. I know but it's a buffet, I'm just giving you the warning. Anyways, I liked the Chinese food which was decent. Sushi was good. And the Mongolian BBQ was good also. Worth the money if you like buffets with lots of different foods.
2 We went there yesterday evening and found the experience to be mediocre at best.  The buffet has been going down hill since it opened with last nights meal being the worst.  Many of the food items were dried out or mostly empty.  The sushi section was bare with only a few items available.  The staff appeared uninterested with the service being sub par.  Too bad, they started out great...this buffet is not worth your time.
1 No wonder this place open and closed so many times.  'Deception', The sign say "seafood", but it is just another ordinary oriental buffet.  The food is ok; the price is ok; plenty to choose from. I would have given it a three star,  But I cannot get over this feeling I had been; HAD,  deceived,  suckered, (maybe its me. I dunno, I just have a hard time getting over it)  I am going to give it a one star for deception. This is definitively NOT a seafood buffet; it is simply another oriental buffet. Remind me of a cartoon; the crook in jail said, "I am an honest guy"
