5 Instead of spending 2 months trying to fix a leak in our roof and then patching the drywall, i figured it would be financially (time wise anyway) to have a professional help out. I found Kent, a handyman who is skilled in roofing, drywall, carpentry, plumbing, electrical, just about everything!  i'm a do-it-yourselfer, however, even the smallest jobs take me at least 4 weeks and enough swear words to fill a tractor trailer. kent arrived as scheduled and immediately began work. he checked and re-checked the leaky spot on our roof until there was a leak no more! then he repaired our drywall and was done with the whole process in about 2 hours! he cleaned up after himself and was very professional throughout the ordeal.   now that we've found him, i may no longer have any projects for myself! which might be a good thing.
5 I own several rental properties in the Valley and have used Details Remodeling for several small repairs.  My tenants said he showed up on time, took great care in keeping the area clean while he worked and was very professional.    All together, Kent did drywall repair, small plumbing projects, small electrical repairs, one roof repair and installed some shelving in a closet. All the work was perfect.  So then I tried Details Remodeling for a bathroom remodel.  Kent took care of the  entire project. Ripped out the old bathroom, put in new, tile, baseboards, new vanity, toilet, sink, re-routed the plumbing, moved the bathroom door over 12 inches... He did it all and it turned out amazing.  I was tired of handyman services that when the guys show up you're like... I totally get why you're a handyman, cuz you couldn't possible get a job doing anything else.  Not the case with Kent and his company.  He delivers what he promises, comes in at what he said it would cost and he's great to work with.
5 5*****+++++ To begin with, Kent is great about staying in touch via text, and arrived on time. Kent came out and looked at my "punch list" and one by one, every item was checked off. I was impressed, as he knew exactly what he was doing on a variety of different projects. He wasted no time, was quiet, picked up and kept every space tidy as he went along. This man goes directly into speed dial! My husband is going to love that after years in the valley, we've finally found someone we can count on and trust. Call him, you won't be sorry.
5 One Word "AMAZING" kent is professional and on time. I will definitely be contacting him to do further work on my home. It is hard to find a reliable Handyman but Kent got the job done.
1 If you want to get work from someone, your first priority should be to make sure they listen to you.  This guy was talking over every conversation I would start.  I have a whole house to remodel and wanted to start with a small project to see his work.  I could not even explain my concerns because he had to interject to tell me that I did not know what I was talking about.  Then he is too lazy to come out and give a free estimate. He suggested I take pictures and tell him what I want and send it via email!  Really, I love technology but that just sounds like he is either lazy or he will drive price up once he see's job in person.
1 I called because I saw the good reviews on yelp. However, I completly disagree. I found them to be very uneducated on the topic of remodeling. He seemed confused at everything I showed him I wanted done. We will be moving forward with another contractor. The cost is also way above what it should be. Very diasapointed since many yelpers gave such high reviews.
5 I needed someone who could do a variety of tasks at my house to get it ready for sale. I've had good luck with people/services I've found through Yelp and Kent was no different.   He came to my house at least 3 times. He installed closet doors, fixed drywall, tiled a vanity, hung mirrors & more. He showed up on time, got things done quickly, was reasonably priced, couldn't ask for more than that. Great to find someone who's licensed and can get multiple things done fast.
5 In summary, KENT ROCKS!  We have come to Kent for multiple projects in four different residences over the past three years. He has consistently exceeded our expectations. We have also referred Ken to at least a dozen of our friends--who have each reported back to us experiences that went well beyond their expectations.  What we specifically appreciate about Kent:   1) He is responsive--returning our e-mails and phone calls in a timely manner.  2) He is a good listener--making a concerted effort to listen to what we aim to do, and why we want to do it...but (and this is important) being sure to interject, when appropriate, with his experienced and professional opinion. On a number of occasions, what we had first asked of Ken turned out not to be the best way to address the situation at hand. Kent opened our minds to a more efficient and/or a less expensive approach, or even a different solution entirely that we would have never considered.  3) His estimates are spot-on. We have never been surprised. Kent presents us with and explains options for labor and materials so that we can make an informed selection of the level of each that best fits our budget for the project. We really appreciate the fact that he has been willing to provide estimates and assist us with both very small, hourly projects, as well as large, long-term projects.  4) He and any contractors he brings into our residences have been on-time, courteous, conscientious, and CLEAN! Even during a very significant dusty, dirty kitchen demolition, Kent and his team took great care to clean-up as best as possible at the end of each day, and to seal-off the work area with plastic so that dust and debris wouldn't migrate into other parts of the home.  5) We trust him. There have been plenty of times when Kent has guided us to a less expensive approach to completing a task.  We can also trust that when he says that we need to consider a more complicated or more expensive approach, that it is truly in our best interest to take his advice. We trust Kent's work to the point that we are comfortable arranging for him to work in our own home, and in our tenants' homes, while we are traveling out-of-town--knowing that we will return home to find the work done properly, on-time, and within budget...and that we will have interacted with our tenants with the highest degree of courtesy and conscientiousness.
5 I just finished my third home improvement project with Kent, Details Remodeling.  Each time I work with Kent the end result is 10/10 quality.  He is careful about my home while working, and cleans up behind himself 100%.  He's straight up about his availability, and if you have to wait a couple weeks he's worth it.  I've used Kent for demolition, drywall, electrical, minor plumbing, built-in shelving, and to tile my entire main floor.  He has the right equipment, uses his time (and mine) well.  I appreciate his use of email and texting for communications and photos of my ideas; it's convenient for me to respond around my work time and not have to schedule a time to be at the home for easy stuff like that.  I'll continue to use Details Remodeling for work in my home and have already recommended him to my friends!
