5 I did a double take from the road when I saw the Chipotle sign go up a few days go. These guys are brand new and already busy as ever at lunch time. They're doing a great job of handling the surge of customers, who I am sure were all just as excited to see this wonderful sight from the street as I.  They skimped on my burrito bowl today, but I'm sure they'll make up for it in time - they always do. I'm a big fan of the steak and/or barbacoa bowl, brown rice, pinto beans, drenched in both pico and corn salsa, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. Everyone was really friendly and got me through the line quickly. I want to go back already!
4 It's about time Chipotle had a location on this side of the 101.  I'm so glad I no longer have drive to down to Paradise Valley mall when I am craving a burrito.  There's not much to say that couldn't be said about any Chipotle.  Unless you've never had the best quick service burrito on the planet, the food and restaurant is everything that you expect.  Prices are a little high, but so are the portion sizes and quality.  The space is pretty big, but I can image it being slammed during lunch.  I'm sure I will be picking up many orders from here for a long time to come.
2 Went in around lunch time and found it sorely lacking. I ordered a burrito and it was okay though the service was ridiculous - the waitress kept talking to other workers and had to ask me repeatedly what I had ordered or requested. Same for my fiancée, except my food was alright and hers was bad, mostly because she ordered a salad and wasn't told till check out that they were out of salad dressing - ummm what?!  Nice customer service.    I wouldn't say avoid at all costs but there are better alternatives in the area. (Which wich right next door) If it was busy I would be more forgiving but we were one of four groups in the establishment. Unacceptable.
5 I'm hooked.... I mean really...Call me a silly foodie but i really find the quality of the food at Chipotle to be unbelievably good...and their barbacoa tacos are to die for... Honest to god, i feel that Chipotle gives fast food a good name...hard to believe that they're owned by giant McDonalds...as their quality sucks...but that's a different matter altogether...  This is how I like to eat them after I order them...well make sure you get a side of guac first and at least three lemons...and you'll need a knife too...more later..  Once at your table and you've finished staring and drooling at the lonely and terrified tacos, grab your knife and dive into the guac ...and spread a decent helping onto your taco...squeeze a lemon on top of it...season with pepper and mangia! Enjoy!!! Mwah!
5 First of all, love Chipotle so much. Fast service. Perfect place to eat last minute. So glad they finally put one at Greyhawk! Definitely a lot closer than the other one down on Scottsdale Road! The chips have a lime flavor to them which just makes them 10x better! Good prices and very reasonable for people not wanting to spend a lot on a meal!
1 Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????  Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl. What's going on? Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat? No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.  I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans. There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality. Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.
4 Chipotle, why do people call it Chipolte? I don't know.  Chipotle is fast, inexpensive quality Mexican food. It is our go to place when we are to lazy to cook. We always order online and it is always hot, ready and accurately prepared when we show up.  We usually get taco's or the salads. Both are tasty and amply sized. I like their beef and chicken, perfect seasoning and never greasy.
5 Delicious fresh food ALWAYS. Quick service & the best Patron Margaritas I have ever had!
3 I would give it four stars if the staff would be a bit more attentive.  I asked for more cheese 3 times and still ignored me and put the lid on my bowl....   It's a chain so nothing special about the food, taste the same as every other chipotle.
4 I was thrilled when this location opened! I'm addicted to the convenience and get beef/bean/peppers/mild salsa/corn bowls several times a week. The chicken burritos are good too. It's a great place to get slightly healthier, better tasting fast food.   I find the service varies at most of the Chipotle's depending on the team working and crowd level... this location is normally pretty good overall. There are occasional order screw-ups with the often frenetic pace... and I think workers have trouble hearing over the required glass barriers at the counter. Occasionally I'll get 'short-spooned' on something like black beans... but not too often on the 'double steak'  for $2.39 extra.. so I don't sweat it.   McDonald's divested it's 90% stake in Chipotle back in 2006 as far as I know... and has been crying ever since. The stock's 52 P/E is a lofty valuation so it will be interesting to see if that continues... even though each store pulls in a ton of cash flow.  True... Chipotle has considered using antibiotic beef. There's an 20yr beef production shortage and the US Cattle herd is at a 61yr low.  Sourcing for natural beef is a major issue.. so they do seem to be bending some of their former 'goals' to meet demand. In 2013, I believe 15-20% of their beef wasn't 'naturally raised'. There just isn't enough 'naturally raised' beef to supply their growing demand. There are other complaints. Google "MotherJones Behind the Burrito" for one viewpoint and "In Defense of Chipotle" for another.  I've personally just never bought into all of Chipotle's responsible/sustainable hype... but figure that they are still more responsible than many other fast casual chains.   Chipotle is expected to raise prices by 3-5%. I'd be surprised if it's not more on beef. That could impact revenues and stock price... time will tell.
2 As a chain restaurant, Chipotle has great food generally! We have eaten at several in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. They offer some healthier choices, and the price is not bad considering the quality you're getting. This particular store has the worst service we've experienced out of all of them! It doesn't seem to matter whether you come in the busy time or off time.  Staff are frequently yelling to each other behind the counter, which contributes to the noise level in the restaurant. Tables are often in need of cleaning, and none of the employees seem to be that intent on getting that task accomplished.  We have been short spooned several times, we've had to ask to get the full portion, and that usually comes with an attitude! That usually happens when the bins are getting low, they seem to be concerned with giving too much and having to refill them. One time they were out of forks. How can a restaurant run out of plastic forks?! And how do you eat a salad without a fork? This restaurant does not have spoons. Luckily we carried some in our car... The manager did not care for my comment about going next-door to the grocery store and buying some plasticware. One time they were out of tea. Instead of offering to make more, they just said "were out"! Now if you happen to know one of the staff, then you will get great service and full portions! The only reason we keep coming back to this location is it's the closest to us and because the food is great.
1 My wife and I went in just before 9pm, which is over an hour before they close.  As we walked in we noticed an employee standing on the grill (which was off with no lights on) taking down the hoods to clean.  After noticing the early closing duties being done, we looked to see that all the selections of proteins were at the bottom of the pan except for the barbacoa.   My wife ordered the chicken tacos, which had a clear sign stating that they had an OUTAGE of their regular chicken indicating that the chicken they were currently serving, wasn't organic and contained hormones. No biggie its just chicken right?  I ordered the barbacoa burrito simply because it looked like it was the freshest item made to offer.  After sitting down to eat I took two bites and realized that my entire burrito was cold.  I opened the burrito and stuck my finger right into the center to realize that it was not the slight bit warm but entirely cold including the barbacoa.  Went inside to make the Manager aware that the barbacoa was cold.   The manager simply stirred up the meat and tasted a sample for himself.  His reply was, "yeah its not very warm but that probably because we haven't touched it and stirred it enough..  We don't cook this here, it comes in cooked and we only re-heat it."   That pretty much solved the question at hand, they don't cook the barbacoa there and they don't even re-heat it to a sanitary temperature.  I would think these employees have gone through a food training class where the FDA clearly states that between 50 and 140F there can be rapid growth of bacteria in beef.  Food has to be kept above 140F otherwise bacteria starts to grow and doubles every 20 minutes.  This manager had no concern what so ever to be apologetic because he was clearly more interested in closing although they were open for another hour.  I received a refund per my request for the meal and didn't even get an apology.  I would suggest that no one eat at this chipotle after 8pm.  The staff is too focused on closing rather than providing a quality product.  http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodborneIllnessContaminants/BuyStoreServeSafeFood/ucm328131.htm
2 So the food is alright but they have a few problems to address! First is their outrageous prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's just TOOO much for 1 burrito and NO DRINK! Second is the portions! They are SOOOO GREEDY with the meat! They grab a nice big stack of meat some times and put half back eye balling, no almost counting how many pieces of meat they have the customer. SERIOUSLY! And it's not just 1 Chipotle, they ALL do it! It's bad etiquette to put and pull a portion of a serving like that as well! 3rd issue is the phone orders to go. OPEN ANOTHER REGISTER DUMMIES! Don't make people wait just to ring up some one who ordered via phone or however. Plus it's not a good feeling when you're the one that ordered and picking up, it stinks having to cut people off because the business is TOO CHEAP to open a 2nd register. 4th and last but not the least important here, WHY are you charging sooo much just for Guac? Total rip offs, yet every American just pays the fee!   This place is making a KILLING for what they charge, I don't care what any one says. It's just too expensive for what you get. Plus some times the people serving can be rude, not all the time but I guess they just have those days.
