5 Exceptional customer service and knowledgeable employees
5 After suffering the typical sales games and lies at Camelback Hyundai and Midway Nissan last week, we took a chance and drove 37 miles out to Coulter Nissan after they promised over the phone an out the door cash price on a 2012 Nissan that was advertised on the Internet.  We were treated very well by our initial contact Sheila, who then sat us down with Leonard who acknowledged the previously stated price.  They were able to complete our deal and send us home within 90 minutes with no stress, and our final price was 1 cent less than what they initially quoted. No add ons, gimmicks, undercoating, paint sealants, certification fees or drama.  Just a great deal quickly wrapped up by great folks.  Well worth the drive!
5 I've purchased one vehicle here and it was a great experience.  The only non-Van Tuyl Nissan dealership in the city.  We NEED to keep these people open.  They are incredibly knowledgeable and worth the drive.  While my recent car purchase didn't end up being a Nissan (picky mother), Ashley was one of the friendliest, most knowledgeable sales reps I have ever interacted with.  Even after I told one of her coworkers that we purchased elsewhere, she was incredibly gracious and thanked me for trying.  When we are due for a new car, we are going to call her.  I love Coulter.  I wish you were closer!!
5 I have never been to Coulter Nissan, but with a Coulter connection worked with Nate Harris to lease my new Nissan Rogue.  He was topnotch, knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful!! After 6pm on a Friday night he drove the paperwork over to me in North Scottsdale (pretty much opposite sides of the Valley) with the vehicle - is that service or what?  Then Nate stayed late and showed me how to work all of the features to the new vehicle after a mountain of paperwork.  I absolutely love my new car, but the buying experience was way above and beyond what I expected.
4 Feb 2013 I was in sales looking at the 2013 Pathfinder for my wife. I was sadly disappointed with the way I was treated. In the end I was shown the door and was told good luck with my purchase somewhere else.   I took my buisness next door to Larry H. Miller Chrysler Dodge and bought a 2013 Dodge Durango for her. She loves it.  Only reason I did not give five stars was due to the sales department.    My four stars are solely for the service department. Larry and Mike take care of all of my service needs for my Xterra. I have been in 5 times in the last 3 months and all I can say is they know how to take care of the customer.  Prompt when returning  a call about vehicle status and even let ya know when your part has arrived. Thank you very much.
5 I found a new 2014 Versa Note advertised on their website and when I made the drive to the dealership it was actually there! And for the advertised price! No shady business here! I worked with Saul Sanchez and he made the process easy. I really appreciated it as this was the first car I've purchased for myself and I had been to several other extremely aggressive dealerships in the last month and was getting sick of the whole thing. Would highly recommend.
1 After being mistreated and misled by Pinnacle Nissan, Coulter looked promising based on the reviews on yelp and the advertised prices they have.   I was in the market for a Nissan Leaf and they had one equipped just the way I wanted it.  I called in and spoke to Geri and got my quotes, and went over the numbers a couple of times and was assured they would not change after taking the 40 mile trek to their dealership.   Guess what, the numbers changed, but that's not the end.  The car they had was a Back Leaf with Black interior, not my first choice.   They checked with other dealers and found a White with grey interior that they were to trade the White for.     This is where the story becomes grey.   They tell me the numbers were miscalculated and it was a "looser deal", but they would honor the price.   My opinion was very high of Coulter at that moment,  better yet they found a white car to trade for their black - but while getting the numbers straightened out they sold black car to a couple that came in an hour after us.   I was told no problem, we shook on the deal, left a deposit and were to come back the next day to pick up the white car.  Next day I get a call, deals off they can't get the white car any longer, the other dealer wanted a trade and now they had nothing to trade so sorry.   Sure they were not going to go out of their way to accommodate this looser deal.   Point being in the end they did not stand by their agreement.  What's amazing about car dealers - they are not bound by their agreements - yet if you were to not pay for a car all hell would be unleashed upon you.
4 I visited Coulter while shopping for a new car. The sales team there is very friendly and knowledgeable. They allowed me to shop their lot and test drive several vehicles. At no point did they pressure me sit down and do numbers or play any of the games that other dealers play. I would recommend this dealership.
1 Accompanied my mother to Coulter Nissan for an Oil change for her car. She really likes their service department.  While waiting for her car, we decided to take a peak at all the new cars. I ended up walking away with a brand new Nissan Rogue 2013 at a greatly reduced price. Since I hadn't actually planned to car shop that day, I was short on time and asked the sales team to make this short and sweet, $16,999 was my sales price. I couldn't pass it up ! Easiest car buying experience I've ever had.   ****************  But Wait , It ALL Goes Bad from here on **********************  1-30-2014  Since purchasing my car, I received a message from my salesman, Len, he just said, "Dana in Finance has been trying to get in touch with you, please call her back."  Well, I knew Dana was trying to get me to add on an extended warranty or some other extra, so I didn't return the call. I had had a very busy week at work, had just come home to put my feet up and have my son give me an injection in my stomach ( I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and am on a lot of medications) when the doorbell rang. It was Len the salesman that sold me the car.  He said, "I've been trying to reach you, Dana was able to get you a lower interest rate, you need to sign these new documents before tomorrow or the offer wont be good. I said, "Len, I need time to look over any new sales contract and I'm just too tired at the moment " He insisted that the offer wouldn't be good after the following day, but I had plans to help my son paint his new condo' and was worried I wouldn't be able to make it in to the dealership the next day, so exhausted, in pain, and wearing my pajamas, I had to let a salesman, whom I'd only met once in my life, into my home. I was not excited about that at all ! When Len pulls out the new sales contract, I notice my monthly payment is higher than on my original contract, how can this be when my original interest rate was 4.99% and the new contract was offering me a 2.99% rate ????  Dana had added on an extended service contract and extended the payments by 3 months and my payments would be higher than with the higher interest rate ????  I didn't need to look any further, I said, "I'm not signing that."  I was left with a sour taste in my mouth !  Why did they not offer me the 2.99% interest from the beginning ?  I feel duped !  If they wanted to offer me the extended service, they should have been up front about the cost and not tried to slip it in under the guise that I would be signing a new sales contract at a lower interest rate, and if they were able to offer a lower interest rate, why not do so from the very moment they worked up the deal ?  I have good credit , and my mother, whom I added as a co-buyer, has Stellar credit ,  what's the problem ?
1 Found the Nissan Versa advertised on their website for a set price. Contacted Tiffany with internet sales and she verified what the website states "what you see is what you get, no surcharge." We drive over and a guy Miguel approaches us in the parking lot.  We explain to him what we are looking for, again.  After several minutes of unnecessary conversation,  which includes the typical convincing words of a car salesman, we see the transparent tricks of why so many Americans have terrible credit and are also backwards on an automotive loan.  The pitch includes: 1) We should finance through them rather than the credit union. They can meet their rates and finance through that same credit union!!! This would be great if we hadn't planned ahead and already received a pre-approval with our credit being run. Francis  would  mean our credit is going  to be ghost twice in one week, creating an  unnecessarily deriogatory efffect.  We explain our disagreement  to hear 2) Coulter Nissan must run your credit, regardless goog  how you okay two verify identity. Something to do with  terrorism. Seriously?!! A background  check would be sufficient bald also protect the public from ANOTHER hit on their credit.  Basedn these first two items, we  came to the conclusion that Coulter Nissan seems 're starving you eat the publics credit  score ALIVE in a more than  desperate way to get your financing. Nonetheless, we waited for the "out the door" pricing sheet. Miguel returns with a sheet which has the  internet price. HOWEVER it also includes a $1977 charge for A "Coulter care package." The website advertises " the price you see is the price you  get." BEWARE! Not true. We were told they CANNOT sell a vehicle  without this package. This package we did not ask for includes: 1) window tint  warranty. this is not something of  value to us. We are  loyal . Nissan owners and have never had  an issue with the tint 2)nitrogen in tires. We  are loyal Costco members  and Costco has free nitrogen. Again, no value. 3) maintenance package. This includes tire rotations and oil changes for 3 yrs  or 36000 miles. Not to exceed 4 in one year. Again, Costco offers free tire rotations. No value there. Oil changes, 4 per year for three years, a total of 12. Okay, this has some value with $40/per change, I can see $480.  4) wheel locks. You get locking lug nuts on your tires. Looking at stock rims and tires, not an item of interest. However, I will give them a value of $100 5) encryption to prevent theft. Your VIN is encrypted in certain parts, like the windows. This will only prove beneficial if your vehicle is stolen and posted it to someone CERTIFIED to view this, not including craigslist, or the like.  No value to us. I will give $200 for the effort. In the end this additional $1977 cannot be eliminated.  We offer to raise our price $800, which we feel is a more than fair value for this package. Miguel goes to his GM to see if they can"get a deal." The GM comes out and goes in several directions including "I can definitely get you into a car for that price" leading us to a used vehicle. OVER $1100 which they won't budge on for apackage we didn't ask for and do not want!!!  In the end, we do not want our credit hit again, we want to keep our financing and we do not want this package though we were willing to compromise. No deal! Waste of our time and insulting. Wish I could give zero stars
1 On 1/18/2014., my wife and I visited Coulter Nissan in Surprise after seeing their 1st Year Anniversary Sale at their online website.  The website specially advertised a 2014 Nissan Altima 2.5 (#13014) for "$15,977 Plus Fees".  The advertisement stated that there were "2 at this price" and two stock numbers were listed:  94067 and 94123.    There was nothing in the advertisement that stated any package or additional items were applicable to the advertised sales price other than "Plus Fees".    The advertisement also broke down the sale price as follows:  MSRP $22,800-Nissan Rebate $1000-NMAC cash $1000-Coulter Discount $4823".  After being assured that both advertised cars were available when my wife and I left home, and after driving the one whose color was acceptable, we decided to make the purchase.  We were not sure if we would finance using NMAC cash (i.e., taking a loan through Nissan's financing company) or finance separately using our Desert Schools Federal Credit Union.  We knew that that choice might mean a $1000 difference in the price of the car.  We also knew that a documentary fee, sales tax, title, registration and license would be added to the sales price.  Accordingly, we asked for a workup sheet of the total out the door price.  When the salesman returned with his worksheet, the amount exceeded $20,000---far more than possible after adding doc fee, sales tax, title, registration and license.  When we expressed dismay at his worksheet, the salesman stated that the price included a required Coulter Value Package that was added to every car on the lot.    Feeling duped and the victims of a clear "bait and switch" scheme, as well as the victim of false advertising and unfair business practices, we left the dealership as the salesman stated that he would "talk to his manager".  In short, we refused to negotiate up from a sales price that had been advertised without any disclaimer other than "Plus Fees".  We have since filed a formal complaint with the Consumer Division of the Arizona Attorney General's office about our experience.  From comments we have since read here, the practice appears to be rampant and we feel that many customers either leave the dealership in complete frustration (as we did), pay the additional charges, or attempt to negotiate some realistic reduction to the Coulter Value Package.  To us, window tint is reasonable in Arizona but I would prefer to do it myself at a cost of $100 to $150.  (The salesman told me that customers like this and subsequent emails from managerial employees tried to justify the practice because Coulter's add ons were "real" as opposed  to those used by competitors)  Every new Nissan on Coulter Nissan's lot  contains something that Nissan (the manufacturer) found no need to include when the car was built..  Called the "Coulter Value Package", it consists of Window Tint, Nitrogen Filled Tires, Window Etch, Wheel Locks, and a 3 Year/36,000 Mile Maintenance Pkg.  The cost of these "Dealer Installed Options" is $1,977.  Taken to its logical extreme, if you want to buy a new Nissan as built by the factory, you can't get one at Coulter Nissan.   You are forced to buy this package.   I wonder out loud if that violates  the terms of any authorized dealership agreement Coulter has with Nissan.  In other words, how many people wanting to buy a Nissan as built by the manufacturer can't do so because of the forced impediment caused by Coulter Nissan's added "Coulter Nissan Package".  The reaction from Coulter Nissan to my complaint?  Polite and sugar coated defiance.  Can you imagine if you were the victim of a theft and after the thief was apprehended he apologized to you not for what he did, but for the "way you feel"?  That was the response (so carefully contrived) by those at Coulter Nissan.  Transparently insincere and lacking any remorse.  My hope is that the Attorney General issues a "cease and desist" order requiring Coulter Nissan to include any fixed dealer packages (i.e., that are the same price on every car without exception)  as part of the advertised price or clearly and just as prominently disclose that it is not included as part and parcel of the advertisement.  My hope is that the Attorney General also institute charges to hold  those in management criminally responsible (statutes in Arizona make this type of conduct punishable as a misdemeanor).   This false advertising and unfair business practice must end.  If the Attorney General's office lacks the time and resources to investigate and take action, I will resort to other peaceful measures to hold Coulter Nissan responsible.  This review is my first start.  Unless and until Coulter Nissan is economically or otherwise negatively affected or held responsible, there is no disadvantage to them from continuing this practice.   If anyone else has shared any similar experience, please let me or the Attorney General's office know ab
1 I purchased a car at this dealership beware of the finance guys they will push everything and anything on you if you don't get it be prepared to be yelled at literally. The warranty they sold me was crap had an F on BBB and when you try to return it, suddenly no one wants to talk to you. Worst place and experience buying a car ever. Not much else to say, bought a cerified car, but can tell it's had body work as two different paints on car that they failed to mention that to me, I guess you can certify anything these days, just get out the check list! Don't buy a car at this dealer you'll regret it!!
5 Purchased a vehicle 2 weeks ago. They did not pressure as other dealers. Yes the manager came over but they were able to meet our terms too. Miguel was our salesman and let me say i have not dealt with a better salesman in the 30+ dealerships i have dealt with in my life. They do add their package but prices kind of equal other dealerships. I wish i wasnt charged for nitrogen i rather just do air. Overall i was satisfied.   I tried Avondale Nissan and they were not as good. I asked for some car quotes and i was told to look for myself. I suggest you ditch avondale nissan and make the drive to Coulter Nissan.
