2 I Love Jimmy John's, always have. My trip to this Jimmy John's was my first to any since moving to Vegas back in November. It may not seem like much, but coming from a Michigan State campus Jimmy John's (and having 3 friends that worked there), needless to say I was there often. I know mistakes are made at times, if not often, at a busy franchise like JJ's. But forgetting a simple request -  like "can I have peppers on my #12" - when there is a 4-1 sandwich architect-to-customer ratio, is inexcusable.  It's not as if I won't return, because Jimmy John's is Jimmy John's, am I right? But come on. The request for 'Pep' was on the receipt, I paid for it, so show me the pep! Also, I overheard a "No, it's a #15, not 16" from the girl behind the counter - and rookie mistakes are excusable. No problem.  Next time, put a little pep in your step, get the order right, and I'll be back more often than not.
5 Delicious. The website lets you make sandwiches online with live-updated nutritional information, which I did and I think I got a little carried away.  I walked in and ordered a BLT Unwich, triple bacon, avocado spread instead of mayo, onions and hot peppers, and a double add of roast beef. They took it all in stride and made exactly what I asked for as i was asking for it.   They're fast and very personable, joking around with me about the amount of calories in my custom sandwich but that I'd ordered it without bread. I informed them I did no bread to cut the gluten, not to save on calories, which then made sense to them.   Great location, I'll definitely be back. Especially since I discovered that they'll do lettuce wrap (which they call Unwich) and the online sandwich builder tool.
3 A couple weeks ago some friendly employees of Jimmy Johns stopped by our office handing out free samples which was a great idea since we didn't even know they were open~ I feel like their sandwiches taste different from Subway or Quiznos.. I think it's because of the bread.. I really like the bread at Jimmy Johns.. haha It's not too thick or loafy and it's got a nice chew/bite to it.. I especially like the tuna sandwiches here with lots of those sprouts on top.. The doctor I worked with ordered delivery from JJ and it only took about 15 minutes.. super fast. And the delivery guy drove an Audi.. awesome!   HOT TIP: Watching what you eat? They do all their subs/clubs sans bread.. wrapped in lettuce~!!! mmm
4 Drivethru big plus !!! Delivery from the the phone or online. Also a plus!! If you in it's very nice! So many happy workers as well. Heavily staffed, so yes, the Sandwhich is made "fast!!!" At the same time great tasting :)
4 Subs were pretty good. Not as good as Firehouse, but so much better then Subway or Quiznos. Each sandwich shop has their own unique taste. This is theres. Tasty bread. Could use more meat. A little too much mayo and lettuce, but I like alot of lettuce, and I'll just ask for might mayo next visit.   I called for delivery and it was at my door within 11 minutes. Cant say any pizza joint can pull that.
4 The only better BLT than the JJBLT is your momma's.   Crusty, crunchy french bread, a thick layer of mayo, 8 hearty slices of bacon, shredded lettuce, and tomato slices make this staple sandwich a win in my book.   I'm normally disappointed in any sub style BLT I order because the bread overwhelms the measly portion of bacon and I feel like I'm eating a lettuce and tomato sandwich with bacon bits here and there.   But the JJBLT is where I can get my fix without incurring grease scars from frying my own bacon (seriously, does anyone have tips not to get splatter damage on my hands and wrists?!) .   This is not a spot to head to for a late night munchie as they unfortunately close pretty early (9pm) which is why they are docked a star.   They do however, deliver AND have a drive through which tickles my lazy bone's fancy. You can also call ahead and have your order ready, but considering they can put your sandwich together in about 47 seconds, it's not necessary.  I work odd hours which allows me to frequent businesses during their off hours, so the times I've been here are never during lunch or dinner rushes, so I couldn't tell you how quick they are when there's more than one or two people ordering.    The decor is standard JJ's, funny and punny placards placed all about, open and airy.  Don't leave without getting a few loafs of day old bread for $0.50. I always pick up a few for garlic cheesey bread, crustinis, bread pudding, or anything I would need not sliced bread for.
4 Bumping up to 4 stars~!!!   I was in a hurry so I was happy to find that they had a drive-thru kind of hidden off to the side.. There were no other cars so I placed my order and up to the window I went! The friendly employee rang me up and was holding a bag that I assumed to be empty but NOPE it was holding the finished sandwich... WTF I was seriously in and out of the drive-thru in like 30 seconds... CRAZY FAST! hahaha
2 The atmosphere and attitude of the employees was poor overall. It seemed that no one wanted to be there, and were very put out to make 2 sandwiches. I wasn't impressed. It was like everyone had just been reprimanded by a manager or something....
3 it was ok they do have super fast delivery
4 It took me longer to scan through their menu and finally decided on what to order than it took their friendly and very efficient staff to finish putting together my The J.J. Gargantuan sandwich.  I was only able to get through 3 Sudoku puzzles while I waited, so they were just as fast as their commercials, except the fast talking part.    The J.J. Gargantuan sandwich was hefty (for most), but I finished it even though I wasn't all that hungry.  Next time I will swap out the roast beef for more smoked ham.  Overall I really like this sandwich shop, plus they are just down the street from where I typically park my car at night, so I predict that I will be back on a regular basis.  Four stars!!!  Love their radio commercials, which played a major role in getting me through the door for the first time.
1 Awful!! I wish I could give negative stars!! I normally love Jimmy Johns, the one on Maryland Pkwy we always stop at whenever we're in the area but this location makes me not want to EVER eat at a Jimmy Johns again! I asked for a PLAIN tuna sub, I specifically asked if their tuna was plain tuna or tuna salad, to which I was told it was plain tuna. We get our food to go and when I get home I realize there are onions in the sandwich?! So I call the store to be told by the manager (the one who actually took my order and made my sandwich) that to him, plain tuna has onions a celery?? I explained that I believe the rest of the population would disagree and if that's plain tuna then where's my damn celery??!! We went round and round and continued to insult me until finally I just hung up, angry and hungry with an inedible sandwich!! He never offered to fix it or rectify the situation he just chose to argue with me about the definition of 'Plain tuna'!! Such an idiot!!
5 I noticed this new location a few weeks ago and today on my lunch I drove over there.   I ordered my lunch the staff was very friendly and polite.   I couldn't help but notice how clean the restaurant was also.  I got my sandwich at lightning speed and sat down to eat it.     While I was enjoying my lunch ,   I noticed there was a handicapped man trying to get in the front door.  An employee named   GEORGE ran to the front door and held it open for him to come in.   He then took the man's order from the customer side of the counter.   When the man's order was done George asked if he needed napkins things like that.   George then neatly packed the mans order in a bag and the man asked him to put the bag in the back pack that was attacked to the pack of his wheel chair scooter.   George did as the man asked him and then walked him to the front door held it open and asked the man if he needed any additional help getting to his car or anything.   I was very impressed by how nice he was to the man and above and beyond he went for him.    Jimmy Johns makes great sandwiches and I love them.   But call it what you want its fast food.   I am not use to seeing people working in fast food acting like that.     My uncle was in a wheel chair and I saw many times how people treated him like he wasnt even there.   I gave George a big tip and plan on giving them all my future business.   Oh and the food is great too!   Great Job!
4 I admit it. I was curious about Jimmy John's because of their commercials. You know, the ones where they talk reeeeally fast. We saw them delivering to neighbors across the street and decided to try it out for ourselves.  The first time we ordered delivery, we caught then on a bad day (sort of). Placed the order online, which was great because the website was simple and easy to navigate through. Sometimes I feel it is more convenient than ordering in person and saying "Can I get the Italian Night Club on French Bread with no tomatoes, onions and mayo. Also I would like to add extra Italian dressing and Dijon mustard..... Oh, and maybe some bacon as well. Can you also cut my sandwich in half?" They took 20 minutes to show up at our house, which wasn't too bad. An employee even called to let me know that their driver was running late. That was nice of them. Yes, they do add delivery charges, but who doesn't nowadays? We have ordered delivery from here several times already, and they have always delivered in about 10 minutes. So, I guess they really do have "freaky fast delivery!"  All the sandwiches I have tried have been pretty good. My favorite is the #12: Beach Club. The Italian subs are good, but could use more Italian dressing. One thing that really stood out for me was that the sandwiches are clean and hold up very well. Don't you just hate it when you are eating a sandwich and all the ingredients start falling out on the other end? I don't know how they do it, they must have magical bread or something! I have been to the restaurant a few times as well. The dining area is clean and service is fast and friendly. I prefer Jimmy John's over Subway and Quiznos for sure! Its nice to know that this is an option for delivery, since everything else is usually pizza. For the most part, they do live up to their advertisements, except they don't talk as fast. :p
4 I am a big fan of Jimmy Johns.  Their Sandwiches are awesome and they make them fast.  After a day of golf, we stopped by here to grab a bite to eat.  I ordered my usual #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Capicola, Ham, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Mayo & Vinaigrette) w/Hot Peppers. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-las-vegas-5?select=k4xX3GEN6rl_P0O6xWzTww#k4xX3GEN6rl_P0O6xWzTww http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-las-vegas-5?select=tN1SmiFrZvJnfbKeNPsOwQ#tN1SmiFrZvJnfbKeNPsOwQ  As usual, the Sandwich was tasty and awesome.  These guys are great.  If you're looking for a quick meal, give this place a try.  Return Factor - 85%
1 i'm not happy, this is in no way against the store, but against the corporate head office. i have been under the weather lately, and there's just so much pizza and Chinese food a girl can order, one does occasionally crave raw veggies, especially when they're topped onto cold cuts and cheese. anyways, as i looked up the closest store to me and called, i was informed that i am out of their delivery zone...by ONE BLOCK! apparently there is nothing i or the store can do about it, because it is up to corporate. there are 6 apartment complexes where i live, the fact that corporate will not let them deliver a block out of their radius, greatly diminishes the profit margin. i understand that they have their hype of super fast delivery to uphold, but if they tell people that they are just out of their zone, they can deliver just not super fast, i guarantee people would understand, instead of just saying sorry no can do. the gentleman i spoke with was very polite and sympathized with me, but that still doesn't get me fed. boo on you corporate.
4 A sandwich shop that delivers?! I just had my mind blown.   Lately I've been on a sandwich kick and luckily while at work my co workers wanted jimmy johns. Had never heard of the place but once they showed me the menu I was hooked, the lulu sounded delicious and when I looked on yelp at the pictures I was sold. What's on the lulu?? Sliced turkey breast, crispy bacon (best I ever had!) lettuce tomato, mayo.   Big amount of meat, and the same seasoning as capriottis almost. Why not five stars? They're sandwiches were tiny. Or maybe I'm a fatty and they just seems small? I don't know, I think they were a bit bigger than a subway six inch.   The part that really surprised me was there service. Delivered to my work in less than six minutes?! Unbelievable. If I didn't know better I would shave thought this guy made it in his car. How do they make them so fast? I need to know their tricks.  It's free for extra mayo, onion, tomatoes, lettuce, sliced cucumber, and Dijon mustard.   They have kettle cooked chips which are my favorite. This sandwich place is going to be my new go to pace for when I'm at work or at home feeling lazy. We all know my sandwiches at home are not as good.   Jimmy johns expect a date next week. You. Me. Creative kids. 2pm. Don't forget the sandwich.
4 Got the Veggie Sub from here and it was pretty good. The service was fast and friendly and all the ingredients tasted very fresh. The sandwich was neither dry nor soggy and seemed to hold everything okay. I wish that they had more choices of bread BUT otherwise I enjoyed my food.
3 That was a really fast sandwich. I enjoyed the decorations, and the customer service was about standard. Food was unimpressive for the price, but it wasn't bad. Take the time to read the walls...they're fun.
4 They have a drive-thru!  What?!  Yes!  Never seen a Jimmy John's with one before, but it's great!  This Jimmy John's is located on Durango Drive, next door to a the former Carmine's (now a Dotty's), in a strip center.  The drive-thru is in the back of the entire building.  One Jimmy John's is the same as the rest- same menu and speedy fast sandwiches.  I've noticed that their menu has changed slightly- addition of cucumbers, bringing back sprouts (if wanted), etc.  Some Jimmy John's give punch cards (Maryland Parkway location, for example) but this one doesn't give punches and doesn't accept the free sandwich cards.  Kinda random.  I'm going to see if they deliver to my house for next time, because sometimes I'm craving their bread- it's so good!
2 Expensive,  smallish sandwiches which are delivered light fast.  $17.95 for 2 sandwiches is pricey in my opinion.
3 Sandwiches are ok depends on who is making them sometimes really good. They are very inconsistent which is aggravating. They are pretty quick!!!!
5 Great sandwiches and we are fans of this place!
4 After many visits to San Antonio Texas I became a fan of Jimmy John's along time ago. I only wish we had more locations in Las Vegas, or at least one that delivered to my address.  However, the Jimmy John's location on Durango is by far my favorite! Their sandwiches are always fresh, fast, and delicious!! As stated before my favorite is the #12 which is the beach club and they really are freaky fast, but to make it even better this location has a drive-thru!  An always friendly staff, it's quick & convenient, fresh & delicious, and relatively inexpensive--a good choice overall. -B
1 Jimmy Johns use to be so great, but i guess it's more about being fast than making a good sandwich or making how someone ordered it.  The sandwiches are dry and sad. and not made to order.
