5 No one really likes going to the dentist, but all 3 of my kids LOVE this dentist!! They have had cleanings, and have had cavities filled and the entire office staff is nothing but friendly!! I would recommend them to anyone with kids!!
5 One of the worst things about moving to a new area has to be establishing relationships with new doctors, dentists, etc. A friend referred me to Kidtastic because she really likes the dentists and they are great with her daughter who is terrified of going. Luckily I don't have that problem, my kids LOVE the dentist even though they have had a ton of dental work.  The office is small but very kid friendly, of course. There is a tv showing a movie and a couple video games for the kids to play while they wait. When the kids were done with their appointment they got a water bottle and a token to get a toy out of the machine. Cute.  I felt like the dentist really took his time with each girl and didn't rush through the exam. Our previous offices were HUGE, with tons of chairs in a line and they were in and out. Not here. They really took the time and asked if I had any concerns and answered questions that I had.   I would definitely recommend this office to anyone looking for a pediatric dentist. The receptionists are incredibly helpful. I called on a Thursday just to see if they accepted my insurance and when they confirmed they did, they got all of my information and got the kids scheduled that following Monday.
1 I DO NOT recommend this dentist.  We were referred to them and took our 2 yr old son for a checkup.  He had a cavity that needed to be fixed so we went back to fix it.  Our son had never been to the dentist and was naturally a bit afraid.  The staff was good at trying to calm him down but the dentist did not feel comfortable working on him.  I understood the dentists concerns.  The trouble started when I tried to get a refund since no work was done.  It's been a nightmare ever since.  I've spent the last 3 months calling them and hearing every excuse in the book.  I'm tired of them telling me that the check is in the mail.  Likewise I have other things to do than call them everyday to try to get my money back for a service they never provided.
1 Thought I would update my post.  We did eventually receive a refund from Kidtastic with a movie voucher.  The refund was about $40.  Short but after fighting so long I decided to let it go.  I took my son to another dentist.  The dentist was very patient and able to get my son to sit quietly in the chair while he did a thorough evaluation.  It turned out that my son never had any cavities but just staining of his teeth.
5 These Dentist are amazing.  My son did not want anything to do with getting his teeth cleaned.  He was about to have a massive, screaming tantrum when the dentist came in.  He spent 45minutes with my son.  The dentist let him play with the cleaning tools, he helped my son understand there purpose of each tool, and feel comfortable with everything.  He was creative, positive and flexible.  My 5 year old son has a sensory integration disorder.  This was his third trip to the dentist.  We had gone in with tons of preparation, but in a few minutes of being in the chair I was afraid we would not be successful - because of the time a patients the dentist gave my son the appointment was a success.  All three of the Doctors have seen my son over the past year and a half and all of them are wonderful.  This was his first full cleaning.  I left the office with smiling kids.  My son told everyone all day about getting his teeth cleaned.  My daughter is two and loves getting her teeth checked.  We have moved an hour and a half away from this office, but I will continue to make the trip to Mesa for my kids dental appointments - this is how awesome the Dentist here are.
5 LOVE this place, the lady that took the x-rays of my daughters teeth was sooo nice along with the dentist. my daughters teeth are great so I never got any of her work done, but I referred a few ppl here and no complaints either. my daughter loves the dentist, and she feels since the dentist told her to let me help her brush her teeth sometimes she will.
