5 Cannot say enough great things about Dr. Hoban and her staff.  I take my one, three and four year old there in one visit.  The waiting room is wonderful with plenty of activities to keep the kids attention and I have never had to wait very long.  The staff did an excellent job cleaning all of my children's teeth and making it fun by letting them choose from a variety of yummy tooth paste and they got to pick cute glasses to wear during the visit.  You can tell Dr. Hoban truly cares about her patients because she took the time to answer all of my questions and give some advice for maintaining their dental health at home until our next check up.  I highly recommend this dentist and office.
5 Took great care of my 4 yr old. The waiting area is really fun and exciting to the kids and the staff and dentists are wonderful. Will be back
5 It took me 30 minutes each way but it was well worth the drive for my 17-month old's first dental appointment. From the receptionist to the hygienist (Melanie) to the doctor, everyone was very friendly. Each procedure was explained to me without feeling rushed and all of my questions were addressed. The reason why I chose Dr. Hoban to begin with was she allows parents to accompany their child for their cleaning. Many places that I looked at online (and that are much closer to me) allow parents in the room for the first visit only. I like having the option bc who knows what my child will be like for future appointments. My child (who is shy around others and hates opening her mouth for me to look at her teeth) did not cry and was able to get her teeth cleaned as well as a fluoride treatment. Before we left, she got to pick a toy and got a bag full of dental goodies. Overall, I was very impressed and highly recommend this place! Now if they would only open an office closer to my home...
5 Dr. Hoban and her staff are awesome.  I have two children (5 and 7) and they are always happy to go to the dentist.  Dr. Hoban is extremely attentive and helpful and the staff are excellent with kids.  I highly recommend Dr. Hoban.
5 Love love love Dr. Hoban and staff. My daughter has high needs when it comes to dentistry and Dr. Hoban and her staff have the skills and empathy to handle kids who need that extra TLC! We've not only gotten great care in the office, but Dr. Hoban will call at night after a procedure just to check on the kids. She's awesome and trust me, we've been other places and will never go elsewhere...and that's saying a lot because Dr. Hoban is not an in network doc for us. It's worth it to me to pay extra for better care all around!
5 Best kids dentist in Vegas! Excellent staff and Dr. Hoban is amazing, office is kid friendly and relaxing for kids.    Kids have a perfect game area to relax/distract before the appointment and afterwards love to pick something from the treasure chest.
5 BEST EVER kids dentist!  Dr. Hoban is amazing with little ones, and being a mom herself helps moms like me relax and understand!  The office is super kid friendly and fun.  I drive an hour to bring my kids to her and recommend the practice at every opportunity I get.
5 Dr. Hoban is amazing! There is no better pediatric dentist in town. She's kind and patient with my children, and the kids love her. Staff is professional and courteous every time I call.
5 Dr. Hoban and her staff are great! Dr. Hoban took her time to answer any questions or concerns I had. She even called us after my daughter had some work done to make sure she was feeling ok. For sure lucked out on finding a great dentist for my kiddos.
5 I love this dentist. So do my kids. It was my sons first time. They were very helpful with him. And my daughter loved it from the moment she walked in. The decor is very cute. And the staff is beyond helpful and sweet. Dr Hoban was very informative and I highly recommend her office.
