5 We were in Mesa AZ over the Christmas and new Years we stopped at this fruit stand and found the best citrus in town. We bought home a few different citrus products along with some pistachios the best we has tasted. I love grapefruits and the lady working said I needed to sample the sweetest grapefruit and it was. I purchased 20 of them and purchased 20 med. oranges as they say. And brought them home to Washington State. All of it was gone within the week. I thought I would find this place online not knowing the name of the place I did a google map and located the place. I just ordered on the phone for them to ship citrus to me. The Grapefruits that I had bought will not be out until Dec to Feb. but was able to purchase the Med. Oranges and 2 pounds of pistachios. If you have never tasted oranges from an orange grove you are missing out. They taste nothing like the produce you get in the store. Today TY helped me over the phone and was very nice and very helpful. I look forward to my box arriving next week.
5 YEAH!! My favorite citrus stand is open as of today for the season. They grow oranges, grapefruit, lemons, all are delicious. They also carry local candies, syrups. They will ship anywhere in the country.   Nice family that runs this operation. Have been going here for years. The best citrus in the area.   Great place for locals to go and see all the nutty snowbirds taking pictures of their significant other in front of a fruit tree. Really?
5 Oranges that are ORGAZMIC!   The Best Oranges you will ever dine on!  I was turned onto B&B Farms by an ex girl friend and I was blown away by the fruit! She's long gone but the oranges live on! Every December I order a box in and then stop into the farm in March for the end of the crop.   B&B Farms oranges are succulent, juicy and BURST with flavor! Now I purchase the giant one which are the size of a softball, but you can't go wrong spending the extra coin for them. Also the grapefruits are explosive with flavor along with the tangelos.  If your in the Valley of The Sun then drive out to Mesa for the treat of a lifetime. You''ll be hooked for life!
