5 After seeing the review by Edinburgh spotlight I knew I had to check this one out. I recently found out I couldn't eat gluten anymore, and thought I would never eat scones again. Casa Angelina make gluten free scones every morning.  Located on London road, an elegant road next to Broughton street, one immediately sees a display of beautiful cakes in the basement window. It's enticing.   My boyfriend and I enter, and are overwhelmed by an incredible selection: oreo cheesecake, fruit cheesecakes, scones, carrot cake, cheese scones, polenta cake, cupcakes, bundt cakes, cookies, biscotti, and much more! I was told that the orange and polenta cake, the banana cupcakes, the banana loaf cake (with buttercream icing) and the scones were GF.  We opt for a pot of the eteaket rooibos for two, my other half opts for the dense looking carrot cake, I of course get the GF scone.  We sit at the back, at a table near the window, with a view out onto the back garden/yard. The room was very cosy, mixing vintage style with modern comfort. Wooden floor panels, a lot of contrast between black and white, really comfortable seats. When we arrived it was empty, but at 4pm it suddenly became full of people after afternoon teas. A feature I loved was the dedication to the owner's grandmother, or 'nonna', above the fireplace. Apparently she was born and raised in Brindisi, in Puglia, Italy, and made the best food for miles around. This little tearoom has been dedicated to her, and I really hope it does well. The owner is clearly a dedicated baker, friendly, but at the same time not invasive in the slightest.  Our tea and food arrived, served in antique cups and plates, as one would expect from such a quirky little place in Edinburgh. My scone came served with two massive jars of jam, raspberry and blackberry, a pot of butter, and a really generous pot of clotted cream. I cut it in half, and it survived the test. It didn't crumble or fall apart like some GF products, and i really couldn't notice the lack of wheat flour. Robbie's carrot cake looked amazing. It was again, a very generous slice, plump with fruit and topped with a lot of cream cheese frosting. Both of us agreed that it was delicious.   We spent about two hours here reading and occasionally chatting, and didn't feel the least bit of pressure to leave.  The scone cost £2.25, the tea for two £3.20, the carrot cake £2.90. Not bad, comparing it to other places. You can also take away the scones for £1.80. I actually took a GF banana cupcake away, as this is a little far from home and I don't know when I will be back next. There's a loyalty card scheme, for every 5 drinks/cakes you buy, you get the 6th free.  On offer are also amazing looking afternoon teas, with some more unusual offerings such as feta and spinach parcels as alternatives to finger sandwiches. I have been told they also do a gluten free afternoon tea!  Edit: Now 31st April, the day after the cream tea. I just ate the banana cupcake. Lovely fluffy texture to the cake, which was surprising considering it was gluten free & contained banana. Usually both of these add up to=dense, fudge-like consistency. I'm impressed. The buttercream was laid on REALLY thick and I had a bit of trouble finishing it, despite it being delicious. I think that's because they sneaked some coffee into it, making it quite rich. I hope they can do a GF carrot cake next time!
5 Omg where to start?? Well it has to be the fantastic selection if gluten free cakes and scones... Yes gf scones!! This was my first scone in over two years and lets just say it met and exceeded expectations! Gf products can often be dry n crumbly but Angelina's fruit scones were just perfect!! Of course the home made raspberry jam and fresh clotted cream just added that little but extra!!  The choice of cakes (many gf) made it soo hard to choose.. Lemon drizzle, pistachio, courgette, banana & walnut, pecan pie, apple frangipani, rocky road and I can't not mention the gf caramel slice to name but a few!! All the cakes are baked on the premises and Angelina has a fantastic knowledge of dietary needs which she incorporates into the most amazing cakes!   I'd like to say it's Edinburghs best kept secret but from the constant stream of customers it seems its definitely no secret so if recommend booking in advance to secure a table in the fabulously quaint tearoom! Gf afternoon tea is easily accommodated with advance notice so I will definitely be back soon!!   Cannot recommend it highly enough-a must visit in Edinburgh!!
5 Having spotted the opening of Casa Angelina and the favourable reports of lots of GF choice, I was keen to check it out and quickly.  Scones were on my mind - I know, totally fab cakes and I wanted a scone, but a good scone is the holy grail in gluten free land. Marie Claire, the owner, listed all the options - poor lass, she rhymed them all off to get a response of 'do you have the scones?' and I breathed a sigh of relief when she confirmed that, yes, there were GF scones.  There were so many options through - at least six GF cakes and I actually felt bad for not being able to sample more - lemon drizzle, millionaires shortcakes, pistachio, courgette (they use a lot of veggies in cakes so cake here is essentially one of your five a day), banana and walnut cupcakes, apple, and more. As we were positioned with tea on one side and cake on another two then it was cake porn heaven. In the interests of research I will return to sample more varieties but this time it was for a cuppa, scone (with jam and clotted cream) and a shared piece of millionaires shortcake (couldn't resist).  I did wonder if the scone would be over done but it was lovely and held together perfectly with the clotted cream and raspberry jam. The millionaires shortcake was lovely - firm, not too hard, but not disintegrating into crumbs with a coconutty based biscuit, nice thick layer of caramel (I hate a skimpy layer!) and a good wedge of chocolate. It was delicious and very rich but having an almighty sweet tooth, I kept eating little bits and was disappointed when the little bits disappeared one by one. Tea is by Eteaket and there are lots of varieties but the breakfast tea was lovely and our pot was topped up with hot water for extra cups.   Although it's new, Casa Angelina is already on the Edinburgh hot list I would say. At 3pm on a Saturday (without a booking), we grabbed the last free table and some visitors were left disappointed by not sitting in, though did purchase consolation take away cakes. The vintage tearoom is small (decor is lots of creams and pastel colours) but very cute with vintage style chairs, chaise longue and in a lovely sunny backroom (even though Casa Angelina is at basement level, its not dark and pokey). It is worth booking in advance to avoid disappointment and I plan to go back shortly to sample the gluten free afternoon tea. Cakes are made fresh and on the premises and the chefs were bringing out fresh cakes when we were in which is great to see.  Friendly service and great prices considering some places are quite expensive for cake in town. £9.60 for pot of tea for two (refilled with hot water), 2 scones with jam and clotted cream (both ignored the butter) and the millionaires shortcake so budget friendly too :-)
5 I think it is a danger that Casa Angelina is so close to home... I can see myself just "casually stopping in" for far too many treats this Summer!  Had a fabulous afternoon tea here with some Yelpers on Sunday. I'm not sure how I managed to eat ALL the food but I was definitely stuffed to the brim when I waddled out.. (oh i totally know how.. it was all DELICIOUS!)  I really liked that the afternoon tea isn't the usual "sandwiches" on the bottom tier, which always seem to make me feel a bit bloated from so much bread. The pomegranate & quinoa salad was absolutely DEE-vine and as soon as I got home I instantly regretted not buying a portion to takeaway.  There wasn't one thing which I didn't like on the afternoon tea, which is a rare occurance.. I usually find one thing to dislike amongst the plethora of things one gets served at afternoon tea.. but I happily devoured everything which was allocated to me! I may have been eyeing up Sara's leftover brownie.. but shhh! noone else needs to know that!  Service was friendly and laid back, I appreciated that Marie Claire came upstairs to tell us what everything was.  The house made raspberry and rhubarb & vanilla jams were totally scrumptious! I would happily eat that raspberry jam with a spoon..   Good selection of teas supplied by eteaket, the chilli rooibos was super yummy and I'm sure the chilli helped my belly digest all the scrumminess!!  The dining room is preTTy small, so if you're a large group, it will pay to call ahead and book. There was a birthday party of 8 while we were there on Sunday (as a party of 6) and it did feel a bit squished.  If you're feeling super fly, you can BYOB a bottle of bubbles to really get you in the mood!! Thanks to Jackie for supplying bubbly for our table!
4 Lovely little place.  Very chic, lots of cake and a back room with a few seats!   Perfect way to hide on an afternoon in the heart of the city and to grad a good catch up with a friend too!
4 It's very cute, it's quaint, it's slightly kitsch and the seven previous, all female reviews will testify to who its key clientele is, but this little spot does more than just a great high tea...  We (a group of 3) popped in in search of a light lunch, initially not sure if there would be a table for us to sit at, as from street level it seemed to be just a little delicatessen. Once inside we realised there was another small, but comfortable room to the back were seating for around 12-14 people is provided.  What really pleased us about Casa Angelina was the quality of the ingredients used. There was an array of sandwich toppings to choose from  - hot smoked salmon and creme-fraiche, goats cheese pâté with sundried tomatoes, humus with harrisa roast vegetables are just the few which we tried, served on bran rolls. Soup of the day was butternut squash with coconut, which too very good. Together roll and soup came to £6.50.   On offer also were a selection of superb looking salads (displayed in large ceramic bowls) which would, I believe, would turn even the hardiest of carnivores eyes! (3 Colour Quinoa, Mixed Bean and radish, broad bean, lemon and lentil as well as a third option which unfortunately slips my memory).  The detox juice I had - apples, cucumber, ginger, lemon was refreshing, and the other two in our party recommended the peppermint tea from the ample selection of loose leaf teas on offer.  It was meant to be a light lunch, but we couldn't leave without trying one of the many great selections of cake/scones/tray bakes. The carrot cake in particular caught my eye, and I wasn't disappointed.  I'd definitely recommend!
5 I absolutely love this place: it is elegant and tidy, the service is impeccable, and the start is nice and friendly. The quality of the craigs is very good and the portions are generous, particularly if you want a cream tea with jam. The thing I love the most was the possibility of getting gluten free stuff, which is still very rare in the UK, where gluten allergy is quite overlooked. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4 I missed the Yelper Afternoon Tea here, which was abound with gluten free cakes and super healthy salads; and since then have made it my mission to come back.  On a lovely sunny Sunday, Miss Louise C and I met here for a rather delightful brunch. As I waited for Louise (I was early) I read the plaque above the fireplace that explained where Casa Angelina came from - the owner's grandmother, Angelina, and her kitchen that would waft delicious smells around her small Itlalian village, and her door that was always open, and how Casa Angelina was in her memory and taken her as inspiration, to be a place to meet, eat good food and always be welcome.  It's a cute place, nice decor, and whilst the back room is a little tucked 'out the back' it still feels homely. I felt very regal in my chair too!  I loved to see that they had juices on the menu - proper green juices - as well as three healthy, hearty salads each day. I did opt for the yoghurt with granola and fruit in the end, and Louise a cupcake.  The yoghurt and fruit was tasty, although perhaps not the best thing to choose on their menu. I suppose if you come here it should be for cake, or a big hearty salad. I later on went to another café and saw them offering a fruit and yoghurt salad for  £ cheaper and it looked bigger, and prettier. But hey! It was still nice.  The cakes all looked delicious, freshly baked, and it smelled amaaaaazinnnggg in here! Just like my grandma's kitchen too. I get the feeling their all family recipes too.  The coffee was also Artisan Roast, and made very well indeed.  I will certainly be back here for another coffee and cake, and one of those salads; and I do hope more people here of this lovely wee place for delicious cake and coffee breaks!
5 The tearoom itself could use some work - it's rather bare and sparsely laid out (room for at least a handful more tables in there!!) but I say mostly because they ought to to fit more people in there considering scrumptious this spread of tea goodies is.   The savories (which in most places tend to be sad and lifeless with bland fillings) were inventive and flavorful - a salmon wrap with cress, an asian noodle salad, balsamic eggplant bruschetta. The sweets were equally delightful - fresh raspberry tart, mini eclairs, salted caramel popcorn panna cotta (!!), candied orange ganache chocolate cake. This is serious.   And on top of that, two humongo raisin scones served with orange/rosemary marmalade, some kind of dark berry jam, and a potful of clotted cream.   The cost comes to about £14 per person, but we each got an extra pot of tea and I don't believe we were charged for it. If I lived in Edinburgh, you might find me here every afternoon, it's that scrumptious.
