5 Healthy Paws assures  that I am always able to provide the very best in medical care for my German Shepherd. He went from dog pound to titled service dog with help from HP.   Healthy Paws has provided excellence in every detail.  I would give them 10 stars if I could.
5 I've had Healthy Paws Pet Insurance for my German Shepherd for over two years now. They have been an absolute joy to work with over this time. They are extremely helpful and friendly, and will go out of their way to make sure your pet is taken care of. My dog recently became in need of a total hip replacement due to extreme arthritic pain, and Healthy Paws stepped in to help with the costs. I couldn't have afforded it without their help. Now my dog is on his way towards a full recovery and able to live the rest of his life very comfortably.  With the way medicinal care for dogs and cats have been advancing in the past few years, it is now essential to have health insurance for your loved ones. I really can't recommend a better insurance coverage than Healthy Paws. I pay significantly more for my own health insurance and don't get treated nearly as well as my dog gets treated by Healthy Paws!
1 Make no mistake about it... Healthy Paws is not a charitable organization. When it comes down to it they are a business first and foremost and if your pet doesn't meet their starting specifications then you are out of luck.  In January 2014 I rescued a Savannah Cat from a terminally ill lady who could no longer care for her. My cat had been through two homes at this point and was not taken care of. I took her in and had a few thousand dollars worth of work done to her out of my own pocket (mainly, teeth all removed and antibiotics). I then applied for insurance through Healthy Paws to which I was accepted ( as they will always accept you as you pay up front and then they will accept/deny your claim later). I took her in for infection and breathing and Healthy Paws denied my claim outright. They even denied the claim for ruptured anal glands.   They said that everything was a "pre-existing condition" and thus denied it all.  For granted, I am not a doctor/vet but I feel like everything could and would have been called pre-existing just for the sake of denying my claim. After all, she was neglected by the prior owners and even when in my care she needed medical care. For me to bring her to the vet for care, then months later apply for insurance, and then go back in probably did seem like me trying to scam them.  I understand their denial in part but I still find it unfortunate that one cannot rescue an animal who has been neglected and get a helping hand to try to make the animal at peace. It is not like I had the animal for 8yrs and suddenly problems set in and then I went "oh shit, I better get someone to help me pay for this." I rescued a sick cat and needed help. I even emailed them before applying and told them my situation. Still to them all was pre-existing.  I paid almost $4k caring for my cat but in the end she need more care than I could afford. This story ends as sad as it can - she needed extensive care and even that care was not guaranteed to completely fix her (she may have suffered brain damage). So in the end I did as much as I could an opted for euthanasia.  If you read the reviews of pet insurance you will notice a trend - people bought insurance long ago and probably never had any issues. After paying $25-$50 a month for nothing for 8 years sure, the insurance would pitch in. It is much like an extended warranty - the sellers hope that you never cash in. The same is true of Healthy Paws - if you buy from them and (in their opinion) think it is too soon or if they can link it to something earlier... then they will deny you.  They aren't charitable in that way.  Beware.
