5 These girls sure know how to make an amazing cupcake! Their unique cupcake flavor combinations are wonderful, the cake is really moist and their icing is the BOMB!  They also make wonderful cakes and can pretty much come up with any kind of cake based on your picture or description. My daughter saw a picture of a cake that she wanted and I am not that talented but I showed the girls the picture and they made her the cake. She was so surprised and the cake was so great, it really made her birthday!! I would recommend these girls for all your cupcake or cake needs, check out the website and order some today you won't be disappointed!!!!
5 The ladies at the Pink Cupcake LV are going to be doing my wedding cupcakes and top cake for my wedding in June.  I met them at a Bridal show in August.  I interviewed five bakeries and did several tastings.  The Pink Cupcake LV ladies have the best cake hands down.  For the tasting, they brought me a dozen full size cupcakes.  They brought them to my hotel.  At the wedding show, I tried Shirley Temple.  They were moist and flavorful and perfect.  For the tasting, we tried Key Lime, Banana Cream, Boston Cream and Cherry Almond Vanilla.  My fiancé loves the Key Lime and he isn't a cake or dessert person at all.  The Banana and Boston Cream were good, but my heart belongs to the Cherry Almond Vanilla.  It's literally one of the best cakes I have ever tasted.  The cake was moist and good and the frosting was excellent.  Not to sweet and perfectly almond.  We chose Key Lime, Cherry Almond Vanilla, Shirley Temple, Irish Car Bomb and Red Velvet for the wedding.   I can't say enough good things about these gals.  They're so nice and their cupcakes are the best.
5 I am a Vegas local and The Pink Cupcake just made my wedding cake. I only have amazing things to say about this local business... First, and probably most important, the cake was DELICIOUS. Not one crumb was spared, and we still thought it was good days later.  Second, their customer service was superb. They worked with me based on pictures of my vision, and executed perfectly.  They emailed me and responded to emails promptly. They delivered the cake to my wedding reception FREE OF CHARGE. Hands down, they were the easiest part of planning for my wedding reception.  I can't wait to use this business for another special occasion, or just simply stop by to pick up some yummy cupcakes!
5 The Pink Cupcake has made my daughters birthday cakes for 3 years now and I would never go anywhere else.  If you want exceptional taste and quality work, you must try the Pink Cupcake LV!!
