5 I love this place! I've already eaten here twice in the two weeks it's been open. Everything they offer on their menu is fresh and authentic. I had the chicken shawarma plate with a Greek salad, tzikii and baba ghanoush. It was outstanding! They had delicious fresh cucumber lemonade on hand to wash it down too. Mmmmm! Their cream and jello dessert is amazing too so be sure and save room. The service at Tzikii is just as wonderful as the food and the restaurant is clean and inviting. Seriously, you've got to give Tzikii a try. You will be happy you did! :)
5 Awesome place to grab some quick Greek food! I had the gyro pita and it was delicious. They also gave us a sample of the cucumber lemonade which was just as good (we ordered a full glass after we tried it). I'll be back here soon. I've heard good things about their Greek fries so that's next on my list. The owner also owns the hookah bar next door which is the best hookah bar in town, hands down.
3 This section of Tempe has received a glut of Greek restaurants in the past year. Within a 2 mile radius there's  Niro's, Mika's, Café Greco and one other I can't remember the name of. This place is clean and the staff is friendly but all of their food is already precooked and waiting for you in hotel pans. Which is great if you're on the go, but if you like the taste of gyro cut right off of the spit as you wait then this isn't your place. I'll go back and try and try some of items before I make any final decisions.  This place is a little hard to find so look next to the T-Mobile behind the gas station.
5 The shawerma was amazing,  and the cucumber lemonade was so delicious!  I was skeptical about the lemonade but tried it and was sooo glad I did.  New favorite pita spot
5 We hat the Tempe Chamber ribbon cutting last night and Mo and his team were right on point, being a Greek Egyptian fusion place the flavors were wonderful.  Mo let me try the "Koshari" was fantastic for a vegan dish and I cant wait to get a full order.  The Chicken Schwarma I hear was the bomb.  with 26 people attending we all come out with smiles. To wash it all down with a big cup of Cucumber Lemonade pushed this meal over the top.  My office is 1 block from this place it has now become one of my hangouts.  If you need a group setting they own Nara Hookah Lounge right next door, very clean and great Turkish coffee.
5 Tried the food there recently and was pleasantly surprised at the quality!  Everything tasted delicious, the portions were good, the staff was friendly and the prices fair.  If you're in the neighborhood there, stop by and give them a try yourselves :).
5 Excellent authentic Greek food- not a chain! Welcoming customer service.  Beef Schwarma (sp?) and Gyro combos.  Really good dips (so good we took more takeout for home).   We had homemade "Cucumber Lemonade".  Great choice!!  They are in small shopping strip mall near Terri's Consignment.
3 Not really impressed. Got the chicken shawarma plate and it tasted really salty and dry.  It's all precooked and sitting in front of you at the counter like a cafeteria.   For the price (over ten dollars for a plate) you can get better tasting Mediterranean that is cooked to order. Try MedFresh Grill on mill ave north of university and you'll see what I mean.  Maybe the gyros are better? There are a lot of 5 star reviews, not sure what I'm missing here.
5 From the Mediterranean Sea to the Deserts of Arizona, Tzikii Pita Grill is definitely the best place to eat!!!  I drive from North Scottsdale, and it is WORTH the extra 35 minute drive for food this GREAT!!! The menu has great choices, has its own unique flavor that no other Mediterranean/ Greek restaurant can measure up to in Phoenix. One of my favorite is the chicken salad topped with TZIKII sauce A-mazing!!!  The owner Mino runs this place, he has amazing culinary skills and his dishes prove it!!! And if you want to smoke hookah visit right next door Nara Lounge, Mino owns that as well!! :)  ENJOY!!!
5 Try the chicken shwerma bowl! It's absolutely delicious. I had a salad with it which was great perfect portion size. The cucumber lemonade was freshly made and so good- a drink unique to tzikii. If you're hungry for a Greek meal I highly recommend this spot. Don't forget to have done baklava for dessert!!
5 Super friendly staff and really great tasting food. They have some great vegan options too, can't beat it!
5 Among the best cooked gyro meat I've ever had. Also accommodated gluten free request by providing veggie sticks instead of pita bread served with hummus.
5 Holy delicious Gyros and Schwarma!!!!  And the nicest people in the world working there.  Don't miss this hidden gem!!
2 I work close by so a coworker and I tried the place today. I had the reg gyro sandwhich and she had the gyro salad.   My gyro was basically lettuce only. There was hardly any meat. Plus, the gyro was greasy, which made the pita soggy.. I have never had a greasy gyro before today so I was surprised...  My friend told me that her salad barely had any meat, as well. Her salad was $9 and was basically lettuce...  We both agree that we will not be going back
5 The chicken shawarma pita at Tzikii grill is one of the best I have had. The pita was packed full of savory chicken with just the right amount of added fillings and delicious tzikii sauce.   We also got a side order of hummus which was very tasty and a good thick consistency.   To top it off the staff was exceedingly friendly.  All of this added up to quite an unexpected lunch experience.
1 Hair on gyro meat. Enough said. Lost my appetite, but I wanted a bowl thinking it came with veggies and all of the fixins but it was just rice and meat I would rather have gone to Chipotle ...never again
4 Good food. Had the bowl so I could use the coupon. Would come back to try the pita! Get the yellow rice, it's healthier and super good. :)
5 I always have the falafel pita combo. Very fresh and yummy! The staff is polite and patient. It's a small place, but I appreciate the indoor/outdoor seating options.
4 What a delightful find!  Stopped by for a quick bite; had the falafel pita which was very good, made to order and fresh. I was given a sample of their spicy dip and chips; quite tasty. And the best baklava (with nutella) that I ever had in my life...this sweet melt in your mouth experience was wonderful. Worth going back to !!
2 Either my thirst is real or they accidentally spilled the salt container on the shawarma container before placing it in the heating dish. The spicy baba ganoush was good but the overly salty chicken forced me to ask for a side of regular hummus to balance the flavor. It wasn't too bad but the fact that I paid over $10 for a medium sized lunch and a pathetic salad makes me not want to come back, even with the yelp check in offer.
4 Good solid gyro plate or sandwich.  The chicken Shawerma looked great to.  I just wish the had chicken kebab too.
5 Yum! I had cucumber lemonade & a GREAT vegan koshari plate w/ salad, hummus,& a pita!  All for Only $10!!!  It was super Delicious with good portions! I'm definitely coming here more often.
5 Everytime I'm in the area, I stop here for some delicious middle eastern food. They have gluten free options as well as vegetarian plates. The spicy tahini sauce is crazy delicious...as well as theoir tzaziki dip (spelling?)...
1 Compared to Hummus Express this place is a joke.  You get twice the amount of food with a much greater selection at Hummus Express. If you are on a diet eat here.  If you are hungry go to Hummus Express.
5 My awesome wife and I decided to try this place. She got the chicken Schwarma salad. I decided to get the Gyro plate.  I'll admit I was a little bit hesitant. I wasn't sure if I wanted to risk a bad meal at a small restaurant I had never heard of. No problems here! Both of us got great food.  The portion sizes were really good. My wife is very picky with the quality of chicken and she loved it. They even gave her a sample to make sure she liked it and they even have diet Dr. Pepper, her favorite.   The value was excellent. We will definitely be back.
