5 Originally Last Exit Live existed in a small Tempe shopping center and bands like Gin Blossoms, Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers, and The Format had played there. The venue shuttered years ago only to reopen in central Phoenix mere blocks south of Chase Field in March 2013. While the Last Exit Live named lived on through co-owner's, Brannon's, booking live music through the valley, it was finally time to reopen the Last Exit Live venue. This time it was central Phoenix and is the perfect venue for 150~ people in the old Ruby Room warehouse. Last Exit Live forwent a full liquor license to pump more money into the sound system to create the perfect mid-level music venue in Phoenix. Between a near perfect sound system and awesome light system, with a beer and wine license and food trucks on the weekends, this is the place to be. Last Exit Live has changed the game for Arizona music.
5 This place has outdone their selves with their sound system. It's a cool little spot to catch a show or in my case play a show. The sound guy is great to work with. The bar rules, they have good prices and probably about 10 local beers on tab. No liquor though so they do a lot of sake mixed drinks. I don't even know what a sake mixed drink is, but I guess it's a real thing so come try one.
1 I don't know what the fuss is all about.  It's just the old Ruby Room with a new coat of paint, an ostentatious sound system and a pretentious attitude to go with it.  There are still pan handling crack heads and wheel chair ridden amputees roaming the parking lot.  Just getting from your car to the door of the club can be an adventure.  The addition of a large RV parked outside the back door was new (maybe the club owner lives in it?)  For any bands who are considering booking a show at Last Exit Live, there are a few things you need to know:  The sound check that the promoter promised you 3 hours before you go on stage will not happen.  However, you won't find out about this until you get there, so bring something to read for a few hours while you wait.  Also, the bar does not give bands drink tickets, so you'll be buying your own refreshments while you're waiting for the non existent sound check that you arrived early to get (unless you want to share a bottle with the homeless guy sitting outside next to your car).  There are also no dressing rooms for you to wait in while you're enjoying the drink you just had to pay for before the sound check you left work early and drove across town to get that you're not getting (get it?). Depending on who is working the board, the sound man will demand that you play so quietly, all you'll hear on stage are the drums.  Maybe he'll turn up the monitors a pinch if he likes the way you beg.  However, the house mix will be loud enough that the audience will hear you fumble around in the sonic equivalent of darkness.  For folks who like to see live music, if you want to go to the worst part of town to see bands that can't get better gigs at a pretentious ghetto bar that doesn't even stock the most basic liquors, then this red velvet dive is for you.  Otherwise, you'll definitely have better luck searching for sounds in the more civilized parts of town.
3 This place is where the Ruby Room used to be.  Still pretty much the same layout.  It looks like they may have repainted it.  They bands were good and the sound was really good.  They don't have a full bar though.  Only beer and wine.  I'm assuming they are still waiting on a liquor license.
4 This place has expanded the geographic scope of the high-quality small venue circuit in the Phoenix metro-area, creating a satellite point of excellence in an adventurous neighborhood.  It gets all kinds of cool points for setting up camp on the 'wrong side of the tracks' and staking a claim in the revitalization of warehouse district.  I guess it used to be the Ruby Room back in the day, but has been all done-up since then.    Aside from that, the place is a legitimately good place to see a live show, with noticeably above-average sound quality and a robust lighting operation (which makes for fantastic live-shot publicity photos, bands!).  It is has a swanky lux vibe with velvety red curtains on the stage, but is also intimate and cozy, so you feel like you're at a private party or a speakeasy.  The outdoor patio is an equally pleasant place to hang when it's time for a break from the jams, closed in with a nice fence, it's all clean and fresh out there..seems like there's always a light breeze.  One of my favorite things about it is the beer on draft.  Last I checked, 4 out of their 6 taps were Four Peaks selections, and good ones at that.  The other taps were also local brews (Sleepy Dog and SanTan, I think..?).  Also, they have one of my favorite wines and also carry cider, which is awesome.  They do not have hard liquor, which I'm sure is a bummer to some, but okay by me.  Sake, though!  Try one of their sake-tinis.    They also have a steady stream of good bands, both local and mid-level national touring acts.  Whoever's on the calendar usually has some pretty cool stuff going on.  As a musician who's performed there, I can say that the sound is top quality on stage (I can hear my vocals better than anywhere), and I dig the side-stage ramp load in.  There is a cool airstream trailer in the back that doubles as a green room sometimes which is pretty sweet.    The only real drawback (other than that the ladies room is a bit tight for my claustrophobia) is trying to get people to go there as it's just a bit off the beaten path and hard to find if you've not been there before.  But once people check it out they keep coming back (especially photographers because it's such a great place to capture live band shots..seriously, I always see them there).  Anyway, go to Last Exit Live and check it out.  You can wear your nice clothes and they won't get grungy, but there's certainly no dress code either.  I like that too.  It's not divey nor douchey.  Just a nice mix of good stuff...clean and nice and new, but still has tons of character.
5 Hands down my favorite venue/bar in town!   Well air conditioned great space inside, comfortable patio outside if you want to chat, the sound system is fantastic, the bands they book never disappoint, the drinks are tasty, and there are always interesting, friendly people there. I love that they have so many week night shows, there is always something fun happening.   (Weird bonus, the ladies bathroom is nice - an unusual perk for the bars I am used to).
5 This place is one of the best local venues in downtown! As a musician sound and the interaction with the audience are two things I look for in a venue /bar. This place does both of those very well. Whether I am playing a show or just seeing a show the place does not disappoint. You can get right up close to the performers. As a musician you always wonder how it sounds to the audience. I have been told at least a couple of times  "that's the best I have ever heard you guys sound". The one thing I really dig as a performer and fan is the curtain for the stage. Nothing is quite like that first note/ chord of your opening song ringing out as the curtain opens! And seeing a band like that is always fun for me too. The staff there are great too. All in all a great place to see a show or grab a locally brewed beer!
5 My friend's band played a show on a Monday night here. I had missed their last six shows so I was obligated to go even though I hate going out on weeknights. And "Last Exit Live"? What is that? Oh, the old Ruby Room.   Upon arrival I took a mental note of the venue. It hit all of the right spots. A nice patio for when you need to get away from the music, friendly staff, decent beers on tap, good prices, and a really great looking stage.   Let me tell you about the sound, though. I've seen my friend's band play at several venues around town and--not taking anything away from the other places--this place made them sound the best. Loud but with clarity.   I feel like downtown phoenix really needed another venue like this since Modified stopped doing shows. I'll definitely be back sometime soon.
5 They've taken the Ruby Room, a bar with a stage to another level, and created one of the better music venues in Phoenix.   The booking, sound quality, stage & lighting are top notch. This venue will very soon top the list of  for performers and music lovers once word gets out.   If you see or hear of a show at Live Exit, head over and check it out. They don't mess around. Only top quality will do for them.
5 What a gem. A real phoenix in Phoenix. Small, intimate, nice, clean, good stage, good sound, good lights, good beers on tap, friendly staff, clean restrooms... man this place is nice. Last time I was here, it was not the same place. This place RULES.
5 My band just played here on Saturday for our tour Kick Off show. What a night. Everything was perfect! The guys here are real pros. Everyone from Brian doing the sound (was wearing a shirt that said "Perfectionist". Accurate description!) who made us sound freaking great, to Devon behind the bar who was such a cool dude... the entire staff was so cool. This place had such a good vibe! They even had a built in green room, an old Airstream with the A/C on where the bands can change, eat, do their hair, makeup, etc. This is the best small venue I have played in Phoenix. The sound was amazing, the stage was great... the LIGHTING! Everyone told us that we looked great in that light. Not only was this my new favorite place to play in Phoenix, but it was so much fun to watch the other bands as well. I look forward to coming back!
5 Last Exit Live opened in April of 2013 and I have been there well over 60 times!!!  The sound and the people here are very awesome and we are very happy to have such an amazing local music scene that plays here weekly!!
1 As my girl and I leave Gilbert in search of live music we hit this place for the first time. Our excitement is high after we just left the Crescent Ballroom and head over to our 2nd bar of the night.........F*%K ME......what a waste.  No parking at all, we walk up and pay $10 cover EACH.......this is going to be good right?..........No.......no seating, theres like 4 tables and people sitting on the floor watching a guy playing acoustic guitar on stage. Maybe 25 people in there.....and NO ALCOHOL.....beer and wine only.  I payed $20 for open mic and a horrible draft beer.  I have no idea what I paid $20 for.  Last Exit.........Last time for me!!!
