4 I rate this place a 4 star... The staff here are very welcoming, they are always ready to assist their clients... Quietness is a major plus for me since I work nights.. During all hours.. Well except the garners during Mondays.. But that can't be help if you want this place too look great!    However parking is not well constructed.. But the parking cAnt be help either, who ever had this place before this company owner took over  had really narrow parking spaces.. Which is why I down mark by one star.   But overall I think this place deserves a good rating and that's why I rate MOZAIC a 4 star. Any question feel free to msg me.   Thx..
1 This place is simply terrible and I am so glad to have moved out. Many issues over the course of my residency, and it continues even after I moved. You can my full review here: www.apartmentratings.com/AZ/Phoenix/Apartments-at-Steele-Park-formerly-Empirian-at-Steele-Park-Jefferson-at-Steele-Park-_602795390085012/review-1509896  Don't let the name Mozaic fool you with limited reviews. They keep changing the name even though they have had the same management company for over a year
4 Perhaps overdue, I wanted to take some time to get to know the pros and cons of living at Mozaic at Steele Park. We have lived here since October of 2013 so I finally feel somewhat qualified to submit a knowledgeable review.    Honestly, looking at previous reviews, I was apprehensive, to say the least, to consider moving here.  From what I understand, this complex came under new management some time ago and I am guessing the change was for the better.  I can not speak to the old management but current management are friendly, knowledgeable and professional.    Maintenance issues are handled freaky fast.  I place an online request for maintenance and no sooner than I press the enter button is someone at my door.  Ok, maybe not quite that fast, but, seriously within 10 to 15 minutes.     The grounds are surprisingly beautiful considering the amount of people who live here.  Each morning, on my way to my car, I see maintenance people walking around the complex cleaning and picking up.  Several times a month I see gardeners mowing grass and pulling weeds.    I have never had an issue with parking, I actually like that fact that we have a gated parking garage that keeps my car out of the sun.  We have one complimentary assigned parking spot and one can get an additional spot for a nominal fee.    The Mozaic complex is huge with hundreds of units but I am constantly surprised how quiet it is.  Yes, sometimes on a Friday or Saturday night you hear people but that will happen anywhere you live.    Some of the amenities includes 2 sparkling clean pools, a 24 hour accessible gym, gas barbeques, business center, DVD's available to check out at no cost.  Pet friendly community.
