3 This motel is trying to be good but giving it 3 stars is a little strong.  The room we stayed in had been recently remodeled and may (just maybe) explains the smell in the room when we first walked in each tme although we could not identify the smell.  The breakfast was basic and the ice machine on our floor was not working.  The bed was not great.
2 The front desk staff were nice and gave good information. The second floor room we were in was small and offered basic amenities: coffee maker, refrigerator but the television and cable connection were a little old. The remote control drove me crazy. I wish the pillows were a little more firm. The floor between the beds creaked a lot. That bothers me. The A/C did work well. There was breakfast offered the next morning and they had a good selection. It saves you a few dollars.
2 Good: I got a ground floor suite, very cool room, two TVs, two air conditioners door to separate the bedroom from the rest of the suite, that's all worth one star.  Bad: Side card slide entrance was broke and always open, not too secure. I checked in on Sunday and the same garbage was piled on top of the garbage can when I left on Wednesday. I always wear socks in hotel rooms and at the end of the day they were dirty enough I just threw them away. Checked out several days early due to a cockroach running up my leg while I was taking a crap.
3 This inn is definitely the place to go if you aren't willing to spend too much money on spending the night, which I certainly was not. The rooms are well maintained and reasonably spacious and the facilities of the hotel were decent. There's plenty of various furniture and stuff in your room.   We had a TV as well as a work desk and chair. It was definitely worth paying the price we did to stay in the inn. The breakfast in the next morning was excellent with plenty of choice and the staff were considerate and polite and they kept the place very clean. They did have some good facilities such as the pool which is really refreshing when the weather is good.   There isn't really anything to complain about, we definitely got a good deal for the price we paid and it was well worth the money.   I would probably stay there again when I'm in Phoenix.
3 In town for weekend and wanted to be fairly close to Chase Field. Staff was very nice and let us check in early after a very long drive....great start. Room was clean and beds were very comfortable. Pool and jacuzzi were clean and operational.Hotel location is in an industrial area so don't expect to be able to walk around. I'd stay again for sure...clean and comfortable and also surprisingly quiet.
