1 I found this company through a recent Groupon. I called them on Weds and even though it was during normal business hours, it went straight to voicemail. I left a detailed message stating I wanted to make an appointment and I included my name and phone number. 48 hours later, I still did not have a call back. So, on Friday afternoon, I called them again. This time, a man answered the phone, and despite the long intake time, we scheduled the appointment for Tues between 9-11am. Well Tues (3/19) came and so did 11am and there was no sign of them. Even though I had given the man two phone numbers, neither one was called. My husband called and left a message around 1130am and we were called back about two hours later. Some excuse was given about his truck breaking down and having no cell service and another appointment was made for later that same day. When the worker arrived, I was surprised he was alone. He immediately tried to upsell us on a $170 service involving a biowash. We just bought this house a year ago, we have had nothing like this done previously, and we wanted to try for what we paid for first. Well, that didn't really happen. The groupon we bought was for air duct cleaning, system analysis and mold inspection. I heard nothing about the latter two nor is it written on our invoice. As for the air duct cleaning, he opened up one vent that leads down our hallway and vacuumed that out and then he opened up one vent in the kitchen and vacuumed that out. If find it hard to believe that air duct cleaning involves only two vents. How did that get into all three bedrooms and two bathrooms properly? Although I admit I am not a "pro" about air ducts, I can assure you they are not either. I feel ripped off. This was a very poor experience all around and I will not be hiring them again or referring them.
5 This was probably the first time I felt comfortable having a service guy in my home. From the first confirmation call, Rene spoke to me as if he's known me for years. I always hear nightmare stories about Groupons for home services however I have nothing but great feedback for Rene at AZ Pros. He came in, greeting us with a smile and enthusiastically cleaned out all the air ducts in my condo. He even went above and beyond the groupon by washing and sanitizing our ducts.
5 Highly recommend!   I was looking for a good carpet clean for my boyfriends house they had rented for the school year, I recently got a dog and she did a little damage throughout the two bedrooms. I found Arizona Pros through a living social deal and decided to purchase the deal.   Angel arrived in the time promised and did a wonderful job!! The carpet looks brand NEW! So happy with this service and Angels work. Will definitely be a returning customer!
5 I bought a deal for a duct cleaning, but they went ABOVE & BEYOND. There was a smell coming from my duct system, so they got up on the roof and checked to see where the odor was coming from - this has been a problem for 6 months and I've had other companies out here, all of whom had no idea and didn't look hard enough to FIND the source of the awful rotten egg smell that was coming through my vents. I can't BELIEVE it, but I think these guys finally took care of the problem. THANKS Rene & Angel!
5 I found Arizona Pros on Amozon I needed my office carpet cleaned.  I was extremely wowed and amazed on how clean they got the carpets.  They are now coming in once every month to clean carpets .  Thank you Rene for the passion you have in doing what you are doing.
5 Just had my Air Ducts inspected and cleaned ... I got the Living Social coupon for the AZ Pros Carpet & Airduct service - the deal was great and so was Rene.  He answered all my questions and took the time to explain everything to me.   The whole process went quickly and Rene was thorough.  Great family company - will recommend them to friends.  Thank you AZ Pros!!!
5 I had my air ducts inspected and sanitized.  Their customer service was excellent and professional.  I highly recommend them!  I can't wait to have them come back and do my tile and grout cleaning too.
5 Rene just left my home after cleaning my air ducts and I couldn't be happier! Not only did he keep in contact with me about what time to expect him, but he could not have been nicer! He did a very thorough job cleaning the ducts and even went above and beyond to check my A/C unit for any signs of air pollutants. I will definitely be using this company, and specifically Rene again very soon! I highly recommend this company for anyone that needs their air ducts cleaned.
5 For some reason this company shows up twice on yelp so I wanted to add my review to both listings so everyone knows how great they are! Rene couldn't have been nicer and I really felt like he went above and beyond while at my house. Although our air ducts were not very dirty, he checked out A/C unit to see if there were any signs of mold or mildew to ensure our air quality was good. He was polite, thorough and timely which i have found is not very common in the service industry anymore. I highly recommend using this company for your air duct cleaning and specifically Rene!
5 Great work!  Attention to detail.  Addressed all the needs of my entire house - the ducts hadn't been cleaned in 10 years and they brought them back to new.  You definitely want Justin to do your job.  He worked 5 hours straight without a break.  Could have not have been more professional or polite.  Their prices are extremely competitive and their work is top notch.  I cannot say enough positive accolades.
