5 We were anxiously awaiting our favorite sports bar so once we found out they opened on Friday, we were there for grand opening happy hour. Wings were perfect (golden medium with a side of hot) wife got her fave (Monnoco Foccacia). Food came out quickly and accurately despite being full to capacity and a 30 min wait to sit. Beer was ice cold in a frozen mug. Service was friendly and we were greeted by one of the owners and the manager. Needless to say we will be back as they have consistently served us great food no matter which location.
1 Horrible!!! Avoid this place! The service is bad, we never received our food which may be a good thing since i saw multiple tables send their food back. Do yourself a favor and drive across the parking lot to Whiskey Rose.
2 I was excited to see Zipps was open and decided to go there with my husband and kids.  We got there at 6:30pm on a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Luckily we were immediately seated because there was space on the patio.   I didn't get a good look inside, but it seemed really bright and did not have much ambiance. I know it's a sports grill, but still. The patio is nicer if the weather is decent.  We ordered three dozen wings (mild,mild golden and hot), chicken skewers, chips & salsa, and pizza.  It's a good thing we ordered the chips because it took them over 45 minutes to serve us the food. We looked around and noticed there were a lot of people also waiting to eat.   The wings were decent and you can't beat the happy hour price of $6/dozen before 7pm. The wings are more crispy than juicy. We ordered the mild wings for the kids. They had a little kick to them, so next time I will just order them dry. The kids enjoyed the cheese pizza slices and the chicken skewers. The skewers comes with two sauces you can choose from and they had a light batter. They're bland without the dipping sauce (perfect for kids who love ranch or BBQ sauce). The chips were o.k.  Don't expect the thick corn tortilla chips you get at a Mexican restaurant. It comes with a side of spicy guacamole and salsa.  We normally love Zipps, but I think we will wait for them to work out their issue with the kitchen before going back any time soon. It's obvious by the crowd that this area wants them to succeed. The kitchen is not able to keep up with the demand in the front. It's a good thing our kids weren't starving because that would have made our experience worse.
5 Tonight was my first trip to Zipps. The place is nice inside and had lots of big tv's to watch the games.  The food was excellent!!!!  The wings were the best I have had in awhile. They were meaty, juicy, and a little crispy. I had a bacon cheese burger which was one of the best ones I have had in the Phoenix area. They were big patties and most importantly they were freshly made patties and were not the frozen pre made ones like you get at most places. Another bonus was the homemade onion rings. The batter was light and crispy. I also like that they had specials for everyday and night of the week.  It's a locally owned restaurant and I like the fact that there food is made fresh.  I will definitely be back!!!!
1 Been here 45 mins....no food yet.   Think they need to get their act together in the kitchen.   This is unacceptable.  I hope they get this in order....would love to have a great place like this in our neighborhood.
5 Thank God Zipps is in south Chandler! Great food and great atmosphere. Definitely recommended.
4 This is a cool sports bar & grill that my cousin took me to while visiting Chandler.  They have lots of TVs and yes, the atmosphere is a little loud so its difficult to hear more than one or two conversations at a time but the food and drinks are amazing.  I ordered the chicken fingers with a half & half of sweet potato chips and onion rings.  Their fries aren't as great as the sweet potato chips and onion rings.  Their onion rings aren't heavily breaded and fried so it has a thin ring which makes it pretty tasty.  Their taco salad looked amazing and had a good spicy sauce to go with it.  Their burgers are HUGE !! The meat is pretty thick (at least 1/4 pound) so splitting a burger with a friend isn't a bad idea. I don't drink pop very often so I opted out for a lemonade with some grenadine at the bottom.  It was DELICIOUS !!
2 Not a good experience not a terrible slow service and poor food quality but not where I would go again anytime soon.  Ordered their Egg Rolls or whatever they're called and they were greasy. Nothing special about the place.  I suggested to the Manager to up his fryer's temperature so he'd get a faster fry and maintain a higher temp during the higher volume.
1 If I could no stars I would. We Wanted to try out the new local Zipps but were sadly disappointed. We were seated quickly and just sat there for 16 minutes without a single server to even take stop by with a simple "I'll be right with you". The table next to us had been could tell of our frustration and the gentlemen said they ordered burgers 45 minutes ago and still hadn't received them..
4 UPDATE!!!    Returned tonight after 2 months, and it had changed for the better.  See additional review for details!   My husband and I are huge fans of Zipps, so we were excited to find out that one was opening near our house in South Chandler.  We were pleasantly surprised to find the place packed on a Thursday night.  The noise level was extremely high, but we shrugged it off since it was a sports bar.  My husband ordered his favorite, the Sweet Jalapeño Burger.  I ordered the Monaco Foccacia, my favorite.  The waitress seemed nice enough, but took off as soon as she took our order and did not come back to check on us at all.   We were seated right across from the kitchen and we could see tickets piling up and food sitting forever in the window.  My husband was starving, and was getting increasingly annoyed as our wait time approached 55 mins.  Finally, the food runners came and plunked down a burger that had been sitting in the window so long the bun was actually hard.  I walked up to the kitchen area where employees were hanging out and asked to speak to a manager.  A young man said that he could help.  He was not the manager, but was from another store who was there to help.  He helped to get my husband another hamburger, but it came with the wrong sides and was extremely overcooked.  The hamburger was removed from the bill, but our experience was not good.  We will wait several months before we dare to go back.  Hopefully they will get their act together and be as good as the other Zipps in the area.
1 My family went there to watch March Madness and get quick bite to eat.  My husband raved about their beers and he said the food is ok so my daughter and I decided to give it a try.  I ordered fish and chips, my daughter ordered a burger and onion rings, my husband ordered sandwich and onion ring.  We waited long time to get our drinks and food.  When we got the food I was very disappointed.  My fish was so greasy that I had to blot out the oil on my napkin which soaked my napkin.  My fries greasy and when I picked it up it was limp and very salty.  My husband gave me his onion rings and it was same as my fries (greasy and salty).  It looks to me they just dropped the fries and onion rings for few seconds and took it out.  My daughter said her burger was worse than Mcdonalds burger.  I had to flag down our waitress as she never came by to see how our food was and told her the fries were uneatable and would like a sald instead.  I only asked for olive oil and lemon wedges and my daughter asked for ranch dressing for the burger.  The lettuce in salad was wilted.  I was only able to stomach couple bites.  When we finally got the bill she charged us for the Ranch dressing.  When I sent e-mail to Zipps the response I got was that they have the highest quality food and the prices area very reasonable.  It is customary to charge for side of Ranch and that they hope I would give them a try again.  I don't think so.
4 *Crying* I actually really like Zipps. I went there quite often during the March Madness.  They just opened and I haven't really had any of the bad service that others have described. I've opened or helped open various restaurants and every place is going to have growing/opening pains. That is just how it is! I wouldn't give up on it quite yet folks. If the other Zipps around the valley are of any indication, then they will shape up soon.
5 I can't believe the reviews that are any less than five stars. I have been a fan of Zipps since I have moved to the Phoenix area. This location just opened near our house and I was doing back flips. Sure they have some growing pains of a new location but those are quickly getting worked out.  The food as with all Zipps is what I will call Bar Food, although better quality than you would get in most bars. They have healthier options like my wife likes, and then the stuff with taste like I love! It always comes out hot, and tasting good. They are training cooks still so the food is a little bit different from the Scottsdale location that I go to by my work.  The atmosphere is killer, there are enough TV's to watch what ever game you want. I understand there were some issues with March Madness however this was one of their opening weeks I would expect a problem or two.   Staff is killer as well, friendly and willing to make sure your experience is great. They are there enough to make sure you're needs are met, and not there enough to annoy you.   This is a sports bar, so if I was looking for a nice quiet sit down place for a date with the wife or something quiet I wouldn't go here, but if you want good drinks, great food, and friendly staff this is the place to go.   If you're at work and need a quick lunch but not fast food this is my first choice.
3 Hamburgers were great - onion rings were very bland - fries were great.. But greasy.  Service was great and timely - but the sound level was extremely - extremely loud (don't understand why-place was only 1/2 full..)
3 Great location, in terms of proximity to home.   They have a great happy hour, so we'll definitely be going back for that.   One of my friends order the buffalo wings and found it to be a bit chewy, so not sure if that's a good one to try.  I only have tried the pizza and fries so far.   I have a feeling I'll be back to watch some NBA playoffs since there are TVs on every wall and more.  Must order during HH: Pizza piled high with jalapenos!
2 If you want to watch t.v. and enjoy a cold beer, Zipps is fine. If you want good food, go elsewhere. There is much better bar food to be had at almost anywhere.   Onion Rings...very oily French Fries...Fresh cut, but they come out very soggy and poor flavor. Green Chili Burger...Decent Wings...Okay  Service has been very slow all three times I have been here.
5 We have been here a few times now since it had opened. Good service on each visit but today we had GREAT SERVICE! Management was very observant and friendly. Server was amazing! I am so happy with the service that I could not wait to get home but am still at Zipps and had to review. Great job Zipps!
4 Onion Rings.  Quite simply the best I have ever tasted.  Everything else on the menu is good, too!  Go for Happy Hour and you can get domestic draft beers in HUGE frosted mugs for a very cheap price!  We will definitely be going back soon.
1 We try to patronize restaurants close to home so we decided to try Zipps Sports Grill.  The server was unfriendly immediately.  We ordered burgers and half fries/half onion rings.  A sea of beige food was not very attractive when served but it was the flavor we were really after.  The first thing I tasted was the onion rings.  They were only slightly warm and very doughy and chewy.  I could still taste the flour in the batter they were coated in.  The fries were also only slightly warm.  We asked for fresh fries and onion rings from another server since ours didn't come back to check on us but, unfortunately, the "fresh" fries and onion rings were only slightly warmer than the original.  The burgers were good although very skimpy with the lettuce.  And one of the burgers we ordered said it came with cheese and 4 strips of bacon but only showed up with 2 strips of bacon and cheese.  The manager tried to make it better by taking one item off the bill but a good manager should know that it's not the money we wanted, it was good food.  Overall, it was a very poor experience and we will not be returning.
1 Service - excellent  Atmosphere - good Food - bad  Won't be back...even fries and onion rings were bad
1 Beware of Roaches on the patio!!  Last Friday night we went to have a few drinks with some friends from out of town. They asked us to pick a place with a relaxing patio since the weather was nice. Much to our surprise the restaurant had invited a few guests of their own (the ones you should never see in a restaurant). After 8:30pm the patio was taken over by roaches!!! They were crawling on the rock wall, the patio, our feet, the benches. It got to the point where I had to get up and leave halfway through my drink. My husband stuck around long enough to pay our tab and quickly followed behind me. We weren't the only ones who noticed either... The woman behind us jumped up at one point yelling that one had crawled across their table. I understand that this is an outdoor patio in AZ so a few bugs is expected but this was a full infestation.  We really enjoy the other Chandler location so we hope that you get this under control ASAP. We will not be back to this location.
3 Came here for happy hour.  Definitely a sports bar atmosphere. Loud and big. Definitely laid back atmosphere.   When you come to a sports bar, you order bar food and drinks. I got there famous zipparita and my friend got a beer. Nice prices during happy hour for drinks. Wasn't much selection for food durning happy hour. I ordered some cheese pizza slices and my friend ordered the sweet jalapeño burger. The burgar was really good. The fries needed to be fried more but besides that the food was decent. Four Peaks and San Tan Brewery have the best fries.  The waitress wasn't extraordinary but she wasn't bad. So the service was...neutral.  This place is worth maybe 3 and 1/2 to 4 stars. It's good for what it is. There's better.
5 My husband & I were so excited when Zipp's opened!!  Finally a sportsbar near our home!  It is huge inside, with an abundance of TV's.  Zipp's offers a great happy hour weekdays from 3-7, and then a reverse happy hour from 8-close. Also Saturday & Sunday specials....   If you are looking for a cold cold beer.....this is the place!!  Wings are awesome.....Salads are huge......Burgers great.....and their pizza is wonderful!!  On top of all that.....the staff is EXCEPTIONAL!! Everyone is so friendly and personable........ We have several favorite servers.....Kat......Elisa.....& Carly.......all the bomb!!  They take very good care of us.....Kat even brought us an anniversary card, after only knowing us for 2 weeks(who can say that?).........  Zipp's is our "Cheers" now.........  So to all those people who left bad reviews....I say bah humbug to you!!  We love this place!!
1 I ordered the Swiss Mushroom Burger but since I am very particular about how my beef is cooked I asked if it could be  medium rare and she said no problem. I dont like my beef over done. If it couldnt be cooked med rare I would have ordered something else but since that was no problem I went for it.    The burger came and it was very  well done.  While everyone else at my table ate I looked around for my server to tell her.  Finally the manager noticed I was looking around and came over to see if I needed anything.  I explained that the burger was too well done.  He asked me if I wanted another one.  By this time everyone else at the table was finishing up with their food so I said no. I had already waited for so long that I didn't want another one any more.  The bill came and they charged me for the burger that I didnt eat because THEY OVER COOKED IT.   The manager was surprised that I didnt want to pay for the over cooked food.  He said that the policy was that if they didn't take the food off the table then they don't take it off the bill.  If that is the policy why didnt he take it off the table? It was not how I wanted it. It was dry and unedible ad far as I was concerned. The server was nice, the manager was rude and unprofessional.  I would never go back to this place.  Everyone else at the table said the food was not good. The onion rings were dripping with grease.   The place was very noisy and the bathroom was filthy.  Dont waste your time.
1 We will never, ever be back.  We even talked with the GM about the service and he seemed to not care one bit about how we were treated or the service that was given.  We waited an entire hour to get our food and then it was cold.  We did send it back and it came back just warm.  The GM said that they were just way to busy tonight even though we saw others being served and finished even before we received our food.  The waitress was even worse, if that is possible.  Do yourself a favor, stay away!!!    If I owned the bar, I would fire the GM first thing in the am.  As for how horrible the waitress was, I would also blame the GM for that as well.  Totally unacceptable.     Stay away!
1 BAD, BAD, BAD.  First of all let me preface by saying my fiance and I have been to many of the Zips around town and enjoyed the food and atmosphere but this new location in Chandler is a HORRIBLE!  We sat down at the bar on a Saturday evening for a few brews and munchies and to watch some games but we never got waited on!  The regular bar tender passed us by at least 3 times and the blonde behind the bar was doing dishes and just ignored us completely.  Some young guys walked up a few stools down and she practically ran to help them passing us by again.  We were blown away on how terrible the service is at the Chandler location. We walked out after 30 minutes having never been waited on.  We have a home in Chandler and we will NEVER be back to this god awful restaurant again!  Fire the entire staff!!
5 For the mixture of value and ambience and quality, this is the best sports bar in Chandler.  Their happy hour specials are really good and they have them every day of the week.  This is a great place to watch a game or hang out in a clean bar and play Golden Tee or Shuffleboard.  Their burgers, wings, and foccacia wraps are really good.  They make a drink called the Iceberg that is beer topped off with slushy frozen margarita and those are really tasty.  Love this place.
1 Really BAD. Had the chicken and beef tacos. Disgusting. Grease grease grease.. The beef is the cheapest I've ever had. Ground chicken. Simply yuck. The waitress handed us our check with someone elses info for their name and e-mail address inside. I mentioned it to her but she didn't really seem to care. Save your stomache, taste buds and personal info. This place is a NO-GO for us.
2 My husband and I have come here a few times. The bartenders are really attentive. We went there on Sunday 5/12 and witnessed a customer filing her nails at a bar table. The customer was sitting at the bar table closest to the kitchen. Waiters and waitresses were walking past her carrying food! I saw them take notice that she was filing her nails as they walked past with the food, not saying anything to her. I prayed that my food didn't come out of the kitchen while the customer was setting her finger nail dust into the air! When my food did come out, the customer had already finished filing her nails but I was so grossed out, I couldn't eat my food. Why in the world would this be allowed in an eating establishment?!!  The wait staff needs care  more about what happens in their establishment! Gross!!!
4 So we finally returned to Zipps after staying away for over two months.  What an improvement a few months can make!  It was not perfect, but the staff really went out of their way to make sure we had a good experience.  Everyone got their food except for my husband.  He ordered the Sweet Jalapeño Burger and did not receive it until the rest of our party had already finished our meal.    He was disappointed, but at least three people including our server and the general manager came over to apologize. When he finally received his burger it was delicious and cooked perfectly.  I am so glad that this place has finally gotten it's act together!  We will definitely be back!  I now give it 4 stars!  Much improved from only 1 star a few months ago!  Great job Zipps!
1 In 23 yrs. In az. this was the worst meal my wife and two other friends and I have ever had.The potato chips were like chewing jerky and the manager traded them for French fries which were even worse like limp greasy noodles. We drove 55 mi. To eat here and the disappointment was terrible. Never again and would not recommend this place to anyone.
2 The other Zipps locations seem to be a lot better in terms of service / food. The service was neutral at best. The onion rings were terrible...dry, cold, and hard as rocks. If this location makes it another year I will be thoroughly surprised.
2 ok place for a cheap beer at happy hour, but not much when it comes to food selection, you would expect more of the typical 'sports bar fare', but the selection is minimal. Usually busy at happy hour, but always have gotten good service, sometimes so busy can't get a seat at the bar. I would not go out of my way to go here, but if all you want is a quick cold one one your way home, cool.
5 Great food! Mozzarella stick are amazing. Good beer and wings. Nice environment tons of TV's. I'm a regular!
3 Have started coming here since it's located near Hamilton HS and we are now attending the games for kids' activities. Great to have a place to get a quick bite and enjoy a beer after a late night. Good selection of draft beers and the menu options are typical bar faire. Buffalo style wings are a bit different than other places but not in a bad way. I would steer you clear of the fries though - they are a soggy, greasy mess.  Lots of TV's and sports playing. Plenty big with separate bar, dining area and outdoor patio. I have seen it very busy though and imagine it will be after varsity games.   Staff has been very friendly, including the manager.  All-in-all one to add to my repertoire and a place we can enjoy after games with the family.
1 Didn't even have a chance to try! We were a group of 12 and you'd think they'd want our business. We were not greeted nicely and seemed frustrated that we were a large group and wanted to sit together. They were not even busy! We went to Whiskey Rose...so glad we did!
1 DO NOT ORDER FOOD HERE save your money and just drink. The wings are dry, the sandwiches are tasteless and do not come as described on the menu and please whatever you do don't order the tacos, I would compare them to what canned dog food may taste like, if put in a taco and covered with sour cream. The atmosphere is nice and the beer is cold. They also were the only place locally showing the PAC 12 Game but next time we will definitely save our money and walk across the street to eat.
1 I really wish my experience at Zipps was good, (I would have even been satisfied with average) but unfortunately it was miserable! We started with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The salsa and guacamole were very bland, and the chips tasted stale. My wife ordered a chop salad with chicken. She said it was the worst salad she has ever ordered! (and she orders salad a lot!) The chicken was rubbery (like it had been cooked in the microwave) and had no flavor, just rubbery texture. About half of the lettuce was extremely soggy. (I'm guessing the salsa that came on the salad had been sitting for too long on the lettuce... yuck!) We also ordered a burger, a kids meal, and a cheese pizza (which our waitress forgot to put in the order.) We received the salad, the kids meal and my burger, and no pizza. Mistakes happen, but when they do I feel the waitstaff should do their best to compensate for their mistake. We were offered nothing. She did ask if we still wanted the pizza? Maybe she thought the two members of our party that ordered the pizza wanted to starve? I tried the pizza, I wish I wouldn't have. It tasted like a pizza you make from a kit in a box. The onion rings that came with my burger were awful! They were lukewarm, and the coating on the outside was chewy. (I have eaten quite a few onion rings in my lifetime, and I've never had an order with a chewy coating. Disgusting!) It's almost like the temp of the fryer was not hot enough, or they had been sitting for too long. My burger was fine. This experience goes down as the second worst meal I've ever had to pay for.
1 Have a beer and watch the game.  PASS on the food!  Ick.    We came on a Saturday night to watch the ASU v. Wisconsin game.  The dining room was a deafening level of noise (echo from the volume on tv's) so we sat on the patio.  The waitress was nice and friendly, but it took FOREVER to get our food.    When the food came it was brought out by someone other than our waitress (and it wasn't that busy).  We ordered wings, moz sticks, chili, salad and a steak sand with 1/2 fries 1/2 onion rings.  Everything came all at once and  was a tasteless mess that wasn't very warm.  The tv's outside were really blurry if you were not looking at them square on.  We left and went elsewhere to finish watching the game.    Drat, another sucky Chandler restaurant.
5 I love the strawberry Zipparita and golden medium wings! This place has a great atmosphere if you're looking to watch a game and a great happy hour!
4 Good burgers good wings and freshly made onion rings. Also tried the strawberry margarita. Overall impressed with the quality of bar food.
1 Waited 10-15 minutes - got no service from any of the 6 waitresses that walked by multiple times or the one that was sitting at the next table.  Been here a few times and the service was never great but getting no service at all was a first.  Not going back.
1 Worst experience we ever had at a restaurant.  Halfway through our meal, the manager turned up the volume on the TV so loud that everyone in the place jumped.  When asked to have it turned down, he said "I'm busy, I'll get to it when I can."  There was one table in the restaurant and about 8 people at the bar (buddies).  It was blasting and we asked again and finally it was slightly turned down and he told the staff, that's as low as I'm going to turn it.  You could not hear the person next to you talk.   In addition, the tenderloin on forccaia, was nothing more than a wrap, that is not forcaccia bread, onion rings were terrible, fish was not cooked through.  Rude, obnoxious manager, will never go back and will tell everyone we know how we were treated.  And when we left, there still were no other tables in the place.
1 Super annoyed.  My boyfriend and I (both under 21) have been there more than 3 times after 11 pm to eat and always had great service. This last Sunday we were sitting there at about 10:55 where we placed our order for an appetizer and drinks, then about 10 minutes later our waitress walked up and asked for our id's, to our unknown knowledge you had to be 21 after 11 pm. The manager then came over and explained to me the law and how other managers failed to enforce this, even though he was the only manager that we have ever seen there...awk.  So they then charged my boyfriend and I for our chips and salsa which we wouldnt have ordered if we would have known!?...the whole thing was annoying.
3 I love Zipps as a chain... Decent food, decent prices.. Lots of TVs for sports... Just a simple idea that is a fun "go-to" for group meet ups. Well, I've been to probably 5 locations.. Different levels of satisfaction at all. But... I have noticed one common denominator... Service is not their focus. I've never had an amazing server. Well, tonight, the poor girl that was serving the boy toy and I was no exception. Unfortunately, it wasn't entirely her fault. She was the only server on in the bar area and was clearly a little overwhelmed... And hating her job at that point. She was so annoyed with the overall situation. We even saw a table sit down and leave because of no service. The manager that was trying to help have me two flavor options that he could think of for the margs. He was super nice and was trying... I'll give him that.  On to food- wings were great... The golden hot were spicy on my lips and sweet finish. Nice and crispy.. Pizza was a diff story. The special was a slice of pizza for 1.50 on Wednesdays. Well, from working in the industry, I could tell they clearly pre cook a bunch of pizzas ahead of time and warm it as its ordered. But ours was so old the cheese was literally cooked into the crust. No stretchy, gooey, cheese here. I give it 3 stars for the great deals.. The zipparitas were great, the gigantic beer my man got was cheap.. And the wings satisfied. But if they want to survive... They need to work on not having their poor staff so overwhelmed that they are giving poor service. We gave our girl a hefty tip because we knew a lot of customers prob didn't understand what was going on and prob blamed it on her.
2 Review is on this Zipps location  I generally love Zipps.  Been to them ever since they opened the one on Camelback/Miller when I first moved here in 2001.    I usually peruse the one on Gilbert/Warner, but wanted to give this one a shot.  It took forever to get a beer, and I was only checked on twice in an hour.   Not saying I won't come back, because it seemed like it was a busy night and they were understaffed.  So, this easily can be remedied with an update.    Just my two cents for now.
1 The only good thing at this dump is the burger. The sides came stone cold. Waited 10 mins for sodas and another 25 for food that arrived incorrect. The server didn't come to check the food at all once she put it in front of us. The funny thing? This place was maybe 1/4 full. The guy executing the meal brought us $5 Zipps certificate. Way to rectify the issue. You send us the wrong food and you think we will come back? Hell no
1 The staff is friendly but extremely slow. We ordered burgers, fries, and onion rings. The burgers were "okay" but the buns were cold and the lettuce too wet.  The french fries and onion rings were in edible.  They were so bad, I asked if they were pre-fried in a large quantity, put under a heat lamp, and set waiting until ordered.  They were greasy, cold, and horrible. In their defense,Right after the food was delivered, Alex did stop by to see how everything was.  We just don't send food back as it should be done right the first time.   We never saw our waitress after the food was delivered until long after the bill was due. We sat with dirty dishes, never had any refills on our beverages, and we were never asked if we wanted anything else. Other staff clearly saw us looking around for a waitress, but never offered to help and never sent our waitress.
1 my husband and I went here for Happy Hour tonight. The waitress was very nice and attentative but the food on the other hand was awful! My husband had 3 grease filled slices of pizza and I had a greasy burger with onion rings and fries that were way too salty and inedible.We really wanted to sit outside in the nice weather but the patio is only for smokers so we had to sit in the loud and crowded restaurant ugh! I cannot believe we payed $25 dollars for grease filled food! We will not be going back.
1 Went to zips with my hubby to watch a game. Mind you I was 6 months pregnant. I ordered a lemon aid and he ordered a beer in a large frosted mug. When our drinks came to the table mine has a fly in it and the glass was filthy and my husbands beer had hair draped across the glass. We sent the drinks back and received new ones. Much to my surprise the server and manager were amused by the mishap! We proceed to order food. I order chicken strips and fries. My husband ordered hot wings. He asks the server about the different sauce options and she has zero input. The food comes and it was awful. My chicken was soggy and his wings were under cooked. So nasty!!! Couldn't wait to leave! We vow to never return.... Even if they tore it down and cleaned house I wouldn't ever set foot in this establishment. Thank god I didn't get sick.
2 After giving this place several tries, I have decided that I will not be going back any time soon.  Last night I went with some friends for Happy Hour.  I ordered off the regular menu because the HH food menu is quite limited.  I ordered the chicken finger basket with onion rings.  The chicken was good but I didn't care for the breading they use.  The onion rings were cold and gross.  The waitress brought me a fresher batch and they were ok.  But, I couldn't even eat them, everything was so greasy that I started to feel sick.  I never not eat my meal and this was a first for me.  My overall impression of that place as of now is "yuk". I like the outside patio...that is the best part about the place although last night a woman came to the patio with a sign asking for money or food.  That was sad and not something I am used to seeing in this part of Chandler. Sorry, Zipps...please try harder.
1 Nothing special  at all. Boring place terrible layout. Not one special thing on the menu just over priced simple food that was not once prepared correct. Under cooked fries how can you even mess that up. Save your time and money not even good as regular fried bar food.
3 When I go it is for their wings and my favorite dessert... The cookie skillet. I also like their french fries and the burgers are good. It is a very noisy environment and don't sit outside unless you want cigarette smoke blowing towards you the whole time.
1 Have gone there twice with family and service was horrible. Even after a year of opening. We never consider going there.
1 Very overpriced bar rail Vodka Diet Coke, $15 each as they said it was double shot, Naomi and I had five so $150 tab with no food or appetizers...  Neither the bartender or manager were cool or helpful when we said it was excessive.  Offered nothing to get us to ever return or compromise on our formal complaint.  Will not return!
1 If you want quality service and food i would NOT go to this restaurant.  The service and management is horrible.  The will try to bring you food that you didn't order and the food and drinks you did order will take for ever to get.  I can't believe this place is still in business.  They do not respect or appreciate their customer base.  I would recommend that everyone in Chandler to stop patronizing and take their money to a place that appreciates their customers!!!
3 First time here...daughter and I just ordered appetizers...pretty good. Quesadilla was a bit on the spicy side. Televisions everywhere..definitely a good place to come catch a game. A little slow with coming back to check on our table.
