5 Great place to get vintage for both men and women. Lots of hard to find things, very affordable and ever changing.  I go when I am in town and I send people here often.
5 Highest quality clothing for best possible prices! Best shopping experience ever. Owner was an absolute sweetheart.
5 The best vintage shop in Las Vegas! Stephanie and her amazing shop ignited my passion for vintage clothing. Each time I go there are new items that I want! She has a great eye and endless knowledge on vintage style and fashion. I love that she always has a pretty good selection of vintage pieces for us curvy gals. Stellar location and always rockin during First Friday. I will be a life long customer!
5 If you go to Las Vegas and you're not a gambler, google vintage, thrift and antique stores for a day of shopping! That's how we happened upon this store and it was the best one of the day!!! That area of Vegas has many stores, so map out your route and taxi down there! The clothes in Stephanie's store are awesome! We bought 10 dresses in the mod style for our daughters vintage store here in Pittsburgh and she was thrilled! The showgirls of the '60's and '70's had excellent taste in their everyday wear! I kept 1 dress for myself and it's adorable!  The other stores in that area have so many mid century furniture classics too! I wanted to spend another day down there but my husband wouldn't do 2 days in a row! I can't wait to go back to Las Vegas! (I can't believe I said that!)
4 I absolutely love vintage! The downside is that it can get pretty pricey at the normal shops I go to. The prices here were unbelievable. I couldn't believe my eyes. Vintage that's actually affordable! I was so thrilled.  They have tons of adorable household items, accessories, clothing, and shoes. The only bad thing I have to say is that there aren't very many choices in clothing for small girls like myself.  I am very petite and it seemed that almost all of the clothing was medium and up. I was only able to find one shirt in my size. That's the only reason I'm knocking down a star.  If they carried smaller clothing I would frequent it more. For now I will have to keep on visiting my normal vintage store that has more size variety. I guess I will have to get lucky when I visit here but price wise and quality, this is the store to come to. Totally awesome!
5 What a delightful store exceeded in charm only by the owner!  Warm and friendly with an amazing selection of vintage clothing.  Be sure to check out the Bakelite section - all at great prices.  Will definitely be on my "must visit" list next time.
5 Small but uniquely stocked store. Has a small selection of men's suits and button ups and polos along with a small section of hats. The women's clothing consisted of long dresses and tea length dresses from several different eras. Customer service was great. We were offered a beer for free on our way out. Note that if you pay in cash you don't have to pay suave taxes (as in most places in the arts district).
