3 Had a chance to try this place out, been very busy since they opened! People are waiting up to an hour to get in. Is it worth it? Not really, had better steaks elsewhere! Decor is great! Service is good, what I did not like was when some of the customers were complaining about the wait! The manager threw the kitchen underneath the bus! He was telling them because the cooks are not that experienced, they have a lot to improve? Sounds like to me that the manager has a lot to learn! You have a crew to work with, and you work with them the best as you can. If you have to make a excuse about the waiting time and blame the kitchen, that doesn't speak much of yourself! Again, steaks are good, like the feeling there, waiting time will get better as time passes! They just opened up on April 1st!
1 Just came back from dinner at the Longhorn. The place SCREAMS Darden Restaurants. OMG it is so plastic and cookie cutter LOL. . OK this is an honest review. We had 5 people in our party and were quoted 50 minutes. 1 hour and 40 minutes later we were seated in a 3/4 full dining room...OK.. We ordered 2 appetizers and at this point I settled in for a Darden restaurant experience. What I mean by a Darden experience is insincere fake , pay and leave, crappy food and people around us thinking hey this is good. Oh and do not forget the lowest quality food out there dressed with something that makes it even worse. I got far less then that. The 2 appetizers were god awful. Ok entrees arrived. "here you go folks shhhhhhhh do not tell anyone we mask a bad cut of meat with SALT and then MORE SALT". OK it is darden i get it...but LOL  REALLY ?  All 5 of us were looking at each other and silently asking " is it just me or is this  REALLY bad? I simply can not say enough to how bad the food was.  Service was EXTREMELY unprofessional and painfully slow. The server knew absolutely nothing menu related. Now get this 1 of our people asked for the steak black & Blue. the MANAGER came over and said "i have been in the steak business a long time and i have never heard of that". UMMMM OK. LOL  WOW !!! Both Filet Mignons were chewy for filet, NY Strip was really odd texture, Porterhouse was REDICULOUSLY fatty. Just do not bother going it is a total waist of time and effort.
1 Went to the new Surprise AZ Longhorn last night, 4/20/2013. Long wait, 1 1/2 hours, place was packed. Four of us finally got seated. One of us ordered, one special serloin with bacon topping, two ordered prime ribs, one medium rate, one rare. Fourth person ordered half rack of ribs. The person who ordered the serloin raved about it. When the prime ribs came out both were very rare, sent one back to get a medium rare. When it came out, looked like bad shoe leather. Quality of meat on both prime ribs was poor, tough and too much grissel/fat. Shoe leather serving was really tough. For $20/ serving the prime rib was terrible. Ribs were so so, small portion and just ok in taste,have had better for less. Three of us had Ceasar salads, worst we've ever had, how can you screw up a ceasar salad. On the bright side the waiter was very good. Won't be going back, even if no wait. Food was poor.
5 I went on a Sunday and did not wait longer than 15 minutes.  I had the parmesan crusted sirloin which was the best.  My daughter had the bacon wrapped fillet and my husband had the rib eye.  The meat was juicy, tender, and very well seasoned.  I normally don't order sirloin, but it was the best I have ever had. The bread is warm and delicious.  My daughter did order her steak well done and it was medium rare. We did have to send it back and when it came back it was perfect. The manager was very apologetic and took her meal off our bill plus gave her a free dessert. The decor and atmosphere are nice.  The waitress was wonderful very attentive.  I will definitely will be eating there again.
5 I have to say I like this place.  I have been there a couple times and once sat at a table, although there was a little wait it was enjoyable and food was really good.  The staff was great and friendly.  Another time I circumvented the wait and sat at the bar.  My meal was again good and this particular bartender (Sam) was great.  She was very personable and fun.  I will be a repeat customer.
1 We had been waiting and wondering just how the dining experience was here. We went in on a Wednesday at 4:15 PM......and even though there were MANY empty tables we were told our wait would be 10 minutes. Our wait time turned into an hour...not 10 minutes I ordered sirloin steak and my wife ordered a baked potato, along with French onion soup. My choice came with a side salad and I optioned for the French onion soup also.      Our orders arrived in decent time....but my wife's baked potato was cold, although her soup was very hot. My soup was hot as well....but my salad was very mediocre at best. My piece of steak looked good when it arrived.....but wreaked of salt upon tasting! I could not even finish the meat because of the taste. To top things off......the bill came to just shy of $40......and we had no alcoholic drinks....just ice tea and Coke. No desserts either!      Needless to say, we won't be going back.....and I don't really think this restaurant will be around long, because there are too many GOOD places to eat in Surprise....and all very easy to get to!
1 We waited a month for things to calm down and decided to give it a try. What a disappointment.   When we arrived, there was a 20 minute wait even though the restaurant was half empty. We were told they had a large party when the restaurant opened and the kitchen was backed up (based on other reviews they tell people this often). There were more people in the lobby than there was in the dining room. Reserved signs had been placed on the tables in the bar so people coudn't sit there either. For a new restaurant you would think they would be overstaffed until they figured out the correct staffing levels. Many people walked in and walked out because they were not going to wait for a table when the restaurant was half empty. There was a couple that asked for a manager, and it took so long for her to get there they had already left. That was the only time we saw her for the first half hour we were there. Didn't get her name, but she was very homely with dark hair.  The food was mediocre at best. Honestly, not worth the money. Since the kitchen was "backed up" I was afraid to order anything other than a burger for feart I would be there for hours. Lets just say the Fridays they tore down to build this place could do a burger better.  I would not even risk odering prime rib at this place. Pretty sure they would fuck it up.  The service was not any better. It wasn't bad, but they really need to do some training. In the middle of lunch we are asked if we want seperate checks. Apparentyly because we are two males having lunch we must want seperate checks, right? If you are going to ask that question, how about asking when you take the order or after they are done eating. I said one check, and heres my card. She took the card and was gone forever. She comes out with a tray of 10 drinks she is delivering and finally gets the check to the table. The service was not bad, it just was not good.  I truly fault the management. This place needs new management quikly to get this place in order. The manager that was there did not seem to know what she was doing or how to be an effective leader. It was priceless when she asked the couple next to us how everything was, and they basically said the service sucked and they would never be back. "Well thank you for the feedback so I can look into this and make sure it doesn't happen again". Very fake and insincere just like the other employees.  It was not a very relaxing experience listening to all the negative comments, complaints, disheveled employees and watching the failure of a manager they have. It was painful. We will NEVER be back.
3 2 visits, I am torn.  The first visit, I ordered the expensive rib eye. The steak was awesome, cooked perfectly, it was magical. No wait. Friendly staff. The second visit, I ordered the cheaper rib eye further down the menu (and by cheaper, I mean $4). This steak came, cooked on  the cook top, not on the grill and was covered (drowned) in a lemon butter. It was not a rib eye, it was a sirloin. Needless to say, it was sent back. The new steak came out, this one cooked on the grill per the managers request. The steak was cooked much better, but it was still a sirloin. The wait for this visit was 45 min. Friendly staff. 2 suggestions, don't go between 5-7pm and order the expensive rib eye.
5 one of  the best lunchtime experiences in a very long time! The low-cal ( 500 or less calories) options are a real treat for those of us trying to watch our weight. They al consist of a protein and a side ( sirloin,filet,rainbow trout, etc) and they are prepared perfectly. Our server, Leilani, was one of the most skilled, friendly and organised servers I have ever encountered. I heartily recommend this place!!
2 Avoid it.  Horrible, horrible service.  I do not think this location knows how to schedule its servers properly, lunch doesn't always start after 12, some of us need to each earlier. When 4 or 5 servers are coming in at noon ( i watched them walking in) , there is a problem, especially when there are customers waiting  and empty, clean tables inside.   My party of 4 arrived a 11:45, there was no line at all and the restaurant was half empty, we had to wait 15 minutes to be seated, after another 10 minutes of waiting at the table  (it was now 12:10) we asked someone waiting on a table near us to take our drink order and for some bread. The server told us the bread "came in frozen this morning and would be ready in 10 minutes or so".  Serioiusly, there were probably only 8 other tables seated, how is this not ready at lunch time? Also, I saw another table near us that was being ignored get up and leave...smart!   Once our drinks came, we finally got the manager over and asked for him to get someone to take our order, he then grabbed a different server to take our order. Once the meal arrived, we did get a good server who was actually nice and refilled our drinks.  Summary- Three servers, 1 attitudes, 1 hour and 20 minutes for lunch that consisted of half sandwiches and salads. Food was good, but not worth the trouble and frustration at all. There are plenty of other places right in the area to go. I had hoped for better.
2 My husband and I tried it out. The wait was extremely long. When we got seated our waitress did not even explain how the menu worked or how the steaks are cooked. She was rather rough and said crude jokes. My meal came out fine after another very long wait. My husbands came out wrong. It was tough and way overdone. He pointed it out and they did take it back and redo it after some more time. Our waitress was never around and we ran out of drinks. The manager was nice and came out and refilled our drinks a couple of times. I also felt the price was very inflated for the quality of the food we received. I was Not impressed.
1 Let me start with I have been here twice (and I really didn't want to write this negative review).   I was very excited when I saw Longhorn was coming to the area. I have been severely disappointed each time. The service is by far the worst and at one point we had to ask for our salads. The first time we went, the kitchen messed up our order (at least that's what the manager told us after we waited nearly 40 minutes and then after that it took another 20 minutes to get our food).   Tonight my steak was so over cooked. We waited so long, she offered another but I just said no. They wound up comping my meal. I must have noticed at least 4 others in the same boat. I like LongHorn.   I hope they get it figured out.
1 One word:  Sodium.
4 Great food as always just make sure you go after 6:30pm or before 5 because the "Sun City rush" is insane.  The ribs were amazing...
2 Great steak!  Poor service.     People go where they're invited... They come back where they're appreciated.    Not sure if I'll be back.
1 No stars this is second time at this location (thought we would give them a second chance as first time was bad but they had just opened) this time was worse had to get my own drinks from the bar because waitress was never there I would have sent my steak back but no one was around to tell, oddly enough there were a lot of empty seats in the house. How this place is still in business is beyond me. We could hear the couple sitting behind us complaining about not even getting what they ordered but once again no one to tell. Never again!
3 I am usually very generous when writing a review. Today I might be just a little more objective. Darden corporation, you might be putting far to much emphasis on the operational duties of being a hostest at your restaurant. Due to her hair style we will call her Velma, painting a picture yet? Also they don't wear name tags and at no time was I introduced. So I walk in today with my children around 4:00 and "velma" makes eye contact with me then turns her back to me because rangling her menues is so much more important than actually welcoming us to Long horn. I'm immediately put off by this and I start wondering if we should walk out. For details explained lated i'm very glad we didn't.  So now "Velma" counts us and grabs three menus and as more of a statement than a question says 3? She starts walking because apparently us being there is keeping her from the most important task ever, her menus.  I tell her that we are waiting for the fourth member of our party and this seems to perplex her. Now keep in mind folks that at some point the braintrust at Darden flys their employees to Florida to be certified to meet the grueling requirements of Darden. I'm getting the idea the "Velma" might have not passed the menu segment and had to retake that portion because the guest walking in takes a back seat to making sure they are in place. They even have their staff wearing police style communications. I envision at this point a whole code system to ensure the god almighty menues make it back to the podium. So now because we are not offered the choice of waiting until our fourth member arrives we are walking briskly to keep up with "Velma" to a table. She gets to the table and makes the question of is this table alright sound far more that a statement. Now I do something that stumps her. I tell her no. The table is the closest to the kitchen they have, hum! My children maybe the reason? The table is also half booth with two chairs and just not what I want when paying for dinner. So now "Velma" being even more stumped walks back to the podium, her barrier to the general public. "Velma" now hands me a pager and misses my joke completely as I tell me children that now we are known as 43. Humor is completely lost on "Velma" as at this point I am keeping her away from her precious menus.  By now my wife arrives, formerly known as my fourth.  This point "Velma" might seem just a little happy because she is clutching her menus.  Now at this point you may think I need to get a life and might also be wondering why a 3 start review. Once seated we met Haili. I know her name because she cheerfully introduced herself and welcomed us to Longhorn. Wow she gets it. As obnoxious as I may be she usderstands that menus really don't  create revenue but guest do. We looked over our menues and order and have a really nice dinner. Haily has the Darden indoctrination and says my pleasure to just about anything you ask and even acknowledges that when I ask if thats a Darden thing. Turns out she moved to Az from New York with the company to open new locations. This is a very good choice as she does a great job of chipping away any damage done by hostest "Velma" we have a nice cross section of menu items and a nice strawberry shortcake to share. During no point of our meal were our tea glasses empty because Haily is on it. We pay, we grab our takeout box and walk towards the hostest podium. Now I can't help but walk real slow just to offer the opportunity of maybe a thanks for coming perhaps just kiss my ass but nope nothing. "Velma" is now teaching we will call him Erchal how to make sure the menus are in order. I say thank you for choosing Longhorn but this just satisfies my humor as it is lost on "Velma". Way to busy training "Erchal" the importance of the menu's.  Food overall was good. Porterhouse never disapoints. HAILY  is awesome! Need I say more about "Velma"? No! A perfect solution here would be a field trip acoss the street to the olive garden. Why you ask? If you have ever been to the Surprise location of the Olive garden then you know Lynn runs that place to perfection! Darden are you listening or bigger question, do you care?
5 Always great food and good portions. We prefer long horn steakhouse over any other steak house.
4 My wife and I  been here 4 times now.  Each time, the food was great.  Waiters and waitresses have been good 3 out of 4 times.  The 4th was just slower to service table, but not to the point of making it a bad experience.  The steaks have all been tender and cooked just right.  The 33oz porterhouse for 2 was great!  It can get busy, so we always make reservations to avoid the wait.
1 If it could be a negative star it would be. Went in last evening for a late dinner at 7:30 there were only 8 tables occupied and it took 20 minutes to get water and order dinner. Than an hour to get dinner delivered to our table. Food is good but they need to have a manager on top of service instead of waiting until it is too late and have to comp customers to get them to come back.
4 Great burgers. And service has been good every time I have been here.
2 The first time I was invited to The Longhorn, we had great service and great food. (When they first opened) So when family arrived and wanted to go out for dinner , I suggested the Longhorn. First of all there was no one there to greet us, and we couldn't even find anyone. When we were finally seated and the waiter brought us bread, we had no plates. When we ordered our meals, the orders weren't right. When we told the waiter that we had the wrong steak, he came back and told us that they would give a five dollar credit. The difference in the price of the steak was $7.00.I am so disappointed with steakhouse, because we needed a new restaurant in Surprise.
2 We were very excited to have a new steakhouse in the neighborhood that excitement quickly subsided when we sat down and began to turn to dread when it took our server 15 minutes to make it to our table and when she was there her mind was elsewhere she seemed distracted and it then became evident when our MEDIUM steaks showed up bloody rare! I mean they were mooing. We informed her and it seemed like sending them back was a total inconvenience. If your gonna go out and spend the money on a good steak just go to Flemings or even Outback for that matter. The 2 stars are basically for the friendly bartender we had, we shoulda just ate at the bar when she asked us.
3 Food was Okay but spicy.   Service was good as well.  But watch your bill (My bad) they overcharged for both meals.  Overall, not worth the price paid.
5 Nicholas F went above and beyond, I've been waiting for a prime rib for a beetling time, went it arrived slightly over cooked , They let me nibble on the overcooked prime rib while I waited for the perfectly cooked one.. it's the small things that count, thanks Nick!
4 Great food. Service was bad the first two times there but the third time was fantastic. The server's on the third trip were great fast and verry attentive.  Hope they keep it up. If so I will give a better review.
3 The food was fabulous! We ordered the stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer and we each had the 11oz ribeye with a loaded baked potato and caesar salad. All were delicious! Our steaks were cooked exactly how we ordered them. My husband ordered the Montana Mule and commented on how great (and strong) it was. I had the strawberry daiquiri which was okay. Nothing to brag about.   Despite the food being delicious, the service was pretty bad. We waited almost 45 minutes for a table, after being told there was a wait of 30-35 minutes. Within a few minutes of being seated, we were asked our drink order by the hostess, but the drinks didn't come for almost 20 minutes. Our server was nice, but the restaurant was very under staffed for the amount of people there on a Thursday night. Luckily we weren't in any hurry, as we were there for two hours from the time we arrived to the time we paid our check and left. It seems they just need to hire (or schedule) more servers.
1 Yelpers, the manager I just talked to said she and all the managers do not care about what "yelpers" have to say. No, thanks. Read the reviews about poor service and decided to call an ask if there were any improvements made and "ros" the manager said she doesn't care about those reviews and of course she's aware of her staff. I asked about the wait and she said is about a two hour wait right now and at least 30 minutes to get food once you're seated.  Personally, I love Yelp and it has never let me down.  This manager's poor attitude was just one of the reasons we will not even make an attempt to visit this place. Thanks, Yelpers!! I care what you have to say :)
2 "Holy horse-meat Batman, do you see the throng of people waiting to get in there?" "Yes Robin. There must be a spell over the citizens of Surprise. This could  be the work of the Joker. Why else would Surprisians(?) flock for steaks that must be rolled in gobs of salt and spices, to mask their tough texture and gamey taste. Why else would people insist on patronizing an establishment with personnel, so aloof and poorly trained, that you can't even get your beer refilled." "Maybe that's a good thing Batman. It will mean shorter lines at more worthy establishments."  "Sure as shit, Robin."
4 Went here for dinner saturday night with a party of five. We called ahead an got on the wait list (they don't do reservations, but you can call ahead and be put on the wait list up to 30 mins before you arrive) we were seated within 10mins of arriving. We were promptly greeted by the server. Drinks and appetizers also came out quickly. Dinner followed as expected. Service was great, food was also good, everyone was completely satisfied.  One item to point out - I had the rib eye, it was cooked fine and completely ok for me,  but they do use a generous amount of seasoning salt, next time I will ask for light seasoning.
4 This would have been a 1 star but the manager made it right. Started out being seated right away..early eve on a Friday. But then it took my husband walking back to the hostess stand 15 minutes later to get someone to wait on us. Okay strike 1. We ordered then (since we had so much time to read the menu). More than 10 minutes later server informs hubby that prime rib he ordered was not ready. Gave him a menu to order something else and congratulated him on ordering a shrimp dish because it wouldn't take too long to cook. Lol. Mgr then brought us an appetizer to make up for the initial delay. Food came and it was quite good   Server brought the check and informed us hubby's meal free for not having what he ordered. So all is well that ends well. We will be back simply because the righted the wrong!
5 Four of us celebrated a birthday today at the LongHorn.  All four orders arrived timely, were hot and really tasty.  The booths had ample room for four to sit.  The waitress served us with a smile.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
2 A decidedly mixed experience.  The restaurant is comfortable and our server was pleasant enough.    But the kitchen seemed disorganized and unable to provide the food as ordered.  My salad was not served with dressing on the side as I requested and was repeated back to me by the server.   Then, the side dishes were served on the incorrect entree plates (my sides were on someone else's plate, hers were on mine).  Another person in my party remarked to the server that the steaks in the menu pictures looked very heavily seasoned.  She explained that she is sensitive to black pepper,  so she asked the server if she could have hers seasoned with salt only.  The server said, "of course."  But when the entrees arrived, her steak had clearly been heavily seasoned, just like everyone else's.    Our server offered to have another steak prepared, and we appreciated this, but this would have forced one person in our party to eat after everyone else, and we had plans for after dinner, so she declined.    Now for the strange part.  I deducted a star because the manager came over to explain that they cannot change the spices on the steaks because the GRILL is seasoned.  So which is it?  Should the server have advised that they are unable to season a steak with just salt?  The food that was prepared as requested was quite good.  But dinner was confusing and more stressful than it needed to be.  This is not fine dining by a long shot.  It's too bad.  Because this part of town could use a decent steakhouse.
3 Did not get 2 out of 4 orders correct . Filet and stuffed shrimp , gave us shrimp and lobster Mac . Not good , fishy . May not come back . Waitress Laurie very nice
4 The prices were very reasonable, and the steaks were cooked just as advertised. All the orders were correct, unlike some of the other reviewers' experiences. Our server were very attentive.
5 When this Longhorn opened it took a VERY long time for them to work out the kinks. We go in every couple months, every time hoping this time will be better. Usually it is hit or miss. Well, they have finally done it! It was FINALLY a 5 star experience. We usually have great service, but our server tonight was Woody and he is exceptional. We had him once before and so we asked for him again tonight. Woody is attentive and runs his butt off! He was super busy but made us feel like we were the only people in the restaurant.  He kept our beverages full and was just amazing! The food was perfect! Great flavor and cooked to perfection!
3 We were seated at a dirty table and it took at least five minutes for someone to come get our drink order. We ordered everything at once. Food was good although the salad looked like a monkey threw it together. My prime rib was excellent.  The service could have been a little better but we will come back, at least until there is a real steak house in Surprise.
4 Went in for a business luncheon... We were quickly seated and given menus. The waitress came by very shortly and took drink orders and asked if we were ready to order or she could come back. She was very through and went thru all the explaining on how they season the steaks, and explained how to order so that we would be happy with the end result! She also inquired if we were on a "lunch hour"  Loaves of bread were sent out quickly and they smelled heavenly! (I am gluten free, so was not able to enjoy,, but the 4 people I was with inhaled 4 loaves in front of me with out a complaint!) Lunch was quickly served and everyone enjoyed the food ordered. I had the under 500 cal - Flat iron steak, green beans & salad (waitress reminded me of the croutons which were left off :o) I thought it was a great lunch and I am happy to see another nice option in Surprise! The desserts looked incredible!
4 My bf and I were a little skeptical based on the 3 starts but decided to try it out anyways. The decor is awesome and definitely western. It is very clean including the bathrooms. When we first sat down we received our drinks fast but after that the service definitely slacked. My boyfriend finally said something to one of the managers and after that it was smooth sailing. Jennifer who is the kitchen manager took over for whoever was supposed to be out server. She was outstanding and even gave us a complimentary starter because of our issue. The Texas tanion (sp?) was outstanding. My boyfriend ordered the outlaw rib eye which he said was the best tasting steak he has had in ten years. I ordered the primetime burger which was one of the best burgers I have ever had, it was so juicy. We will definitely be back again. Started off shaky but ended amazing.
1 Horrible horrible service! For the third time in a row the service was so awful we have decided not to go back to this restaurant. Not only did we have to get our own silverware after 15 minutes of staring at our bread, it took them 25 minutes to get us our sandwiches and over 30 for the soup. The food was pretty tasty but our server was dingy, unapologetic and fake. Never again.
4 This was the second time we had gone and both times we ordered the porter house for two.  The first time was absolutely perfect but this time it was much smaller, although it was delicious!   It was a $40 steak dinner so they really shouldn't skimp.  On the plus side,  I ordered the cheesecake with banana rum sauce and it was the best I've ever had!
1 Not a good way to have a first visit go. We were seated and waited. It was finally the manager our drink and food order. We were never told who our server was. Ordered a medium steak and it was rare so I sent it back.  It came back a little better still never found out who server was manager had his name on ticket let him know this was our first and probably last time in. Such a shame since we need a good steak house in the area
5 Have never had bad food there. If it's busy service can be a little bit slow but isn't that to be expected anywhere?  Their medium rare is more on the rare side but that is explained on the menu.  Bread is good.  I am so glad to see them in Surprise. And they do have call ahead seating.
4 Come every year to Surprise for spring training. Food at all restaurants in town overall very mediocre. This place had nice ambiance, food was better than average, service was above average so this is a return spot for us.
4 A very tasty and tender 8 oz sirloin  lightly seasoned and off the hook in house mac and cheese! Go early here as the retirement community consumes much of the seating. Crazy cheap too. Service is great as are the drink prices
2 Started off bad - we waited 45+ minutes (after we were told that it would be a 25 minute wait). So 6:50 showtime turned into getting seated after 7:30 pm. After the waitress made it to us, we ordered our drinks, appetizer and meal all at once (since we had so much time to peruse the menu while waiting to be seated.) The drinks were promptly delivered - as was the appetizer which was a group of tasty, spicy chicken quesadilla "burritos".  From there it went downhill:  1.  My wife ordered coffee. Besides not even offering cream or a spoon to stir the aforementioned non-existent cream and/or sugar, the waitress neglected to even attempt to offer a refill for the entire meal (it was almost empty from about half-way through the meal on.) My own beverage was refilled satisfactorily.   2.  After the appetizer plate was taken away, we waited an abnormally long time waiting for our salads (15-20 minutes). They did come; after the main entrees were brought and I asked why we hadn't gotten our salads. Our waitress made some excuse that basically blamed it on "them" not bringing out our salads. I assume the "them" was the same individual who brought out our appetizer. Sorry, but I think that the waiter/waitress should be responsible to check on her guests and make sure that they receive what they ordered.  3.   The manager was an empty "suit". He walked around the restaurant, passing by us a few times without even bothering to make eye contact. I did see him chatting it up with some other patrons at the bar but not once did he make an attempt to ask how our meal was.   So, we ate our salads and packed our steaks to go - we simply weren't hungry anymore since the appetizer, bread had filled us up, especially after we ate the salads. We left no tip. This is the first time that either my wife or I have failed to leave a tip-EVER after dining-in. I stand by my 2-star review since the food tasted good - at least the cooks  seemed to be on the ball. This is the second and last time we've eaten at this restaurant.
5 Went there last night for the first time.  Foods was amazing and, Steve, our waiter was very good!  Not only good, but very fun, too!  There were 4 of us, two had the ribeye steak, one had the chicken, and one had the Mahi Mahi.....  everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals!  Will definitely be making a return trip to this place!!
4 I went here for the first time with my wife yesterday having expectations that this was going to be similar to a Black Angus or Outback. We got there at about 7:30PM, which seemed like the tail end of their dinner rush. I could see several open tables, but was told that it was going to be a 25 minute wait. Normally I would have walked away then but my wife really wanted a steak and options in Surprise are limited.  Despite the open tables we waited about 20 minutes to be seated. After sitting down, we waited around for another 15 minutes to get our drink orders in and another 10 minutes after that to actually get our drinks and bread. Service was very slow.  Our server was friendly and helpful, but it was obvious that she was overwhelmed with the number of tables assigned to her, which is probably a management issue.  While waiting for our food I checked the restaurant out and it was very clean (I would hope that it would be because the building is less than a year old). The only place that seemed to need some attention was the restroom. It looked like it had been hit by a dinner rush crowd and was is need of a cleaning.  When our food arrived it looked very appetizing. My wife order the filet mignon and I had the parmesan crusted chicken breast. We both ordered the baked potato as a side with a side salad to start. I thought that all the food was great and worth the wait.  The filet mignon was very tender and prepared perfectly. The chicken was good but I wish I had ordered the steak after tasting my wife's. The salad was fresh and the baked potato was good. In all the food was very good.  This places food is great, but the service isn't. If I'm going to shell out $90 for two dinners, one appetizer, and four adult beverages I would hope for much better service.  This could be a five star spot if not for the service.
5 Amazing food, and a great atmosphere. The waiters were delightful, and prompt.
1 We were told the wait was 20 min even though there were 10 empty tables - menu is NOT vegan friendly waitress not helpful with substituting would not recommend or come back
3 Had a great server and a great environment but food is just so so. My ribeye steak was super thin. The skinniest steak I have ever seen. I asked for it to be lightly seasoned and it had so much salt it was like I was eating salt straight out of a shaker and no steak. Not worth the money. I will make the trip to Texas Roadhouse or Arrowhead Grill next time.
4 The staff was AWESOME!!!  Our first time here.  Steak was great!!  My husband and I will be back!
4 We have had several diners there in the past year and no complaints other than the noise.  The diners have been very good, served hot and timely.  The prices are reasonable and the service is great.
