5 Lana Nails It Every Time.  I took my suit to her to have it tailored and she was one of the few tailors in the valley who understand the "modern, fitted, GQ style" fit I was looking for. They say a good tailor will make a $500 suit look like $2000 suit and the best part is... Its True.   All I know is that all my suits and dress shirts are going to Lana in the future. No other tailor in the valley can hold a candle to her.
5 I got my wedding dress altered by Lana. Lana's service was amazing. She made me feel like we knew each other for ages. Such a loveable girl with amazing talent. My dress was perfect couldn't be happier :). Thanks again Lana!
5 Brides should seriously consider getting a wedding dress made for them, especially if they're a difficult size like me.  I started looking into getting my dress custom made after being unsatisfied with the styles, cost/quality ratio at places like David's Bridal, and worrying about not being able to find a dress in time.  Lana made it incredibly easy to get my dress.  We talked over the design then the fittings started.  The dress I ended up with was different from what I thought I would get, but I love it.  She has an eye for what looks good and can work to a tight or short schedule.  The end result is a fabulous, quality dress for a little more than what the warehouses would charge, especially if you consider how much alterations cost.  Sure, you could also get a knockoff dress online that is made overseas for a fraction of the cost, but I'm not going to leave it up to chance that I'll like it or it turns out OK.  The sizing charts of existing stores are misleading enough.
5 I brought Lana a few yards of fabric and an idea and she turned it into what is probably one of my favorite things in my closet. Men's shorts have an absurd amount of detail work, and every detail was finished to perfection! Not to mention that they fit me better than any other piece of clothing I own.
5 Custom made women's business suit  I now have 5 impeccably designed pieces of modern, yet classic and classy suiting: jacket, pencil skirt, dress in fabulous tropical weight wool with blouses that pull it all together.  Why custom made clothing?   I was tired of purchasing top end dept store suiting that was basically disposable after a couple years;  I still had to have it altered; I still had to shop for accessory pieces.    Why Lana?   Creative, amazing details to each piece, fit to flatter my figure!   I asked Lana for a classic, yet modern look and Lana created my vision.  Lana is a lovely designer and total commitment to ensure you are thrilled with the outcome.   I look forward to our next project!
5 If you want personal attention by a skilled tailor who attends to detail look no further than Lana. She ensures you'll have a piece of clothing that fits you impeccably and flatters your figure.  The prospect of searching for a dress for my son's wedding was daunting to me. I knew alterations would be necessary, I knew the task would be time consuming and frustrating. By working with Lana the process was enjoyable. She is a pleasure to work with. I looked forward to each fitting and the final product was a lovely dress in which I felt confident. Trust her and work with her...you won't regret it.
5 Lana Gerimovich is who you want for professional dress designing.  Her attention to detail with your body type in mind, she is spot on every time !   Alis fashion is a great place to shop to look your absolute best.  Professional, creative and one of a kind.
5 Lana is the BEST!   I got my wedding dress as a sample and it was a bit shorter than I would like, plus had some tearing on the lace detail. Not only did she manage to fix all these issues (and making it longer is much harder than making it shorter), but she also had creative solutions to improve the dress! She truly knows what she is doing! I trusted her with my beautiful gown, and I recommend her for anyone who truly cares about quality tailoring!   Thank you, Lana, again! You are amazing!!!
5 Lana is a top-notch tailor and a delightful personality. She recently altered some of my dresses and did a superb job while meeting my aggressive deadline. She has a keen eye for fashion. I noticed a gorgeous purple gown on a mannequin when I first visited the shop and fell in love!! Turns out that Lana designed and created it herself. I bought it that day and can't wait to paint the town purple in my couture quality gown!! Thanks for your great services. I will be back for more fun.
5 I have been a client of Alis fashion design for many years.  Her level of perfection is hard to come by. I trust her with my pieces and know that it will be impeccable, and done in a timely manner. She is amazing!!!!!!
5 Lana is GREAT!  Prompt, detailed and warm!  She quoted me a quick turnaround time on short notice and gave great suggestions on the tailoring!
5 Lana does a beautiful job on alterations. I have been bringing things to her for years. I have full confidence that she'll know how to do the job right at a reasonable price and within a reasonable (if not quick) timeframe. She's wonderful to work with too. She's very nice, accommodating and customer-service oriented. Thank you, Lana!
5 Lana is the best! I purchased a bridesmaid dress online and it didn't fit properly. I had very little time to get it altered or find a replacement dress. So I looked for someone on Yelp. Thank God I found Lana. She put me at ease and was able to make the alterations in plenty of time for the wedding. Besides being amazing at her craft, she is a true sweetheart and very accomodating. I am so glad I found her and will use her from now on!
5 Lana is fantastic!!  She did 2 emergency hem jobs on my work pants with no notice and finished them on the same day.  She does perfect work and is very helpful and personable.  Awesome job, I would recommend her to anyone!!
