5 I would highly  recommend Esthetic Advisor Laser Academy to anyone who is seeking a beyond excellent  education in laser and medical esthetics. I am a graduate of EALA, and I feel that my education far surpasses that of other laser training facilities. I experienced giving state of the art  hands on laser treatments at their onsite facility, Cosmo Medspa. I learned advanced techniques, as well as skin biology in a comfortable theatre like setting. Upon graduating, I received assistance with writing a resume and finding employment at an amazing medical facility. I want to thank everyone at EALA for giving me an outstanding eduation and making my dreams come true!
5 Esthetic Advisor Laser Academy is hands down the best laser school in the valley. They offer training on advanced machines, small class sizes and knowledge that can't be found anywhere else. The training environment is a unique theater style setting with reclining chairs and a full snack bar to help you survive through the long days of training. The staff is incredible and everyone is super friendly. I am so thankful to have found EALA and would not go anywhere else!!
5 Wonderful amazing awesome school. Such great and intelligent teachers. So patient and willing to help you in whatever way they can. Such a comfortable learning environment and a great support system. So grateful I ended up finding them for my education. Worth every penny!
5 Kris is quite honestly one of the most talented and qualified laser instructors in the country.  No one has more experience, no one is more accommodating, and no one can make learning about lasers more fun than her! Her state of the art training facility is UNBELIEVABLE. Plus, the small class sizes allow students to experience more hands on training than other schools that cram 10+ people in one room. If you want to begin your career in lasers, there is no better choice than Esthetic Advisor Laser Academy
5 At first, I was torn about which laser school to attend.  After doing some research, the decision was easy. When you write on Esthetic Advisor Laser Academy's website, the owner, Kris, is the one who responds. She is the one to answer any questions, give you the tour, and she is your main instructor throughout the program. From the first day of my inquiries, I was treated like a person, like a future student, not just another number or name on a list. I loved this school!! The subject matter was covered well, and with our small class size our instructors were able to ensure everyone understood a concept before moving on. During the hands on portion of the course we learned how to successfully preform treatments, how to present pre and post treatment instructions, and how to professionally interact with our clients. I recommend this school to anyone who is interested in a top quality eduction and more personalized classroom time!!
