5 Eurotek Tuning is a 1 stop shop for all your import car needs. This company is great at what they do, have a nice professional environment.  I have sent many of my clients to Leo at Eurotek, and all they can say is WOW.  His work is beyond elite, and the pricing is very competitive.  Highly recommend Eurotek Tuning to anyone who is looking for a high end service!
5 Leo over at Eurotek Tuning is the real deal for all your Euro+ needs. Great prices exceptional customer service, and a great professional environment will help you take your car to the next level weather your just starting out or you're already one of the elite. I had a 2011 VW GTI and I was on the forums looking for my first mod, everyone told me APR Stage 1 was the way to go. After finding Eurotek on the list of dealers for APR and seeing he was right here in Vegas, I knew I had to give him a call. Very friendly answering and all questions got me in next day, ever since then I tuned my 2009 Audi A4 got a ton if parts for the GTI after a couple of months I traded my GTI for a 2012 Golf R and its first stop was Eurotek Tuning. No better place in town for your automotive needs.
5 Great facility, awesome prices only place ill take my 2009 A4 and 2013 Q5. Leo is amazing!
5 pros... well just wanted to get some new accessories for my little fiat.  so being here in the US, we don't have a lot of places to go to.  but this is one of the newer places that is getting more stuff for my car.  i got a short throw shifter adaptor.  so if you have manual geared car like mine, sometimes the gear lever travels a long distance to get into gear.  but if you get a short shifter adaptor, you will reduce the travel in that gear lever.  may not sound like much, but you can feel the difference when  you shift.  well back to the store review.  this place is great, as they have an expanding assortment of fiat accessories.  and they are located in nevada, and do most of their business by mail. so that means no sales tax for me here in california.  i ordered, and got my stuff a day earlier than expected.  and i got some stickers.  and anybody that knows me knows that i love stickers and decals.    cons...wish they had more stuff, but i will give them more time to get more stuff.  i also wish we had a shop just like them here in San Diego.
5 If your looking for an honest mechanic this is the place.  I brought in a 2002 ford mustang that was purchased for my daughter  for Leo to check out.  He looked it over, found the issues and made the suggestions on what should be fixed. New shocks and brakes were recommended at a very fair price.  But the best part was the time and concern Leo took to explain what should be done and why.  Leo made me feel he was  sure it was safe enough for his own daughter.  I would recommend Eurotek   to everyone!
5 Leo has taken care of our car needs for years. We call him for everything even if it is just a recommendation. Leo always takes the time to answer our questions and helps us brainstorm the possibilities. It is hard to find an honest mechanic in Vegas that is willing to offer top customer service with it.   We recommend Leo to all our friends and even more importantly to our family members.
5 Another great find thru Yelp. I needed 55K service on my Audi and shopped around a bit. Unlike the dealers and many other shops, Leo informed me that not everything recommended by the "Calendar" to be replaced really needs to be replaced. He'll only replace things that are needed, which I thought was pretty cool. So I took a "chance" and brought it in for the service.   Leo's very professional and personable too. He went over the things they'll be doing in details and got in touch with me for brake pads that really needed to be replaced. I didn't mention that to him before but I knew that was making some squealing sound so I knew he was telling the truth and did proper inspection. From his demeanor, I could tell I can trust him. He really doesn't try to upsell you on anything. He seemed genuine and took pride in his work.   His shop use top quality products since it's a performance tuning shop, rather than a do-it-all, jack-of-all-trade, master-of-none shops out there. I really felt the difference in my car's performance afterwards. He definitely earned a loyal customer! Thx, Leo!
5 Great service, great price and quality workmanship.  Leo was quick to diagnose my A4's problem and got it back to me within a few hours.  I'll be back for sure!!
5 Leo is always very honest with the parts I'm looking at and has helped me buy only the stuff I need and does not try to sell me stuff that I dint need or parts that dint make more power. AAA+ great shop!
5 Great service, workmanship, and price. Leo was great helped me with all the questions I needee to have my coilovers installed on my 2009 cc. Definitely recommend
