5 I LOVE this SALON! My hairstylist, Ambre, is amazing! I started going to her a couple of years ago when she was at Dolce and I have never been happier. I would recommend her services to anyone and everyone!   Brush is a brand new, boutique salon that caters to their clients every needs. The atmosphere is stunning and all of the stylists are amazing, not to mention the location is perfect! I love this salon and will continue to come back.
5 Ellie is AWESOME! She does such a wonderful job and really listens to what you want done with your color and cut. she is also great at giving you suggestions if you are looking to try something new.  The salon is GORGEOUS and you really feel comfortable and like you're at home during your services. I highly recommend all of the stylists at Brush, but Ellie is my Favorite.
5 Excellent men's haircut, very nice facility and a very reasonable price for the high quality cut you receive.  The location is great and the atmosphere is fantastic.  In years past I have always been "scared" of anything but a barber shop, Brush as put those fears to rest!  I even bring my son in there for a haircut every now and then.  Thanks Ellie and the entire staff!
5 I've been going to Dolce for years now, but when my hairstylist Chantelle made the move to Brush I followed her.  Chantelle is amazing.  She really listens to what you want and does beautiful, highly professional work.  I definitely recommend her if she can fit you in!  This was my first visit to Brush, and I loved my experience.  The space is cool and much more relaxing than what I've experienced at other salons.  The rest of the staff was very friendly and welcoming.  Will be coming back here for sure!
5 I absolutely love going to Brush. The atmosphere is great every time I go in for my appointment with Brynne Dubin who is the best stylist I have ever had. She is incredibly talented, takes instruction/inspiration to heart, and settles for nothing less than perfect every appointment. I don't let anyone else touch my hair for cut, color, and style!  The salon is beautiful and in a great location, and they only use the highest quality products. I am planning my wedding and am excited to use Brynne and Brush for my bridal party hair. I highly recommend Brush and Brynne Dubin!
5 Brynne Dubin and the Brush team are beyond amazing! I searched everywhere for an amazing stylist for my wedding and no one even sparked my interest. I had 4 trails by hair stylist that had "great reviews" and I was not satisfied by any of their work. Yes, I was 110% a bridezilla but I knew I wanted perfection and originality. I was referred to Brynne and scheduled a consultation. I knew I was going to book "Brush" for my wedding before I even sat in Brynne's chair, simply based on how I was greeted. When I arrived, Brynne introduced herself as well as the owner and they sat me down and asked me what I wanted and what my overall vision was! Not at any of my prior saloons did they take the time to truly understand what would make me happy. All the other stylists threw me in their chair and showed me pictures off Pinterest, and regardless what picture they saw you were walking out with the staple bridal up-do, curls. Brynne's work is truly art, what she is capable of is beyond any stylist I have ever dealt with. She is extremely creative and if you want her to go outside her box, she will and it will be AMAZING!!! If you can dream it, she can do it- hands down. Take it from this bridezilla, if you want the best hair and to be overwhelmed by compliments call Brynne and the Brush Team, I promise you won't be disappointed!
5 A first time customer I recently had one of the best experiences in a long time as far as haircuts go, I should mention I had not cut my hair for five years. Referred to by a friend I entered Brush, a very comfortable, personal environment and sat down with Brynne Dubin. Needless to say I won't be going anywhere else anytime soon! It was a great experience, cut, style, even if you need a quick trim on your beard/stache, I would recommend Brush and Brynne Dubin.
5 I loved my experience at Brush and it is safe to say that I have found my new salon and my new hair stylist, Brynne Dubin.  The decor is gorgeous with a soft-contemporary flair and is kept incredibly clean with a high-end vibe that I love.  I made an appointment with Brynne and not only did she give me the best cut that I have ever had, she did it quickly and intentionally -- something I feel is difficult to find in other stylists.  I have had subpar haircuts that took way longer than Brynne took on my style.  She gave me a beautiful blow-out that I loved, and my hairstyle has been easy to manage and maintain ever since my last appointment.  After searching for several years for a salon that I could see myself going back to again and again, I'm happy to say that I have finally found it!
5 I love the very cute and comfortable , intimate setting at Brush Salon. It is in a great location in Scottsdale and I really like that it is sophisticated and classy without being over the top or ostentatious. Gary has been doing my hair for 6 years now and I just can't let anyone else do my hair. Especially when it comes to color. He knows what he is doing and he is definitely a master of his craft. I followed him to Brush from Dolce and even now that I live in Tucson, I will still come to Brush to have Gary do my hair.
