5 Steve and everybody at Xtreme Vapour Are Awesome!  Their Juice is great!
5 Xtreme Vapour hands down has the best customer service and ecig products I have found!  Everything said in the posts is accurate and reliable.
5 Quit smoking? its never been easier and when I say that it true Xtreme Vapour is the best, wonderful flavors, if your thinking of quiting you really have to give this a try you will love it they have something for everyone. If your vaping now you have to go buy and give this a try, Tom has everything to try I promise you will love it. Tom go's above and beyond for his customers he really loves what his doing and it shows they have two places one is at the indoor swap meet in Goodyear open Friday-Sunday or there store on 67th and cactus open 7 day a week or you can order on line at www.xtremevapour.com  No delivery charge on anything. But you have to go in and try the flavors, going in you get to try any new flavors that come in.  If you have any questions don't be afraid to ask the guys.  So go see the guys and tell them Mat and Karen says hi
5 i thought i would never stop smoking until my brother introduced me to Xtreme Vapour. went there on saturday with my boyfriend and we got the information and help we needed to get our electronic cigarette. havent had a cigarette since. we were there to get one but ended up with one for each. the staff is very helpful and fun to talk with. thank you for such a great service and product.
5 I've been using XV products since August of last year.  I happened to luck out by finding him first as I've heard bad things about various e-cigs in the past.  When we arrived, he went through his spiel about how his vape juice was different and better than competitors (which is what you expect everyone to say).  The difference is it's true with him, since becoming a customer vaping has turned in to a full on passion of mine.  He constantly has the latest and best merchandise available on the market, his flavors are head and shoulders above the competition and Tom is a friendly and knowledgeable individual.  After a visit or two, it becomes readily apparent that this is a man and a company that truly care about their customers and won't sell them something that they aren't comfortable with or they won't like.  I've spent countless hours conversing with Tom and have witnessed countless customer transactions and can say he is a "zero-pressure" salesmen.    Both my wife and I quit smoking in large part thanks to Tom!  Never feel hesitant to ask questions if you have them as he definitely takes the time to make sure you know how the product works and how to maintain it after you've taken it home for use.  His flavor variety is second to none and while he has standard flavors like strawberry & cinnamon that you expect to find at all e-cig shops, he has numerous flavors unique to his shop.  People seeking a 'tobacco-like" vapor experience, try his XV1, it's hands down the best tobacco liquid I've tried. Coffee lovers MUST try both his Columbian coffee and Cafe Braziliano flavors. Other than that, go down to his shop or his kiosk located in the Goodyear SwapSmart and you can try any flavor he offers.
5 Extreme Vapour is MY place for vaping supplies and needs.  GREAT customer service, and the convenience of a brick and mortar.  Check them out, you won't be disappointed.
5 I swear this is THE BEST vape shop in town. Steve the owner is so helpful, you can try any flavor in store, and with 5 for $35 you can't beat the price. High quality liquid!!
1 Horrible customer service! I walked in on a Sunday to ask some questions and spend some money. There were two other customers there but they had a total of three employees behind the counter. Lucky me, I must have gotten the worst employee there to help me. A heavy-set brown haired lady did the best she could to ignore me and when I finally piped up and asked for assistance I got several short, snorty answers. Against my better judgement I bought two bottles of juice and luckily enough the product is quality stuff. Too bad the service sucks...I won't be back.
5 Visiting from Vegas and needed supplies.  why can't I find a shop like this there????  the girls were very helpful in troubleshooting and showing me how to properly care for my stick.  I was pretty much sick of constantly fussing with it and ready to go back to smoking!  It was a quick fix and now I know how to properly fill and change the wick!  Vape on!!!
1 Went in with my boyfriend at 6pm and we entered with no greeting. They ignored us (only customers inside were us). The redheaded lady with a chest tattoo was being completely rude. Did not help us and all and she has snotty remarks for simple answers we had. Unprofessional service from a girl that looks like she should be working at Hottopic. WOULD NOT RECOMMENDED THIS PLACE.
5 Great place for vaping supplies, never had a problem with them. Wish there was a shop closer but that is my only compliant, worth the drive.
5 This place is always great! Nice, cool people, always helpful & their juice is the best I've found yet :)
5 I love, love, love, love this place!!!!! Tell everyone to go there... as a matter of fact I just bought an E-vic unit from here, gave my friend my old cig ( with a new tank of course!) and they take pretty good care of him too. They have tons of flavors. Ive tried a few place's. Smoke shops just don't get it, and tried places online too. I always keep going back. never have had a problem here!
5 After having a 3/4 pack a day habit for about 15 years I have been exclusively vaping since September of '13 and couldn't be happier. I made it a point to try each shop and their juice here in the valley so as to remain objective. I have to admit, its getting harder and harder to keep up as new shops are cropping up every day. No matter how many I try, I keep going back to Extreme. Their juice is by far the most consistent, cleanest, and purest available in the greater phoenix area. Although there are others that may have more flavor the viscosity is either too thick or too thin and varies per batch or are loaded with junk that gunks up your coil in a week. Nobody, and I mean nobody, has nailed the true tobacco flavors better! Its one of the most difficult flavors to master and they have done it in numeros varieties.     As to the equipment, they have all the "latest and greatest" at competitive prices and I have not once seen a clone in the shop. 100% authentic every time. I'm a total tech head so I have run the gamut on gear and always trying new technology. Their employees do know their stuff and have even hipped me to some new products they don't even sell. That demonstrates a commitment to vaping that you will not find anywhere else. As to the staff attitude, all I can say is you get what you give...   As a final note, I live near South Mountain and will gladly take the trek to Extreme to get my fill. That's how adamant I am about the quality products they offer. Don't hesitate to give these guys a try!
5 Came in to get an eVic Supreme mod and ended up getting a tank as well. Super helpful, never felt pressured. Haven't tried their juices yet, but ill be back when i run low!
1 VERY misleading. Was sold an expensive e-cig battery and kit in which I was told I had a 30 day warranty to bring it back if I didn't like it. Upon trying to return it as I did not like it whatsoever - I was told the warranty is only for exchanges and not money back. They lie to you to suck you into a sale. NOT recommended. Bad business practice. $100 down the drain.
5 Heard of this place from a friend and me being a little spectacle since I've had a bad experience elsewhere, I gave it a try since my friend recommended it to me. I am happy and pleased to say that I did. The staff where very helpful and friendly especially Samantha and Tom. Very knowledgable of their products.  Was greeted once I entered and asked what I was looking for. I needed some juice for my e-cig but ended up buying a whole new kit as well. They believe in their products and made me a believer too. They make there own juices and the flavors are great and it's soo smooth. Im thankful they have a website to order from because I was just visiting friends in AZ and was worried how I was going to purchase more products in the future. Since my visit I've purchased more products online. Fast and FREE  shipment. I'm completely satisfied with their services and products. Will defiantly recommend it to everyone I know!!!
