4 Pretty sure this is in what used to be AA Wok.  It is in the northeast corner of the Food City parking lot. Anyway, have to admit this was my first taste of pho. Brought my son, who claims to have had pho "thousands of times".   The place just opened and it is sparsely laid out and not a place that will impress you with it's decor (or lack of it). The sign at the counter said cash only, but there was a Visa/MasterCard sign on the register. The woman at the counter was very friendly, yet didn't get the impression she  spoke much English so figured since I had cash I wouldn't  try paying by card.   Good Friday meant we were going meatless. Som was bummed that he couldn't get the rare beef, but since he wasn't buying he didn't really have a say.  Ordered up two seafood soups and sat down at one of the tables. A very pleasant man came from the kitchen to confirm our orders and off he went....presumably to make our order. The woman returned with some glasses of water and came back again minutes later with plates of bean sprouts, cilantro, sliced jalapeño, and lime wedges. Once last trip brought each of them bringing HUGE bowls of soup.   As I mentioned earlier, this was my first bowl of pho, so don't have anything to measure it against. However, I munched down everything in that bowl then slurped up all the broth that was left. Good stuff!   Thought the it was going to be $7.99 a bowl, yet the bill rang up as $6.99 a piece. Didn't want to haggle, so I let it go? :)  Sure the hard core pho foodies  could weigh in with more educated reviews, but I enjoyed my first foray into pho. The food was tasty, but doubt the interior is going to impress anyone. The people were very sweet and I wish the best for them.  Go check it out!
4 Since I moved to this area last year, I've prayed every day for a Vietnamese restaurant on this side of town and lo and behold- we finally have one! It's even biking distance!  This place is very newly opened with unremarkable interior- in other words, exactly like the types of Vietnamese restaurants I would frequent in my childhood in Utah and California.  The people are super sweet, and the old man had extra kind and gracious manners. I got two bowls of pho tai for takeout, and was pleased to see that saw leaf herb was included (rau ngo om ).  Saw leaf herb is typically a little pricier than the standard bean sprouts and basil, so I always give extra kudos when extra effort is made in including this very traditional herb.  The broth itself was solid; I usually like a little more anise flavor but it was still favorable nonetheless.  All in all, I was very pleased and hope they receive the support they deserve!
4 I too have prayed for a spot for Pho in my neighborhood and we finally have it !!!  As in previous reviews the physical restaurant is nothing special, clean and uninteresting, but........THEY KNOW HOW TO MAKE A BOWL OF PHO.  Happy Happy. I had the seafood and loved it.  Nice amount of seafood and noodles and an excellant broth.  We also ordered the three beef, also good, lots of bits and pieces of beef.  The owner/cook is a very nice gentleman. The server does not speak English but is also exceptionally sweet and welcoming.  I will be back and try other things on the menu.  But I now know  I can get a satisfactory Pho experience five minutes from home and I am thankful.
2 This place apparently opened a little over a month ago.  The people are friendly but barely speak any English.  Husband had the pho dac biet - it was alright, he said.  I had the com thit nuong - the porkchop was pretty decent, but the rice was definitely old and microwaved (I also could hear them using the microwave in the back).   I ordered a small bowl of pho tai gan sach for the boy, and there was ONE sach (tripe) in the bowl.   Others below have said their pho is delicious but then go on to say they ordered the "seafood" one...I'm sorry, but if there is seafood in your pho, you are NOT ordering pho - that's more of either their "mi" dish or their "hu tieu" dish...true pho does not have seafood in it.  With that said, I was hoping this place would be really good since it's so close to my house, but unfortunately, I will probably not be coming back to this place again, nor do I think this place will be open for much longer either.  Back to Viet Kitchen I go...
4 This place is pretty remarkable. Granted, we were a little throw off by the interior but boy do they make up for it with authentic, delicious pho. The owners are extremely friendly and welcoming, language barrier and all. We loved the spring rolls and look forward to frequenting this great spot.  Give it a try, you wont regret it!
5 5 stars for the Pho. The decor is minimal but I do not care about that when the food is good. I ordered the combination pho it came in a huge bowl for a good price and served with a plate with bean spouts, peppers, parsley and Vietnamese basil. I will be back again. Can't wait to try the spring rolls.
4 food is very delicious, never had vietnamese food but i now find my self eating here everyday for lunch.
5 Good food!
5 Delish!!! I love pho but I hate it that I always come out smelling like fish from Vietnamese places, not this one. The cleanest, friendliest, and one of the yummiest services ever!  I'm going to be a regular since I just moved to the area. :)
5 Good food, very nice people running the place, and the Viet Namese iced coffee was good, too.  Will definitely be heading back soon.
3 A mom n pop kinda place.  Small, pho was good, shrimp roll was okay...but then againI grew up in Toronto, Canada where we have a huge Vietnamese population and pho places are everywhere, cheap and tasty! Satisfied my pho craving while in Scottsdale.
5 Excellent Pho.  I had the usual, spring rolls and Pho Thai.  The peanut sauce for the spring rolls was not the best.  The deep broth wasn't overpowered by the anise and came with lots greens, cilantro and green onions.  I'm going back.
4 Northern Phoenix doesn't have very good Vietnamese food so when I heard about this place we had to try it.  The location is a bit scary, near a food city and a rent to own center blaring music and advertising in Spanish. Thought I was in the wrong place.  The restaurant was empty on this Saturday and that also gave me some second thoughts but too late to turn back. The wife was starving anyway. Said she would faint if I didn't feed her soon. The waitress here does not speak English so it must be authentic right?    Ordered the spring rolls to start. In Vietnamese the spring rolls are soft not crispy and served with peanut sauce. These had moist wrappers which is good. Better than hard and dry. They had grilled pork and shrimp. The pork wasn't that well seasoned but not bad. At least they have hoisin and siracha on the table.  Wide had the combination pho and I had the rice noodle bowl. The pho bowl was huge!  Largest I've seen in some time. Soup is on the darker side but tasty. Decent amount of meat, tripe, etc. The vegetables to go with it are mostly been sprouts, a small amount of basil and cilantro and a couple shavings of jalapeño.  Overall good but if your hungry you may want to get some extra noodles. Plenty of broth so should work well.   My meal was large also. The fish sauce is a bit tame. Grilled pork is not really grilled but cooked more bugogi style. Tasty though. You get some shrimp and a crispy style spring roll. Nice!  I stole some cilantro and basil from my wife and broke it up to mix in. Good stuff!!  In summary a good place for an unassuming meal that is a good value.
5 Delicious pho tai! A secret gem tucked away in a little strip mall. Definitely not a place to go for the atmosphere but for amazing Vietnamese food.
5 A very nice couple was working. No, they don't speak much English but you can tell they are learning. Plus the food was very authentic and the menu was varied. It's not in a pretty spot but it's clean. I couldn't find the hours or phone number so I just posted a pic with the back of their menu with that info.
5 Wow, sooo yummy.   Really, it is, go, go now.  The place is very clean and staff super gracious.
4 Great food and friendly people. The PHO is the best! The PHO CHICKEN was hot and very tasty. Very clean and fast service. Glad to see PHO on this side of town. Want to try every PHO Bowl on the menu.
5 Excellent Pho! Highly recommend. The wife and I both had the shrimp pho with all the fixens. We will be back!
5 Delicious pho! These tiny restaurants seem to guarantee fresh, authentic ingredients and fantastic customer service. Ma and Pop are dolls, barely speak English, but are serving up hearty bowls of my favorite Vietnamese dish: seafood pho. It's a must try.   The number to call for carry out is (602) 923-0241. I had a hard time finding it.
5 We are pretty picky with the places we eat at. So this place seemed very simple and it was not in the best neighborhood.  However, the food was very fresh and the owner and his wife are very nice.  A very pheasant surprise.
4 Needing energy in prep for an afternoon hike in nearby Lookout Mountain, I went here because it was one of the few places open on Christmas day. This no-frills restaurant is small and clean and the service is friendly. I ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls and the chicken pho -- both were very good. The food was inexpensive, typical of most Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley.
4 This is not the best Pho place I've ever eaten at, but it is the best in the Valley!  I had two slightly different experiences. The first, I found the Pho under seasoned and too lightly flavored.  The second, the Pho was perfectly concentrated and seasoned and really tasted delicious.  I would go back and give it another try!
5 The lady who works here can hardly speak any English but she doesn't need to because of how delicious the Pho Tai is. I always stick with the Pho Tai, egg rolls, and spring rolls. I wish they had the dish that has fried eggs on top but I can't complain this place is delicious.
3 Usually I only get Pho of some kind and spring rolls, so this is really what my review is covering. I come here because its near my house. The food can be good, but my experiences have been mixed. When I've eaten here the couple who owns the restaurant is always very nice, especially the wife. The Pho Tai has been good, but not always, I think once, this was because business was slow that day. I could here him nuking the broth in a microwave. The meat appeared and tasted old. On other occasions things have been right on and flavorful.  I would say if you ordering to go it is at your own risk. Usually the portions are really small. And while the man is nice in the restaurant, on one occasion he was really rude on the phone. It went something like this. (Me) "I'd like to order for take out" (Him) "hurry up, It's too busy right now" and then hangs up, literally a second later. That ticked me off, oh well I'll forgive him if this place is all I have time for, otherwise, I strongly recommend Saigon Nites, if you can make the drive a little further into Scottsdale. I haven't had anything better than that near this area. Their spring rolls are the best if you like a lot of herbs!! Viet Kitchen on Cave Creek and the 101 is adequate, and in the downtown area nothing beats Pho Thanh, best bargain menu for any type of food!! Happy Pho Day!
5 Amazing food..it is obvious this couple puts tender loving care in all they do. Im having fun going and trying different things on the menu. A must try for all who want to tantalize their taste buds..... A plus.... michelle
5 I love this little jewel of a place. The pho is traditional Vietnamese fare that is wholesome and amazing . I come at least once a week. Don't miss out on this really great place.
1 I was surprised to find out there was a new Vietnamese restaurant so close to my house. I usually go to Da Vang on 19th Ave. I was hopeful this would be my new place to go...Unforunately, it won't be. Like previous reviews stated, there was a definite communication barrier with the waitress. I did not recieve what I ordered but when I pointed out the issue she didn't understand so I just ate what she brought. The pho wasn't bad but it wasn't the best I've had.  My main issue with this place was the fact that nothing, and I mean NOTHING was cooked fresh in that kitchen. Every SINGLE thing that came out of the kitchen was heated up in the microwave. I kept hearing the ding ding ding of the microwave and then a bowl of soup would come out. In my opinion pho just doesn't taste as good when it's reheated, especially in a microwave. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that the owner was the only one in there and maybe he thinks its faster/easier to just reheat instead of cooking things fresh, regardless I did not like the results.   I sincerely hope the owner does well, but I will not be going back. I will go back to my usual place. Although its further, at least I know my soup will be hot and fresh. They're so busy I bet they cook it multiple times a day.
5 I love eating pho, and since I was in the valley, I decided to give this place a try. Very good pho, not the best, but very tasty.  Yes, there is a communication barrier. Despite that, the waitress was very nice and friendly.  Don't let the exterior of the restaurant deceive you.   Will be coming back! :)
5 Some of the best pho I've ever had. I tried the rare beef pho and would definitely order again. I went with my mom and she had it with chicken, also delicious. All of the add-ins (bean sprouts, cilantro, mint and jalapeño) were very fresh.  The veggie spring rolls were delightful and came with a tasty peanut sauce. Best of all, the prices are great. $7 for a HUGE bowl of soup.  Yes, there is a small language barrier but with a little patience and some gestures, it wasn't an issue. I wouldn't fault them for that, especially when the food is so good.  The interior is plain, but it's clean. Service was fast and they came by multiple tomes, always keeping our water glasses full. I would definitely go back.
5 So, 7pm, we are watching TV and for some reason I say to my hubby: "So, you have not tried a Vietamese restaurant, uh?"  We usually have dinner around 5-6~ but we had not eaten yet... I had only gone to 2 pho places and my favorite was way West, so that was a no-no. I checked Yelp and found Pho A.V. On our way we are. The service was great, and since our Vietnamese is... non existent... we just ate whatever the owner recommended... Spring Rolls (pork) with peanut sauce, #8 pho, and daughter ordered sesame shrimp (#45) If you are familiar with the options, the lady waitress can take the numbers, if you need additional details or have a special request you may need to communicate directly with the owner. We also had the iced coffee with condensed milk. The service was great, they are super friendly. Also, the water was really good...
4 I've been here a couple times. After reading about how good the pho tai was, I had to try it. It is really good. Next time a different menu item.
5 This is a good little "hole-in-the-wall" type restaurant. Where this term is usually saved for greasy American and Mexican food, I think this term fits the bill here. The Pho here is one of the more authentic Pho I've had here in Arizona. This is a no frills, no hype, non-fancy type of place. When you walk in, your initial thought is to walk right out. But I'm glad I stayed and gave this place a try, and I promise you will not be sorry for staying and ordering some yummy Pho. The lone waitress that is there does not speak English very well, but she'll understand everything that you're ordering. Don't expect to hold a conversation with her though. The several times I've been there, I've only tried their Pho and have yet to try any other dish, not because it's not appealing, but because the Pho there is so good. I may have to order something else next time I'm there so that I can review that food.   Also, do yourself the favor of totally disregarding the 1 star review where this person says the food is microwaved. That person said, "I kept hearing the ding ding ding of the microwave and then a bowl of soup would come out." Please, that proves nothing. On top of that, I've never heard any "ding ding ding" all the times I've been here. Some people just like to write bad reviews. When I see ridiculous reviews like that one, I always think of the line in "The Dark Knight" where Alfred says, "Some men just want to watch the world burn." lol
5 Great Spring rolls! Generous amount of BBQ pork insiden peanut sauce was yummy! I had #6 beef pho, broth was very good a little siracha added and I ate all of it! Language could be a barrier she spoke almost no english but our orde was correct.
2 I got the combination pho and it didn't have much flavor to it and the portion was very small for the price.
4 Mom and pop operation. Very nice people. Food is good. Love their veggie egg rolls that come w green leaf lettuce, cilantro, mint. Chicken fried rice dish is large and tasty. My staff loves the pho. I haven't tried it yet.
4 This place needs to STAY!!   Absolutely the best Vietnamese in the valley. I have only had one better Bun, and that was in San Fransisco (which makes sense as there is a huge Asian population there).   We have been there twice and both times the food was delicious. Different flavors, but shouldn't be scary for the 'American' palate. Both times we had the #16 Bun w pork. And the #20 Soft egg noodle w veges and beef. And the wonderful spring rolls.   As the other reviews have noted, not much atmosphere ( I may take my iPod speakers next time). The server is extremely friendly and helpful. When we had dinner there the last time, I had mixed my pork and veges and noodles as your supposed to do, But she stopped by and put the rest of my sauce (kind of a light dressing) on my food and motioned to mix it more. I bet she wanted to help me and do it herself. Very cute.
5 I absolutely love this place, the seafood pho is delicious & they know my order when I walk in. They're always very pleasant, I come at least once a week. Great prices as well!
5 Awesome! Excellent service and the food was great. Prices were also very reasonable. Highly recommend !
5 I've been searching for Pho since we moved to Phoenix and by golly my kingdom has come! We walked in when it opened and it was pretty empty, but I was excited to smell the beloved star anise that I knew was simmering in my pho-to-be! I quickly glanced over the menu to see what I could order for my 18 month old and I. Spring rolls, round-eye pho, and chicken curry. Everything came out swiftly and deliciously. The pho was hot (temp wise), the spice in the curry was just right, and since there was shrimp in the spring rolls I got to scarf them both down with every last drop of that delicious peanut sauce by myself as my toddler is allergic! The waitress did not speak any english, but when she placed down the spring roll she put the peanuy sauce on the roll for me. Haha! It was cute! Also, when I asked for to-go boxes she sat down at the table and sweetly helped put all the food away while kissing my toddler. I am so happy to have found this place I love introducing new places to friends and family so i'm looking forward to more pho adventures here in the future!
4 First visit. Not a particular fan of their spring rolls, but the best pho I've found in the area since the Nam Sao closed. I'll be back.
