5 I've literally just got in from Fatma's.....I'm a fan of Hanams but this place is on another level! Had a platter of starters between us and as someone who adores Middle Eastern food my standards are quite high (we eat out in Dubai a lot!) I have to say that the food was divine. We chatted to the owner/chef who has his takeaway cartons arriving shortly...no doubt these guys will be seeing our custom from all angles! I genuinely didn't have one complaint. The Moutabal, Arayess & Mouhallabieh were particularly delightful. I think I'll be taking my tourist friends here instead of my midtown staple from now on... 100% recommended
4 I really enjoy middle eastern food, so when I spotted this restaurant on Commercial Street I knew wanted to try this place..  Tanja R. and I decided to find out what Fatma is all about.. The waiter informed me that they have only been there for 3 months. He brought us the menus and explained that a good way to enjoy the 'lebanese experience' is to share smallish mezze plates and he recommended 5 mezze plates for 2 people. Though he did also mention that the portions are reasonably large - so caution in mind we went for 4 mezze plates: hummus, grilled halloumi, arayes and lamb skewer.   They also brough flatbread and 3 different kind of dips to go with the food. All the food was delicious, I especially enjoyed the halloumi cheese. The hummus was quite nice too as was the arayes (toasted pitta bread stuffed with spiced minced lamb). The lamb skewer was tasty, albeit a bit chewy.   The restaurant itself was very modern - nothing wrong with it per se but it just lacked atmosphere. I think a really authentic looking place would elevate this experience - hmm.. maybe even to five stars!  :)
3 I went to Fatma last Friday to get a takeaway as I needed a lebanese 'pick me up'.  Upon entering, I was greeted warmly by a gentleman who I assume was the owner. I placed my order and they offered me a seat whilst the food was being prepared. At this point the restaurant was quiet, with only a couple dining in. I had nice banter with a waiter who kept me entertained with stories of a country we both used to live in.   Fatma opened earlier this year and they now have a takeaway menu, which has an extensive selection: soups, salads, mezze, main courses - anything from tabbouleh to falafel and shawarma. The menu had loads of all sorts of authentic lebanese dishes, most of which I am not familiar but if you fancy e.g. shakreyeh - don't worry, it is on the list! The takeaway menu explains that shakreyeh is 'tender lamb meat cooked in our own yogurt sauce and herbs, served with rice and salad'.  Ok, so I actually chose lamb shawarma. A big box of tender lamb pieces on a bed of aromatic rice, flavoured with saffron and cardamom. It was accompanied by salad, some flat breads and a tomato based dip which contained what looked like okra. It was all tasty. My only niggle was that the rice looked a bit greasy, but perhaps it was due to the lamb pieces mixed with rice, which contributed to this.  Fatma ain't the cheapest, but it's not a place you would always go for a takeway - and it has an emphasis on good quality food. Takeaway of lamb shawarma is £11.95.
4 Upon entering Fatma you are warmly greeted by the owner and directed straight to your table.  The food we ate was delicious from their extensive menu! The houmous was the best ive tasted and the lamb dishes we had were so tender, you could tell that it was quality meat we were tasting. We enjoyed 2 starters 2 mains a glass of wine, 2 beers and a lebanese cake for desert and the meal came to £67, however we bought a groupon voucher we bought for £30 which meant we could spend £60 - so effectively half price!!! great deal.   I did feel however that at the end of our meal that they were happy to see us leave and wanting to free up space, which did put me off slightly.  Worth a visit!
