4 Reasonably priced good eats.  Attentive service and friendly staff.   Counter seats available. Open 24 hrs!
1 Took 40 min to get our food wich included a salad ,pancakes &hamburger.the inexperience service was awful.the bun&meat was hard&could not be eaten.salad was missing half of ingredients &no refills.manager came over after calling her to tell her about the food & she did not apologize for anything.she brought a new hamburger with an attitude on the side.the check was never picked up.worst experience&disappointed because the cafe was long over due.no organization,no guest service, not coming back.
3 I was happy to learn that the Denny's had been recently replaced by this in-house owned and operated restaurant.  The restaurant is bright and open.  We each ordered easy over eggs, wheat toast, hash browns and bacon.  The eggs were perfect, the bacon crispy, the hash browns tasty, but the bread was barely toasted.  We weren't the only ones disappointed in the toast because we overheard someone at adjoining table asking to have his toast sent back to the kitchen to make it crispy.  A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
4 The Mahi Mahi was great and of value!
3 According to my friend, this place inside the casino hotel Fiesta used to be Denny's. Now it is called Cafe Fiesta.  I am not too sure but I don't think they remodeled the place....it still looks like Denny's.   People are friendly.  The food is mediocre just like every other diner you see around but the price is not bad.  It is an option for you to dine late night when you get hungry during playing casino.
5 My husband and I stop by at least once a week. We have both ordered something different everytime we come. The service has always been very good. We have enjoyed all of the dishes we have ordered. Good food for a good price.
1 Tried this place once, was not impressed with food or service - would have given it 2 stars.  Decided to give it another shot but between the two I can't give more than 1 star.  It took almost 40 minutes to get our breakfast orders (ham and eggs, eggs benedict).  My eggs benedict was cold.  Not just lukewarm, but actually cold.  When I finally flagged the waitress down to ask for a new one, she seemed to not be able to understand what I was saying and called her manager.  I told the manager my food was cold and she took it to the kitchen and told me she'd be right out with a replacement.  Ok, no problem.  Until 20 minutes later and my husband was done with his meal (since I was starving by this time and shared his) and I still hadn't gotten my food.  I would have just cancelled the order had I been able to get someone's attention to tell. By the time I got my order (over an hour since we'd arrived), we were running late and needed to leave.  The manager was upset that I told her I no longer wanted the meal and only very reluctantly took it off the bill.    If this was my first experience here, I wouldn't give a review like this until I tried it again.  But this second try was our first visit all over again, just magnified.  The only good thing about the place are the prices - eat here if you are seriously on a budget and have lots and lots of time and patience.
4 Fiesta Henderson made the right decision to ditch Denny's a return to an in-house cafe, and Cafe Fiesta has more surprises than that. Cafe Fiesta is a win just on its very tasty Asian menu alone. I tried the walnut shrimp and could live off it. Actually one of the better cafes at a Station's I've been to.  For the budget-conscious, they make a point that everything is under $10. When Cafe Fiesta first opened a few months ago, the menu was pretty limited but has expanded greatly since then. Did I mention the Asian menu?
4 Nice remodel of this place. Looks so new even their open kitchen has new equipment. We usually come here for late night breakfast. It's never too busy, their Graveyard crew is always friendly.   Graveyard Breakfast menu super cheap.  Steak and Eggs listed at $5.99.. and that was the highest priced dish on there.   Got your basic bacon eggs and shared a huge bowl of biscuits and gravy.  The portions are just right especially for the price.  My dish was great.  Can't screw up breakfast.   Helpful and attentive staff.. even the Keno runner off duty acknowledged us.   Fist bump to server who gave us boarding pass discount even though we didn't have our card.   In and outta there in less than an hour spent less than fifteen bucks for the two of us. And cool beans I have no kitchen mess to clean up! Gotta love decent places to eat open 24/7!
4 We came here on a Monday night and ordered off of their late night specials. We ordered  1. All-nighter breakfast, 1.99 2. classic burger and fries, 2.99 for 6.38  - This is a great place for your midnight munchies. Compared to the Grand Cafe's in other Station Casinos. This spot is clean and rarely filled with drunks.  - The Grand Cafe is a better alternative than Denny's. It's cheaper. As long as you have a boarding pass, you are in the clear.  - The only reason why it's not a 5 star is because I prefer going to Coronado Cafe at South Point. Although this place has steak and eggs for 5.95, they got the same thing but for 3.95! haha.  - Service is simple. We got our food quickly. Jonathan was a pleasant dude.  - All-night breakfast was simple. Quick late night craving satisfied.  - Classic burger and fries were also simple. No frills. If you are craving a hamburger, I'd say it's a better alternative than the Jack in the Box that is off of Gibson.  - Overall, amazing place to dine when the cravings hit and you have time to sit and relax.
4 I've been a regular at Cafe Fiesta since they changed from Denny's.  As many have said, the Asian Menu is an excellent surprise!  They recently changed some of the recipes for the Asian side and things are even better now.  I have heard also that they might be adding some additional Asian items.  The staff are, for the most part, extremely friendly and helpful. And one of the best things is that there's nothing on h menu over $10... they do have specials from time to time, and I've never heard of one of those (Like a Surf & Turf) that was over $13.
2 My wife's go to meal when feeling under the weather is scrambled eggs and toast and this rendition was well executed.  My Cobb salad was the worst I have ever experienced.  Each ingredient was chopped into morsels almost too small to recognize.  Nutritionally bankrupt iceberg lettuce was the primary ingredient, the chicken was overcooked and the dressing was virtually tasteless.  Thankfully it was senior day so I was only charged  1/2 points.
5 I just had their classic burger with pepper jack cheese and sweet potato fries.  It's a half pound, grilled however you like it, and I must say it was delicious!  I almost went to the Fatburger in the food court, but I figured I would give the cafe a shot, I'm glad I did.  I liked the food much better than Fatburger and it was a better price in a clean and comfortable place with excellent and friendly service.  I will happily be returning to this cafe again.
1 Horrible. Place has gone downhill. Items are either overcooked or undercooked. Staff doesn't seem to care. Slow service.
