1 Awful, awful, awful. Unless you're on the strip or at the airport where there are designated cab lines, Frias cabs will treat you like...well, you know. Very disappointed. I was told my cab would arrive in 20 mins, and I was just trying to get across I-15 from just west of the strip. I was in a situation where I couldn't go inside, and was out in 103 degree Vegas heat. I called back after 30 mins, still no cab dispatched, and was told to call back in 10. Did that, still no dispatch. I called after an hour of waiting, asked for a supervisor, who didn't tell me any new info and she even hung up on me after I told her I was stranded in the heat! Horrible way to run a business. Only one supervisor was available, and the phone operators told me what they do is, although I saw hundreds of cabs drive by, they put in a request for ONE cab driver and just make you wait til that ONE driver accepts the offer. And sometimes they turn it down. Call Desert Cab instead! They came and picked me up in 15 minutes!!!
1 LV Cabs is the reason why we should be able to give Negative stars. I've never been on the phone with so many people who were awful at what they do. It's like, if you hate what you do for a living, then please (for the sake of people who have places to go) work somewhere else!  And what's with the perpetual state of "Well we don't have any cars anywhere on planet earth"? On a Monday morning at 2:30am, there were apparently no cabs on planet earth that were capable of coming to W. Lake Mead & Buffalo (for 2 hours) (After I was told that a cab was on the way, so they're also liars). The previous review was spot-on.  I pride myself on being the best at what I do for a living, it's nice to see that there are still companies out there like LV Cabs who embrace being the very worst in the world at what they do.   Final Verdict: LV Cabs HATES locals, you're better off walking; -4 Stars
1 Horrific. Was told 15 min an hour ago. Called 3 times. Finally had a cab driver tell me they didn't have anything Coming for 5 but were having us wait as long as they could to try and get a ride. Honesty goes a long ways d bags. I know you don't need my business but ill spread the word.
1 I've never really had great experiences with cabs and cab drivers but this probably tops the list! I needed a way to get to work so I was on a schedule. First of all, I got a call from the taxi driver informing me he'd be there no later than 15 mins, confirming my address, etc and there was just a very sarcastic borderline rude tone to his voice, fine whatever. He called me a second time asking for directions because he got lost. And when he finally arrived, what was supposed to be  "no later than15 mins" took a good half hour. I was running way behind schedule and to top it off, the motherf**ker got pulled over as he kept the meter going! He got three tickets from the cop and used me as an excuse for his speeding because I was running late (he didn't know that fact until after he got pulled over when I called my boss to give her a heads up that I would be late) When all was said and done my $15 cab ride was doubled and I had to pay every single cent or else he would've kept me captive in his vehicle. I finally decided to pay and the piece of sh*t credit card machine (whatever you call it) wasn't working. There goes another 5 mins of my life. Naturally I was furious... and late for work.
1 The f****ing worst. Called them at 8am to schedule a pickup. They were nice on the phone and told me to call back in 10 min when I was ready to roll bc a driver might be there in 10 min, 30min the latest. I called back 10 min later (8:10) and ordered the cab. Sounded easy peasy. Was told to wait in the lobby and to wait for a call from the driver... as you can imagine, both the call and the cab NEVER CAME. So, I was forced to roam the streets looking for a cab at 9:10, an hour after booking a cab through this shite company. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT CALL lvcabs.com to book a cab, unless you really, really enjoy aimlessly hanging out in your lobby.  Uber... HURRY UP and get to Vegas already!
