5 So happy to see Preppy Pet open in by neighborhood. I have struggled to find a place to watch my dog that was affordable and that I felt my dog would be properly loved. I met Sue, the manager and knew I could trust her. I travel to Flagstaff frequently throughout the year and it is hard to take my dog, stay in a hotel and work. This is a life saver for me and the location is perfect for a drop off as I head north. Everything is very clean and they have good climate control. Also liking the video camera log-on system so I can see what my girl is up to when I am away. They even have dog grooming so I can get that done all in one stop. I recommend you check them out if you have a need for day care or boarding. Nice people!
5 Gotta check out the smell and tell tour!!! You know when you go in some pet places it has odors, here it doesnt. Easy check in and out. Friendly staff!
5 First and foremost my dog really enjoys going to this place. Sue and all her team take such good care of him, treating him like he's their own boy.  The additional feature of being able to watch via Camera while away (yes, they have an app for that) is incredibly reassuring and allows me to not miss my dog just so much.  Prices are very reasonable, and the service & care is top-notch  They even were able to help me out this morning with an emergency as I've been called out of the office for a four-day trip. Sue made sure she had room for Jasper so I can attend to my business knowing my boy will be well cared for.
5 So it's been a year and this place is still rocking. Sue is amazing with animals. The set up is really good and the camera program is really neat. No matter where you are on your trip, you can log in and see your dog playing. It used to be stressful to leave my dog with someone. Based on how excited my dog gets when she sees Sue, I know she is in good hands. Try it... you'll be happy you did.
5 Such a great place, and the owner, Sue, is terrific. She invited us to bring our two pups in for a visit so they would feel comfortable before their stay and then she spent a good 30 minutes with us - letting my nosey guy snif out the entire place and getting to know my little girl who has some heavy anxiety issues. Within 5 minutes they were both at ease. When we dropped the pups off before vacation, they it went so smoothly and I think the initial visit was a huge part of this. Sue is also just a natural with animals and she really cares about them and about providing a welcoming place. Our little girl had problems eating when she is nervous so Sue sat with her and fed her out of her hand. We feel so lucky to have found Sue and can't imagine having our pups stay with anyone else! Thank you, Sue!
5 We made a last minute reservation with Sue to care for our two dogs for a week while we were out of town.  We were leaving on an early morning flight so we were waiting outside the Preppy Pet right at 7 a.m. when they are scheduled to open and we saw Sue driving up waving and smiling.  That's when we knew our dogs would be in good hands.  She welcomed us and got our doggies settled right away.  We were able to walk into the area were our dogs would be staying and it was clean and spacious. The greatest, and most important thing about boarding our dogs here was that we were able to watch them on the Pet Cam.  Watching our dogs in real time while we were away was such a comfort. On the day our dogs were leaving preppy pet, they were played with as if it were the first day (we know because we watch this on the pet cam).  We made arrangements for my sister to pick our dogs up and everything went fine.  We would definitely recommend preppy pet phoenix north.
