5 This is a fabulous coffee shop that also serves wine, beer and food. Highly recommend the flatbread with goat cheese, olives and avocado. All the ingredients were so fresh! They brew Anodyne coffee which is one of my favorites - if you are looking for a perfectly and expertly brewed cup of high quality coffee, this is a great place to go. They also support the local music scene and are operating as a venue for acoustic acts. I saw a show here recently and it was amazing. The sound is great and the band was awesome and a perfect fit for this venue. In short, highly recommend this place whether you're looking for coffee in the afternoon or a drink and some good music at night. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful as well. Five stars all around!
5 Monroe is chock full of locally owned businesses.   (No surprise there.)  But there are only a few that totally stand out and blow everyone else away. And when I say blow everyone else away, I mean like a gust of friggin' "we're not in Kansas City anymore" type wind. The newly named (new owners/new look) Crescendo Espresso is one such place. And after you read this you need to go there. You need to grab a pour over or cold brew. You need to sit and soak up what I think is one of the most overlooked and under appreciated (for now - this will change) cafes on that side of town.   The owners Cait and Paul are some of the coolest folks I've met in Madison. One of them will probably be there when you are. Paul designed the logo and had it inked on his bod, and Cait has been with the place for a bit, first as a barista before taking the keys. Crescendo is their baby.  They recently got married, and even amidst this life altering change, they carved out time to make some awesome adjustments inside and out. Gone is that horrific canopy that blocked every ray of sunshine from pouring through those tall windows. The space is now bright and fresh. There's been some counter re-adjustment, so the area between you and your barista is more open and accessible... like a cafe should be. There's a way cool pour over station with crazy digital scales that have more buttons than a novice like me understands, a station built by Cait's father. And as for the coffee... it's incredible. Anoydye from Milwaukee. These guys are also in bands, different bands and if you ever get a chance to hear Cait sing, you're in for a treat. Music is part of their life and it's part of their concept. Eye over the website or Facebook page for awesome acts weekly. The acoustics are incredible.  Now how do I know all of this? Because they're not afraid to share. It also helps that I always have a million questions because I write reviews in my head, but I can't take all the credit. Everyone on the staff is welcoming and kind, quick to strike up conversation, like you'd expect from a cafe who's mission is to blow people away.
5 After a change of hands, this cafe spot on Monroe Street has transitioned to the perfect place to learn more about coffee, listen to some live music and enjoy the company of neighbors and friends.  The owners are enthusiastic about music + coffee and they really show it! A new, custom made pour-over station ensures you get a cup of the best quality and learn something new while you're at it! Some alterations to the front of the shop let more light in for a fresh, relaxing spot to do what you need to do while you caffeinate.  If it's a little too late for java, there are wine and beer options, too! Hungry? The flatbread is delicious!
4 Kick back with a book, a soy latte, and a Silly Yak gluten free vegan chocolate raspberry muffin (if you have the weirdest diet but love all of the delicious). A Monroe street gem of a coffee shop.
4 Realistically this is all I need in a local coffee shop. A rotating display of art work on the walls, great music playing in the background, mismatched plates & mugs, sunshine streaming in through the windows, the opportunity to catch some local bands or author readings.  And of course, great coffee.  I don't need to buy a mug with a company logo on it or some schmaltzy last minute gift that screams "I didn't try.  At all."  Looking forward to many return visits with laptop in tow & pretending to be working while what I'm most likely doing is running background checks on potential dates.
1 Only had the iced coffee and won't get it again. They fill half the cup with water and then put a "concentrated" coffee in it. Not good, tastes watered down and bitter. Brewed coffee is on the only way to go for iced coffee.
4 Get the Mocha Blended thing, amazing! This place is also great to keep an eye on for live music, which they feature pretty regularly. Cozy little setup, owners are always there, good conversation, great Frappes.
5 Ever had a peppermint latte?  Sure you have... at Starbucks with the yucky syrup crap... Maybe I should be more specific when I ask the question; have you ever had a peppermint latte at Crescendo?  No?  Try it!  They use a peppermint extract instead of a syrup and the result is pure ecstasy in a cup!  They have other extracts too, I think Cait's "go to" is the Orange extract.  Oh, you don't know who Cait is?  What about Paul?  He's the bearded fellow that is way wittier than your brother-in-law at last year's Christmas party...  Cait and Paul are outstanding, accomplished, and probably some of the nicest and humble business owners you'll meet.  The inspiration for Crescendo... yup, that's all them!  That warm cozy atmosphere with special attention paid to the local artist decor, comfy seating, amazing eats and love poured into a coffee cup.. they got it right!   Did I mention they're musically inclined?  Sign-up for their emails to know when the next performances are coming to their stage.  This place can't be beat and it's worth the stop inside... stay a while and relax, you'll be happy you did.
4 Great place, love the fireplace on a cold day, and the coffee is excellent.  I don't like that some of the baked goods are sealed in plastic.
5 Love the atmosphere!  Fireplace!!!!   Staff is always up for a laugh.  I am not a coffee drinker but I do enjoy the iced tea.  My children and I absolutely LOVE the Tree Huggers!!!!  They are always asking for Tree Huggers as a reward.  Heck, If I can get the cat box scooped it is a great deal!   The Tree Huggers are egg sandwiches with pesto, cheese, spinach and tomato.   They were even kind enough to let me interview for employees before my store was open.  Odd request but Cait was up for it and it actually turned into a lot of fun!
4 Barista was super friendly and helpful.  She explained the coffees and answered all my questions.  The coffee was great and so was the cranberry cookie. Good place to relax and people watch.
