5 My girlfriends and I visited this Grand Lux Cafe location in the hotel, Palazzo 3 times during a 4 night stay.  This is Cheesecake Factory location.  Loved Happy Hour menu with the appetizers and $5 drinks special.  I loved the blueberry mojito.  As well, each appetizers were $5 each.  We ended up ordering Creamy Spinach & Cheese Dip, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Crispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls, Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls and Double-Cheese Mini Sliders.   Everything was yummy!  I really enjoyed the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls.
5 BEST ALL-EGG-WHITE OMELETTE!  They had the best all-egg-white omelette I've ever had. Ordered it for lunch. (Mushroom, spinach, onion, Swiss cheese). Also ordered tomato slices as side with bagel and cream cheese.  Returned to this place for dinner the same day, and ordered the veggie as a meal with 4 veggies, but didn't know it came with a bowl of rice in addition to 4 veggie choices. If I knew, I wouldn't have ordered a starch as a veggie. Mushrooms, chili cornbread (starch), spinach, broccoli and bowl of rice. The Chili cornbread was a bit heavy with butter/oil, but was flavorful.  I then returned AGAIN the following morning to order the same awesome omelette, but it wasn't as good. The second omlette was not as fluffy, not as flavorful (less buttery flavor), there was too much spinach, and not enough mushrooms, but it was still a very good omelette.  This was my favorite place to eat on this trip.
4 Never had a bad meal here. Burgers are good. The location in the Venetian is always open.
5 Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls.... amazing!   I am a huge cafe fan. I love them. This cafe inside the Palazzo is awesome! The staff at the bar is hilarious and friendly. Alex, one of the bartenders knows his stuff. Everything that he has ever suggested for me to eat from the menu has been delicious.   The appetizers are some of my favorites and Nadia (I think) makes a mean Texas Tea.   I have only ever sat at the bar, so I cannot comment on the dining areas, but usually it seems so fast paced and everyone on top of their game.   Try out this cafe if you are in the neighborhood.
3 This restaurant is pretty much like Cheesecake Factory, but not as good.  I believe they are sister companies.   I came here with a group of 6 other girls for brunch after a weekend of bachelorette festivities.  Here's what I shared with my sis who was the soon bride to be:  CREAM OF ASPARAGUS SOUP This soup was quite tasty and definitely creamy! More on the creamy side than the vegetable taste but it's so good! I wish I only ordered this!  SHORT RIB GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH - $13.50 Slow roasted short rib, caramelized and picked onion, arugula and melted cheese, served on country bread. A plate you can share!  This crunchy and unctuous sandwich made also came with horseradish garlic sauce which really complimented it.  It also came with salad which I decided to have the cream of asparagus instead!  It's quite cheesy and greasy and all around good.  Although not the best grilled cheese I ever had, it was the greasy spoon I needed after a long weekend of drinking ;)   PASTA CARBONARA (lunch pasta & salad special) - $12.50 Smoked bacon, peas, a touch of garlic and karma dan cream sauce! We chose the twisted pasta instead of spegetti.  The pasta portion is HUGE! Definitely share-able.  although I had to ask for extra sauce because it didn't seam enough.  Overall this dish was okay :)  As for the salad, I'm glad it didn't taste like regular typical house salad.  It had dressing and a lot of the veggies that were decent.  My overall experience here was ok.  I feel we came here for convenience; it was in our hotel and we knew it had a variety of choices to eat.  Service was unfortunately weird although she was nice, there were a few mistakes and miscommunication  I guess.  Grand Lux is a place more for convenience than being part of the Vegas experience.
4 The mimosas here are generous and the breakfast selection is great. Being on the casino floor means tables closer to the entrance get a waft of nicotine from time to time.
4 Pretty good for a Vegas breakfast joint! Had to wait in line, but not too long. The menu us HUGE! We tried eggs, potato hash, creamy spinach and cheese dip(my favorite), seared rare ahi, avocado and heirloom tomato salad, and grand club sandwich.   The creamy spinach dip was the best and so was the grand club sandwich. Breakfast eggs were great too.   I didn't like the seared rare ahi. It was wasn't very fresh. I guess that's what you get for ordering sushi in Vegas at a breakfast place!  The salad was refreshing just make sure you like the dressing so best to request it on the side!  I liked that there were lots of options for everyone. Breakfast ends at 11!
1 I don't recommend this place to anyone. Me and my friends came here because it was one of the the only restaurants that open for 24 hours. I had crispy caramel chicken. Unfortunately, it was spoor quality. The staff was friendly. However, it wasn't worth it.
