5 This small but caring dental office has been in existence for 26 years! I dont know how I missed it while shopping at safeway all these years. I found the staff friendly and Dr. Nick to be personable and experienced. At first I was not impressed due to the not- so -grand premises but when I saw over 180 letters of appreciation (many faded over the years,) i felt a bit more reassured.  They took a little time to get my insurance information. Once in, Dr. Nick used an injection technique that made my jaw buzz for a few seconds. He then informed me that i was already numbed. I didnt feel it at all. After a few minutes, he said he was checking to see if I was completely numb and put some instruments in my mouth. A few hand movements later, he asked me if I was sure I wanted that tooth out today. I was a bit surprised by that question and said YES. He then smiled and showed me he tooth in a piece of gauze. It was already OUT and I didnt even know it or feel it. If a tooth has to come out.. I know a place now to get it done. Thanks guys!   Chris Redding
5 Amazing bedside manner by Dr. Nick.  The entire staff was very friendly and professional.  This has easily become my new home for dental care.
5 Friendly office that provides affordable dental care. I came here for alternative options to Invisalign to straighten my teeth. They made the process so quick and simple. 10 weeks later my teeth are straight and I didn't spend a fortune. Thanks Northside Family Dental!!
1 I would strongly recommend you do not waste your time visiting this dentist office, what a waste of time. I made an appointment to have wisdom teeth extracted at 4:30 pm and they call me at 9:00 to cancel my appt because they doctor had an "emergency" and has to leave at 3:30. If you have an emergency why are you waiting six hours to leave they office? To make it worse they receptionist was beyond rude and unapologetic. I will never come back to this place. Not to mention I was already nervous about having this done here, the hygienist has to go outside just to have the xray machine turned on. Don't go to this dentist.
5 Dr. Nick is awesome, never felt so comfortable meeting a dentist. I had an extraction and Dr. Nick made the entire process very stress free. The front staff was also very helpful. Everyone here is extremely friendly and caring. I would definitely recommend Northtside Family Dental Care.
5 Very nice staff and Dr C. Gidwani was very skilled and professional.  I have had bad dental experiences in the past with other dentists but Dr Gidwani went out of her way to make sure my root canal and crown were pain free.  She did an outstanding job on a tooth that was very bad.  She is very talented and a very nice person as well.  I would highly recommend this Dentist.
