5 Love the Macaroni here. They have spicy jerk which is good. I love the Peach Cobbler. I take it home and eat it with ice cream.
5 This is some great bbq best prices in town.  You can't beat it!  I had the rib dinner great mac & cheese, but I don't know about jalapeños peppers in my hush puppies. Will visit again.
2 My girlfriend and I tried this place the other night and we were not impressed. I really want to like this place because I want some good BBQ so we might go back and try again. Service was ok, but very slow. We got brisket sandwiches with fries. The brisket wasn't very tender. Will go back to try the ribs and mac n cheese and hopefully find it to be a little better.
5 Waiting to pick up my dinner order, and am super excited as always. My husband loves the brisket dinner, and you can't go wrong with their pulled pork dinner and side of Mac & Cheese. The staff is always very nice, and I love that we can support a small family owned, local business. Great food, awesome prices and stellar service, we're regulars!
2 I really hope to see these guys make it.. I went by one day too early and one of the guys came out to say hello and let me know when they would open that day. We finally made it down there last night to give them a try... kinda weird to walk into a BBQ place and not smell the BBQ! There were a few families in there, everyone was waiting for food. We gave our order to the 12 or 13 year old behind the counter and she placed it to her side and we sat down to watch her spend the next 10 minutes continuing to take orders... (Our slip was still on the counter..) Finally the entire stack of slips was sent to the back, we joked with the table next to us that we were probably on the bottom... After quite a wait the last family that walked in got their order and left... then the couple that came in behind us got their order as we sat and waited... by now we had gotten to know them a little and they were from Kansas City...  In their words the BBQ was ok... he felt that the meat should pull from the bone, which it defiantly did not do. They completed their meal and offered us some untouched ribs while we were STILL waiting for our food! We declined and finally the food comes out. Hubby takes the cornbread and immediately pushes it to the side of the table.. he refused to try it even, "Its cake, not bread!" The ribs were ok... we pretty much thought the same, that it should pull from the bone more. The coleslaw was nothing spectacular and the rice/beans were pretty much left untouched. Not a place that we would go out of our way to go to by any means... :o(
3 Stopped in as we live a few minutes away, and have always wanted to try it.   I ordered the beef brisket, my girl ordered the ribs.   Beef brisket was to die for, I wish I had two orders! Sauce is a little tangy, I like it like that.   Ribs looked very appetizing but my date wasn't impressed. She is used to my ribs, so this place had the deck stacked against it as my ribs are the business.  But I also don't cook for the public and takes all day to perfect.   I tasted the ribs and they had the same sauce the brisket had, but the meat did not slide off the bone like it should. Yum love their sauce though.   Corn bread is very tasty!   I also had a side of Cole slaw, very tasty and it had hunks of mandarins mixed it, nice touch!   I'm sold on the brisket, I'll get that everyday of the week if my ass wouldn't swell.   Ribs need some work.
3 Waited an awfully long time for our food which had great flavor but it was lukewarm. Awesome cornbread though.
4 Fantastic! I got the pulled pork with sides of cole slaw, mac & cheese and cornbread.   The pork was amazing, and the portion was huge! (I gave about 1/3 to my husband and still felt like I had a nice portion.) The sauce was just right - not too sweet, not too strong.   The mac & cheese was excellent and not dry like many restaurants'. I would have liked a bit more, and would have sacrificed a little bit of pork for it (albeit reluctantly - the pork was so good!). The cole slaw was just ok, but as a side for pulled pork it served its purpose and didn't detract from the meal. The cornbread was perfectly moist without being heavy.  I also ordered one piece of catfish as a test. I love catfish, but am VERY picky. This was great, and very clean-tasting with a nice, light breading.  My husband ordered the pepper jack burger and french fries. He liked the fries, and felt the burger was ok. He's definitely planning to order the pulled pork next time. ;)  The staff was all fabulous - really friendly and attentive. The food took a bit long to arrive, but it was definitely worth the wait and I'm ok with it, given the casual feel of the place.  There's only one reason I gave four stars instead of five: they use a lot of styrofoam. I know that's picky, but styrofoam is SO bad for the environment, and it feels a  wasteful to use it for eat-in service. Something as simple as using a more environmentally friendly box, plus a recycling option for disposal, would have made this 5/5 for me!
2 I waited FOR 35 MINUTES tonight just for 2 brisket meals to go. They weren't even hot when I arrived home and I live less than 1 minute away. It was still a fine meal, saved by the amazing cornbread!! But, I have no intention of going back any time soon.
5 Love this place. Awesome pulled pork, catfish, mac n cheese and hushpuppies. They also do greens the first Sat of the month. Its a small place for dine in or take out.
