1 Don't believe Eric there sales man. He tells you what you want to hear but lies to you. I was promised $30 delivery but when they called to make an appointment to reliever they wanted to charge $130.00. After being told they could deliver to the store for pick up and we went to the store for pick up. Come to find put that I have to go to the warehouse for pick up. I was upset because I was lied to 2 times. I went to speak to the manager. He was rude, conceding, and unhelpful. Luckily the owner was at the store and he got my items delivered to the store as promised. Unless you are going to deal with the owner stay away from this place.
1 buyer beware:  the end
1 If there was a way to give a NEGATIVE star like a MINUS TEN - I would do it.  I have waited since March to leave this review - assuming STUPIDLY that customer service would actually perform. We purchased a Bella Vista memory foam bed and a cool gel pillow.  When the items were delivered we were unable to unwrap them as the flooring was still being installed.  But I noted on the delivery sheet I signed to that effect.  Once we opened the "boxes" which our memory foam mattress sits on - there were two small tears in the fabric covering the box.  When I opened the pillow it was water stained on both sides - very visibly. I contacted the store and was referred to customer service where I was requested to send pictures of the damaged items which I did immediately (3/15/2013).  I am still waiting for ANYONE to give enough of a rat's patoot to resolve my issues.  You would think it would be an easy exchange on the pillow.  Not so.  They are waiting for a mfg. credit.  For stains that were likely received while the pillow sat in Mega's warehouse.  I am SCREAMING BLOODY MAD at this point and no one gives a hoot. I'm ready to PICKET in front of this store - but hope that by ranting and raving here I'll save someone else the headaches!!! Were the prices good, you bet, or we wouldn't have purchased there.  Was our salesman great, you bet or we wouldn't have considered another purchase (we did not complete it since we can't get our first purchase issues resolved).  Everyone else SUCKS!!! Oh, and today, I was told that the entire customer service department has been revamped or replaced or reconfigured or whatever the hell else lies I'm being told and was told when I phoned today around 2pm that I would receive a call right back - I phone back at 4:30pm and had to resend the 4 pix proving the damage and was told I would receive a call back before 5pm and it's now 4:52pm (yep, they've still got 8 mins. but I'm tired of waiting!). C'est la vie to Mega Furniture - I'll be in front of their store with a picket sign next!
1 I got a good price at this place.  Could I have received a better price elsewhere?  Possibly.  They matched an internet deal I showed them.  Now the PROBLEM.  I had a faulty recliner.  Their tech came out, though late for the appointment, and said they would order part and have it shipped to my house.  Why?  Now I have to be home to accept it.  I have tried calling their warehouse, where customer service is.  I have tried to call the Mesa Store Manager (who is always too busy to take multiple phone calls).  No one returns phone calls.  I have reached customer service to find out delivery of repair parts (not a new chair, just parts to fix).  They promised a phone call.  The main thing here is, if you EVER need service of some nature from these people, good luck.  They do NOT return phone calls.  I even tried calling another store to get an answer.  They never returned my phone call.   Warehouse phones are not answered very often and after an hour of testing extensions on their system, I finally reached a person, who transferred me to the proper person.    Price is not always everything in buying.  Customer Service is a big part of sales and Mega does NOT give customer service.  They are terrible when it comes to that.
1 I agree with other review that I wish I could leave a negative star  this was the worst customer service experience we have ever had. Took a month to receive the merchandise. While calling to check on our product was lied to when asking for a manager that the name of the manager we found out was the delivery guy. The manager who we found out was the manager when we did pick up our product had no regard for us and made only excuses and in no way tried to help provide satisfaction or apologize   when signing for the product it states it was received in good condition and when we did not want to sign that area the delivery kid argued with us. We will never do business with this company ever again.
1 Mega Furniture Store  Victor Lopez 7012 E. Hampton Ave. Mesa, AZ  85209   FIRST TIME HOUSE BUYERS BEWARE!! The lobby full of upset and angry customers should have been a sign of things to come but I dashed past all the chaos eager to furnish my home. The store manager, Victor approached us. I explained our situation we were closing on our home in 3 days and would come back to make the purchase after closing.  He said time and time again not too worry they will not do a credit check just needed information to hold the furniture to keep the "sales price".  He also went on to say that we could apply for store credit there and use it at his competitors. Since we didn't want a credit check we  put money down to hold it without obligation.  Turns out he ran our credit, no other competitors accept their financing and we couldn't get our money back. I read the agreement I signed and in very small print it states the no re-fund policy.  It also states all sales are final and delivery dates are not guaranteed.  Fortunately I went next store to Mor furniture and furnished my entire house and it was all delivered in 4 days.  Even returned the love seat after they set it up with no questions asked.  Channel 3 news is doing a piece on first time home buyers in the valley.  Cant wait to share my experience with them.
1 Don't waste your time or money.  This company was so overpriced compared to other local stores (such as American Furniture Warehouse a few miles down the street).  I'm not saying similar... I compared EXACT same manufacturers, styles, and options.   One sofa was $500 MORE here!   Outrageous!!!
4 Well we just got our new couches today.  You can see the brown leather loves seat and couch in the pictures. Unlike other reviewers I have had a good experience so I felt the need to review.    We had been watching the add for sometime and knew we were looking for couch/recliners.  Finally after three weeks we decided to check them out. We did see the same couch online but it was for more or the same price.  We even called the other companies to find out more but this couch was on back order.  So we decided to check out Mega Furniture! When we arrived in the store we asked to see the black leather couch that was in sale from the add.  The sales dude took us to a couch that I recognized from an add but wasn't the one we came to see.  My husband likes to make decisions quick but we walked around a bit more and then found this couch we originally came to see. It looked black on the add but was actually dark brown.  Needless to say we got both for $1000 and went ahead and paid $100 for delivery.    Today was delivery day! We had our floors being done and they had to drop them off in the kitchen.  I did have them assemble them before they left.  They did ask if I wanted them to be left in the boxes and I said no.  They put them together and tested the electrics before I signed.  Overall very happy with service and purchase.  Wish their warranty covered animal scratches.  No complaints here.
1 VERY UNHAPPY!  I purchased a dining room table set in 2012 and paid the extra $200 for a 5 year extended warranty that the sales lady said covers EVERYTHING.  Wrong! I called today for a repair and nothing that I called for was covered.  My bench is completely coming apart at all of the seams and one of my chair pads completely came off with the underside cracked in half.  Both of those items are vital to the usage of the set and neither one is covered.  But they say they cover stains, scratches, pet stains, etc - non of those are really necessary to use the table, but the items that are they do not cover.  DO NOT Waste your money on the extended warranty!!  I have a call in to customer service, so we will see what happens.  Overall I feel that they offered a cheap quality product and lied about their extended warranty service.
2 You know that feeling like you're being watched when you think you're alone? As soon as I entered the store, I was immediately approached by a young salesman. I can assure you that I am not intimidated by men in any way but I felt like I had a potential stalker. I put an immediate end to that.  I told him if and when I needed him, I'd let him know. However, I was followed around the store anyway.  I made it clear that I was leaving when I was approached again. I told them I was NOT buying anything and NO I would not be back.  At any rate, I went to Ashley furniture and got a couple thousand dollars worth of stuff, PLUS, the guy that helped me actually did help me.
1 Mega is terrible.  RUN away from these people.  I have other posts, but here we go again.  I bought an Ashley loveseat (part of over $10,000 in furniture purchased).  It broke (actually frame was split from installers?).  After 5 months, it was replaced.  Last week (before 1 year has been up), the metal mechanism from one of the electric recliners actually broke.  It is hanging there and it can't be used.   Mega told me they only replace furniture one (no matter whose fault) and we can get it fixed, if we pay for parts, labor and transportation.  Ashley disagrees with this policy, but now we have to fight legally to get them to repair, since Ashley doesn't do their own service.
