5 We just had our home serviced by Insectek...can't tell you how impressed I was with them! For starters, I got a nice phone call from their office lady the day before detailing our appointment, which was very helpful. Our service tech, Lucio, took his time to listen and was very thorough, informative, and friendly. We have lived in Phoenix for over 5 years now and have had many a pest problem since then (scorpions, mice, cockroaches, ants). I can truthfully say this is the best service we've ever had. Thanks guys for taking the time to provide quality and professional service at an affordable price.
5 We stared using Insectek last year and we are still bug free.  Very good service at a great price.
5 We started using Insectek pest control recently and have been very impressed. In the past, we used two other valley pest control companies and have found Insectek to be a huge improvement. All contact with Insectek (sales, service, etc) has been exceptional and the technician that visited our house was courteous and knowledgeable. Since that first visit, the bugs have disappeared!!!! We will certainly continue to use them for our home pest control and would highly recommend their services.
5 We have had pest control for 4 years at our home in Cave Creek.  This is the first exterminator that has actually exterminated scorpions at our home with organic solutions.  They treated the perimeter of our entire yard and the only scorpions that I have seen since have been dead or running in the opposite direction.  Great job. Professional service.  Would highly recommend.
5 I'm really happy I chose this service for bug spraying at my house. We've been under invasion by pill bugs, and we had a couple giant roaches (or so I thought). Lucio arrived promptly at my house at the scheduled appointment time. He was super friendly and professional, and basically the total opposite of what I would get from a "bug guy." He was really great at explaining the spraying process, was ready to answer every one of the dozens of questions I asked him about the treatment process, and was just an overall nice, down to Earth dude. (He also assured me that what I had at my house were NOT roaches, and were instead just beetles. Pretty cool, but still pretty gross.)  Lucio was very thorough and spent probably 45 minutes just spraying the inside/outside of the home. We saw a few bugs try to make a run for it in the spraying process, so I know that whatever they're using is pretty good stuff. After about 12 hours of spraying, I haven't seen a single (live) bug inside the house, which is pretty awesome.  For now I'm giving Insectek a 5/5 because I'm really impressed with the way they handle business. I'm happy I went with a local Phoenix area business that understands great customer service and hiring really great folks. I'll update the rating as I get a better Idea of how things work out down the road.  Thanks again!
5 This was the first company I used for pest control and will continue to use. I decided to go with Insectek pest based on the reviews here and their price. I used one of the promo coupons they had and it was still cheaper than going with orkin or terminix.   The person who came and sprayed did a great job. Very professional and explained certain areas where bugs like to go and even suggested preventative measures to help keep bugs from coming inside the house. I thought that was really cool.     I called several times to get info and arrange to have someone come out and each time (at least 4) the lady on the phone was always helpful and explained the different packages and what services are recommended. I used to see ants, crickets and spiders previously but haven't seen any in a few weeks since they sprayed our house. I definitely will be using them again for sure! Thanks for a great job and wonderful customer service!
5 I love how conscious Insectek is over the ingredients they use in their products. Great people and great service!
5 Professional and Friendly We moved to a new place in downtown Phoenix where roaches are plenty! SO GROSS. We called Insectek and they were able to come out that day!  Lucio was professional and friendly.  He spent time looking into where they could be coming in and talking about how to fix those problem areas first.  He then spent over an hour spraying the house and cleaning the eves and windows for spider webs.  He saw we had young kids and was confirmed the products were safe and how long to keep the kids away from certain areas. They did a followup call to make sure we were happy with the service and if we needed anything else. They just called to confirm our next appt and again see if we needed anything.   A+ Company
5 Great service. Did what they said they would do and on time. Thanks!
5 We signed up as new customers having just moved to the area.  I chose Insectek simply because I knew I wanted regular service set up BEFORE we got a pest problem.  On Yelp they had the most amount of reviews, the highest number of stars, plus a Yelp deal that gave us some $ off our first visit.    Now that it's been a couple months, I can absolutely say that I'm so grateful to have stumbled across them.  We've had nothing but positive interactions with everyone..from the initial person who has answered the phone to answer my questions, to the woman who calls us to confirm our appointment times to the person who actually comes to the house to service.  They are all SO professional and friendly and have met all of our expectations.  We're very happy customers with this company.  :)
5 Showed up on time and the bugs disappeared.
5 So happy I chose Insectek. Lucio is very helpful and professional. He came out took his time and explained the process of ridding my place of bed bugs.   I like that they do follow ups to insure their work. I would definitely recommend Insectek.   Thanks
5 We purchased a new home this year which had been vacant for a few months.    Obviously, a few uninvited guests made it inside.  We saw spiders, silverfish, ticks, etc.  We called Insectek and they took care of it.  Lucio is our guy.  He comes every other month and takes care of business.   Also...  We have 2 dogs which we prefer to have gone while they spray our home with poison.  So their scheduler was able to schedule our appointments at the same time of our dogs' grooming appointments.  Which helps out a ton!
1 I'm not one to slam a service, especially if I haven't used it, unfortunately here's my experience. I called Insectek becuase of everyones' 5 star comments on Yelp. I was calling for a quote. I told the owner that I had brown dog ticks in the backyard and some in the house on the dog beds. He asked for my address (Arcadia) and the size of my home and lot. I told him 2400 sq. feet, and the lot I wasnt sure of but that it was around 3,500 sq. feet. He quoted me $700 for the size of my property for outside and inside treatment (visiting a total of 3 times in a 30 day period so every 7-10 days or so), then the bi-monthly service would be $68 every 2 months. It sounded expensive. He told me that it might even be more than that depending on how hard it would be to get to the ticks and the size of the property and conditions... I thought to myself hummm... that ounds odd. He said that they charge a normal price for how long they stay to do the work and treat tthat they would do my carpets as well. Not the entire carpets but the very edge up to the baseboards on all areas of each room as well as the corners and any crevices that may be on top of the baseboards they would spray in. It sounded very thourough. He offered to have Lucio come out to give me a firm quote 2 days before my appointment bc i ne. If you click on their website from the yelp add on the right hand side you will see that you get 50% off your initial treament... I asked the owner about that while I was on the phone and he said that has nothing to do with treating ticks and that its entirely different and a different process... so there went that discount. However, it doesn't say that on the website. Oh well, I set the actual extermination appointment for this Friday at 10:30 am, I arranged my father in law to watch the house while I take the kids out to the park and lunch waiting for the chemicals to dry. I told him that It was still good for me to know the firm quote though so we arranged for Lucio to be at my house at 12:30pm today (Wednesday). Mind you, I have called 3 other companies since my convo. with the owner of Insetek. They have all quoted anywhere from $200 to $300 for the extermination and $45 to $50/month after for upkeep. I was starting to get the vibe maybe I was over quoted but I didn't call to cancel my "firm quote" appointment with Lucio just yet. I wanted to see what Lucio had to say about why it was so much money upfront for coming 3 times the first month and higher on the monthly side, with no guaruntee if it didn't work... also maybe there was some magic potion they used on brown dog ticks that I had never heard of, so I wanted to give them a chance based on the reviews. He arrived, yes he's very nice, and friendly and calls you mam and shakes your hand is well dressed and wears booties... but the second I asked him about what chemicals he was going to be using it threw him for a loop. He was off his game. I told him that I just wanted to know the names of them and the gallons he was going to use on the size of my property and about how long it would take. He stumbled on his words, told me that the office could email me that kind of thing and that he would just walk the property and see. I also told him before he walked the property that I had gotten 3 quotes since my phone call with him and that they were sooo much less and I was just curious why. He asked me how much and I told him.. He hopped on the phone and called the owner while he was outside. He came back inside and said that he would charge $500 if I did the bi-monthly service for $68 a month and wanted to set an appointment. I told him that I already had an appointment for 10:30 am on Friday and that I would see him then after he could somehow get a list of chemicals that were to be used on my exact property and size.... He said, well I filled that spot since you needed a firm quote first so we need to reschedule and we need to do it tomorrow. He said he would provide a list of chemicals. I was not feeling too great about things becuase they just lowered the price randomly... at that point I had a feeling this wasnt the right place to do business. My gut was telling me that I should cancel by the end of business today and go with another company. What made things so obvious that this is a shady company is that Lucio stayed in his car in my front driveway for 10 min. talking on the phone, I was on my phone as well calling the other companies to see if they could give me an idea of what the exact names of the chemicals they use are called to see what they are called. Just then Lucio walked up to my door and rang the doorbell. I opened it up and he said, "The names of the chemicals are Temprid, Suspend, Bifred granuals.... but we don't usually do this. Will you be keeping the appointment or no?" Cancelled. Nice guy, bad business play. Expect the unexpected. Never expect a sale.
5 We are very satisfied with our servace. They came promptly and on time. The technician was thorough and gave lots of tips to prevent any further trouble. It seems our problem has subsided. Thank you!
5 I moved from a relatively low-bug state to a house close to the Mountain Preserve.  Scared of scorpions, I called Insectek to come before we even moved in. I am so glad I did!  Lucio was great.  He sprayed very thoroughly inside and out.  Their bimonthly plan works exactly as advertised, and when I needed an extra visit (because I foolishly asked Lucio not to spray inside the time before) they had him out there that afternoon!  Now Gary is working in my area, and so far he has been great as well.
5 I called this place because I had a bee infestation at my house. A guy came over immediately, took care of the bees, and they haven't come back. Fast, friendly service.
5 I was 100% satisfied with my service from the team at Insectek.Both Lucio and Zack are very knowledgable and detailed.They answered all of my questions I had about bugs and they were on time to the job and very thorough!
5 We called Insectek because we were unhappy with our original assessment from another company. Garrett came out that day and did a THOROUGH inspection of our house. He turned our house upside down (in a good way), even looking in our attic, to make sure we were bug free. After receiving a "clean bill of health" he did not try to sell us on any products or services, and instead offered advice and recommendations. Great service!!!
5 Very professional company with quality customer service.  Zach was very thorough and informed me of certain problem areas and provided good tips.  No pushy sales tactics, just good service.  Definitely plan to use them next time!
5 I've had two treatments so far. The service is great. Always on time, they call a few days before to remind about the treatment. Professional, friendly, detailed. Haven't seen any roaches since they started spraying.   The last service I used (not going to mention the companies name) was so annoying. The tech would stand around and talk for an hour. I always dreaded the service.
5 I called on Insectek based on other Yelp reviews and I am very happy so far.  Zack came out to my home and was patient enough to listen to my concerns and understand what was unique about my place, i.e. pets, children, type of bugs that I was seeing, etc.  He explained in great detail about the process and what products he was using.  The worst part was trying to clean up all the dead bugs later that same evening!  I saw immediate results as well as the understanding that it takes time for complete plan.  I like the fact that they explain in detail their services as well as their products.  I also like that they setup exact time appointments (not a 2 or 4 hour block).  Great service.
5 I chose Insectek after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, and seeing the Yelp offer they were advertising. My wife had been seeing an increase in bugs in the house so I gave them a call. I was calling them at 4pm on Thursday, and they had an opening at 3pm on Friday!.  Zach called at 2pm to say he would be here at 3, and was here exactly then. He was very friendly and inspected my house thoroughly. He showed me that what we had was actually "sewer" roaches, instead of the more common German roaches, and then explained that his treatment would kill them just the same, the prevention strategies were a little different.   He seemed very knowledgeable,  spent a ton of time with us and made me glad I chose this company!
5 We found a roach in our bathroom and decided to call an exterminator. We read great reviews about Insectek. We called them around 3pm and had someone out before 5pm that same day! The exterminator Zack was punctual, friendly and very knowledgeable. We are new to Arizona and he shared some great information with us about bugs, scorpions etc...We will definitely be calling him back in the future and recommend him to anyone with pest problems. Great service all around!
4 A little expensive, but the technicians are super friendly and courteous. Also very timely.   Would recommend.
5 I had a fly infestation in our house. After days of trying on my own, I called to get advice. I had overnight guests coming that day and they were willing to come that afternoon (within 2 hours of my call) to treat the house and find the source. The tech guy was thorough but didn't find the source. I was a bit discouraged and skeptical when he left. But within 12 hours, they were basically gone. Problem solved! I appreciate their quick response time, professional service via phone and in person. They only sprayed outside my house as I have young children and didn't want the chemicals where they play. But it seemed to do the job with just outside spray. Also I used the yelp deal to save a bit. I will call them again!
5 I called quite a few different places for quotes before deciding on Insectek.  They were the most thorough in explaining their process & the man I spoke with was really friendly & they were able to get me in the next day.   I had an appointment for 7:30am & the tech showed up right on time.  He was very friendly & went over things they found (ant hills etc) along with explaining the process of how their solution works. Each time the workers have been so respectful of my home & very knowledgeable in what they are doing. I feel at ease knowing they will come back in between sprayings if I find any more bugs for free!
5 I am a new customer since May 2014.  I came to Yelp in search of a great pest control company that was not going to scam me and I am so relieved and excited to say that all these Yelp reviews are dead on. INSECTEK IS WONDERFUL.  We have had chronic scorpion issue at our home for years and finally, finally we found a company that not just cares but seriously understands pests and their ways.  highly, highly recommend these folks.
4 If you use this company I would suggest Zak as your technician, he is great and does a thourough job and extremely knowledgable.  The company is spot on with punctuality, following up on appointment reminders, customer service and  accomodating.  We have had 1 issue since we started with Insectek and they remedied that immediately at no charge, we have no bug issues since they have been our provider.
