5 I have to say, I am a bit reluctant to leave my review.  Nielsen Law Group is so extraordinary, that if everyone new about them, I am certain they would not be able to service me the amazing way they do.  If you are considering them, know that I have referred several of my close clients/friends to them and they have been just as taken care of as I have been.  Enjoy the extraordinary service, directness, integrity and expertise that I have.
5 Nielsen Law Group was referred to me when I needed assistance with tax filing and accounting.   Being a business owner, my taxes were not as simple as filing a personal return.  I was thoroughly impressed with the time that Evan Nielsen spent with me one on one, discussing how I ran my business, what the tax code considered to be business versus personal deductions, and what the projections were for my taxes.  He went through all standard business deductions with me, so that when I left I felt fully prepared.  When I received the group's engagement letter, it had easy to understand worksheets which helped me to add expenses and deductions, and once the power of attorney forms were signed - the group handled all filing, correspondence, and any consequent phone calls to the IRS on my behalf.  It made the stress of taxes and late filings completely melt away.    The paralegals, as well as the attorneys in the group, kept me informed of any changes, updates, and the status of any filings.  I received all correspondence from the IRS, but the group handled everything.  I have used the group for more than two tax years, and I am so exceedingly pleased with their extensive experience, and personal individualized approach.  I truly felt important, and any emails I sent with questions were answered immediately.    The group not only handles taxes and IRS issues, but also Corporate structures, debt settlements, short sales, and foreclosure prevention.  They are worth every dollar you spend, and it is money well invested .  I highly highly recommend them!
5 I had the opportunity to have a consultation with Mr. Nielsen and in that (free) 45 minute session I learned so much that he earned my business on the spot.  Since then his staff has been extremely attentive and ready, willing , and able to help.  I appreciate the level of customer service and follow up the Nielsen Law Group provides.
