1 If you are into waiting two hours for a limited menu of mediocre Russian food that is non--vegetarian and non--Kosher friendly, this is your place. Add to that no liquor license and lousy service, and you have the ingredients to a perfect ruined evening.
5 Outstanding and authentic Easter European food!  My wife is Russian and this reminds her of her mother's cooking!  Great meat and potatoes in the Russian tradition, with dozens of salads to boot!
2 Americanized Russian food with no alcohol, atmosphere is bland, and service was only okay
3 When you going to autenting restaurant you need to now how to order food right way but also need to now how final dish should test,  issue I have it is consistence unfortunately after several visits same dish was great one time and poorly prepare  another  and it is largest issue for restaurant, otherwise very dissent  Russian and central Asian cuisine
5 Very nice restaurant.Good food and good service. The kebab was wonderful.Thank you guys.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 We stopped in to pick up some lunch.  There were alot of Russian food items in addition to the traditional "american food" as it was described by the waitress.  I tried a gyro and my wife had a philly cheese steak.      Everythng was prepared well.  Next time we will have some of the Russian dumplings and borch.  There is an open stage for music.  We will have to return on Saturday night when they have live  music.
5 Super great people and food !! Love the Lagman and Pelmeni!! I had my daughter with me and they were great with her!
5 Evertime we've come here its been slow in the restaurant, but not with service... They've always treated us quickly and friendly. They actually made us feel like one of their family Evertime we've been here. Awesome food for the price point. We usually have the chicken and or beef gyros... Very good, fresh & hot. A lot of flavor as well...   Very clean and kept up restaurant. The bathrooms are neat, clean & orderly. I just can't get over the fact that this place isn't packed all the time? We absolutely love this lil hidden gem...  Try it, u won't be disappointed!
4 I'm giving a 5 for service.  I actually stopped by the outside after going to the Dollar Tree to check out their menu.  A very nice woman came out and talked to me about the food and place, saying it's good and healthy.  I told her we lived in the SE valley in Gilbert and that it was far.  I was only here with my husband for his interview and I would ask him if he wanted to come here for lunch when I go pick him up. She told me they have lunch specials until 3 pm.  I convinced my husband to come after his interview to eat here, as I love this type of food and they also had Russian food.  When we got there, there was only one table of people, then us.  A little after we got there, there was another couple that came.  So the restaurant wasn't busy and if there was a lunch rush, it was over because it was probably 2:30 pm.  My husband ordered a Beef Gyro pita and I ordered a Beef Shwarma.    This is where it was a bit strange.  It took awhile to get the food and it did not come in a manner we expected.  Oh, we ordered off the lunch menu, so for $7.99, you got a can of soda (we chose Pepsi), lentil soup, and either a salad or fries.  So, not a bad deal and reasonably priced.  I did want to try some Russian food, but that would have been too much food to eat for just the two of us.  So my husband's Beef Gyro Pita comes out first.  Odd that the soup & salad didn't come out.  We waited and after awhile, she brought my salad.  The pita came in a basket, but it was definitely too big to eat by hand and we asked for a large dinner plate to put the pita on and my husband ate with a fork & knife.  The tzatziki sauce for the gyro was a lot and very heavy, creamy, not something I am used to.  Could have had less sauce and a little more meat.  The meat did taste good, though.  So I ate the salad while my husband started to eat his gyro.  Then the lentil soup came out and my husband liked that because it reminded him of Colombia.  He liked that soup better than the Chinese soups.  Okay.  But, the soup wasn't really hot, which would have been nice rather than somewhat cooled.  My husband and I pushed aside our food to have the soup, then continued with the salad and gyro afterwards.  Then we waited for awhile and by this time, I'm sure it was more than a half an hour that we placed the order that my Beef Schwarma came out.  It wasn't a lot of meat, more vegetables, like my husband's gyro.  There was a lot of garlic sauce on it, which was fine.  The pita that I had seemed like it was hard and not soft like my husband's.    I tried to eat it like a pita sandwich, but the pita literally broke.  It didn't tear ,but broke.  This means they either heated it up too much and left it to sit and get hard or they didn't heat it at all.  The meat was very tough, like they used the toughest cut of meat, like the chuck part.  I had to chew so much and there were a couple pieces that were just not palatable.  I don't know if the lunch rush got all the good beef, but I was kind of not real happy that the pita broke, the sauce ran all over my hands and I used a lot of napkins to clean my hands, and that the meat was incredibly tough.    The fries came when I was part way through my schwarma.  The fries were good and the touch of dill made them flavorful.  These looked homemade and were delish.  So, service I give a 5 star, but the food, I give a 3 star.   If we're in the area, we might give it another try.  I love going to family owned businesses when I can and maybe the cook was on break or who knows what happened.
5 I got home ready to make dinner but my husband was hungry and suggested we try this nearby locally owned spot.  I was game since I worked all day!  We are greeted and told we could sit wherever we are comfortable. The ambiance has an A for effort with nice heavy padded chairs and drapes trying to camouflage the strip mall door.   We started with the medium (perfect for 2) spicy hummous for $3.99.  It comes out with a warm lightly lightly toasted "pita" cut into wedges and a saucer of hummus with oil and cucumbers.  The spicy is a subtle slow approach and really delicious.  I really was craving wine at this point.  We ordered a Greek salad and a dinner salad cane with our chicken tawook entree.  The salads were light and simple with red onion tomato lettuce and cucumbers.  The fresh dill was nice and you can tell the chef takes pride but the uniform thinly sliced veggies.  I could eat this salad endlessly.  The Greek salad had several pepperccinni and a dusting of feta.  The chicken was delicious with a nice flavorful and not necessarily spicy seasoning.  The garlic sauce was a nice compliment as well as the dill rice.  We finished with baklava which she brought out several beautiful options so we could choose.  Most were $1.49 and the large wheels for $1.98.  We tried two yummy balanced nutty bites that were crisp and not too sweet.  Five stars for the flavors and homemade appeal.  Our service was professional and authentic.  Will be back soon!!
3 Well... It was dead. The waitress and the chef were sitting in the dark dining area and just talking to each other when we walked in. It was my husbands idea that we should try "my kind" of food, since I'm from the Balkans and we have some similarities with the Russians (Russian/Ukranians own the place). So we got in and the waitress welcomed us and turned on the TV, lots of Turkish music for some reason... Oh and those lights that you find in a club, it was really awful for that peaceful atmosphere.  The waitress was really nice and polite, we didn't needed any explanation with the menu since it was nicely explained and plus I understand most of the language. I ordered the Potato Variniki (basically boiled ravioli with potato stuffing) and they were half empty, guessed they leaked out. But the ones we did get, they were pretty bland but nothing s&p won't fix. Also my side salad for the entree got first to our table, before the app. Our fries (which were also sides to our entrees) also arrived before the main dish. I had the Shish Kabob, chopped pieces of lamb on a giant skewer, which was ridiculouslly huge and looked dangerous, It tasted pretty okay, I got 10 pieces total and it was $15.99... The husband had a lamb sandwich, which was loaded with the same lamb meat, tomatoes, lettuce and lots of tzatziki and it was only $4.99... So I guess I screwed up there :D oh and they too...  Iced tea with no ice... Which meant freshly brewed and not cooled and then poured over the ice.   They do have delivery in the near area, so I guess we'll order next time. ;)
