5 Having moved from Milwaukee, I was very sad to leave Alterra behind. I couldn't find a coffee shop that was anywhere near comparable to my favorite Milwaukee spot. I was super excited to find out that they were opening a spot in Madison - and only half a block from my office!  The location is perfect, tons of seating of various kinds.  The food (breakfast burritos, pastries, and the wisconsin grilled cheese being my favorite) is just as I remembered. The drinks - especially the smoothies (which you can get without yogurt to be made vegan), coffee drinks, and italian sodas are always a good choice.  The wifi is free, but spotty.
4 Note to self: It's totally unfair to judge these guys by the mediocre coffee they serve in the airport. What was I thinking?!  As soon as I saw a new coffee place opened up on the square, I had to try it...especially when I heard they had pourovers.  So, I ordered a coffee from their "brew bar"--a Brazil roast which I can only assume is a blend. There's nothing about it being single-origin, which I was fine with. The price for a large? $3.69. That's more than a dollar more than Bradbury's, which is my Madison standard.  Edit: Spoke with the barista--Single Origin! Bonus points.  Coffee was good. No, coffee was very good. As good as Bradbury's? No way, but the service is insanely friendly and I don't have to work for the barista's approval. I got a nod of appreciation when I mentioned the Hario range servers...woohoo, pretentiousness!  Space is gorgeous, service friendly, and they've got good coffee. Price-wise? It's outrageous, hence the star deduction. So, will it replace Bradbury's? Nah, but I'll definitely come back. Two thumbs up.
4 Let's get real...  The fact that these guys made it through an INSANE Saturday Farmer's Market and lived to see another day is HUGE in my book. The place was packed... PACKED and with relative ease they got through the entire line. They were slammed... SLAMMED! (Why must I repeat everything in caps? So you know how hard these guys are working to make your time at Alterra memorable!)   Let's be honest though, there is no shortage of java on The Square, but It's awesome to have such a well know Wisco entity really excel at drink AND atmosphere AND interior AND staff (I could go on...)! A lot of other java joints can't claim that, and for that reason I will certainly be back.   The space is enormous and I love the different seating areas. Study sesh? They got you covered. Community collective? There's a table just for you! When the patio doors open this summer sitting up front will be a blast.  I hope they can give "the buck" a run for it's money. Don't get me wrong, Starbucks is how I started drinking coffee, I'm no hater.... but Myspace is how I started using Facebook and well, sometimes you need to let go of things in favor of better things. Like some awesome iced coffee, a rad selection of tea and food stuffs that taunt you from behind the glass case. I haven't had some nosh yet but I plan to and I'll let you know what I think.   In the meantime, can we talk about the Terrace looking chairs out front?   Did you bring those down from MKE Alterra?   A slight nod to Badger Nation?   Whatever the case, I like.   And hundreds more will on weekends when it's nice enough to sit outside!
5 I'd been to Alterra several times in Milwaukee and was pumped to hear we were finally getting one in Madison. We went the opening weekend and LOVED it. Highlights... the chorizo burrito. Just do it. The sauce on the side has some delicious spicy kick to it. We ordered a pretzel and it came with real stone ground mustard. Unreal! The mocha I ordered was smooth and delicious. I plan to eat here on Saturdays followed by a trip around the farmers' market... a perfect Saturday morning!! Seriously, everything I've eaten here (and I've been back several times already) has been delicious.
4 I like a good cup of coffee and a good espresso, both of which can be found at Alterra. They have a multitude of different roasts and their menu is easy to navigate. I found myself at this Alterra at 9:45 AM on a Friday morning. Common sense would tell me that most people should be at work around this time during the work week. I guess I was wrong? This place was PACKED to the gills with people. I had to wait quite a while for my coffee. Not the biggest fan of that. I get that Alterra is bright and shiny and new, but for 9:45 on a Friday morning, one should not have to wait 15 min for their coffee. Nu-uh. No.   I didn't eat anything here today, but the bakery case was calling my name. It took great reserve not to order a scone or a cookie or a cinnamon roll. I've had their food at their Alterra at the Lake location in Milwaukee, so I assume it would be similar. Next time I go I will eat.   The decor at this place sort of puzzled me; you enter and go through a seating area, then you stumble upon the area you place your order and pick up subsequent order, and then there is a third room even further back. I didn't like the lay out.   Overall, good coffee. Welcoming vibe. Friendly staff. Cut the line and I will never have a need to go to the Starbucks down on the square ever again.
4 Alterra was where I first discovered "craft" coffee. They hold a dear place in my heart. For they made me want to work with it everyday.  The place has the same atmosphere as all the one in MKE. Same food and bakery. I never leave without get a couple of Cranberry Pumpkin Muffin. They have a comforting feeling with the spice and tartness from the cranberries.  Was excited when they started upping their game with the Brew Bar in MKE. Glad to se it here. Love the feeling that the coffee took time and got loving care just for me.  Awesome seating indoor and out. friendly staff. They got plastic cards to track coffee and beans for rewards. They no longer except there paper ones. They only thing that weirded me out was that there are no sinks in the one toilet restroom to wash your hands. Rather outside the door in the middle of the too. Felt like I was at the fair grounds or a festival. But that me.I know it applies to the health code. Never seen it before like that in a building setting.  Bit of Knowledge/Pet Peeve : never call a guy working in a coffee shop Baristo. Male or female we are called Barista.
5 I've been here twice in a little over a week. I have had two of the best pour-over coffees I have ever tasted, hands-down! I only order black coffee, and they were amazing. Further their staff is super friendly. Bravo Alterra! Welcome to Madison!
5 Heeey Yelp, have you guys heard about this new place yet? It's supposedly pretty good!  I'll break it down for y'all though.   Reasons why this place rocks: 1) They have outdoor seating so I can enjoy the nice weather while enjoying my ice cold cup of coffee.  2) They're right by the Capitol, so connecting to a wireless network is as easy as 1-2-3. I am actually doing work on my computer as I speak. And by work, I mean procrastinating in any way I can, in this case, writing this review. 3) They have more than just coffee!! They have an extensive list of smoothies, made however you want, with the freshest ingredients blended then and there. Oh and for those of you into a little midday drinking, they also have beer on tap. Can I get a WUUUT WUUUUT??!! 4) They have a clean, inviting decor with a wonderful staff that will make even the pickiest customers happy. 5) Best. people. watching. spot. in. town. for. sure. During my two visits here, I've seen a wedding photo take place, a prom picture take place, and a drunk person puking. How awesome is that?!  Reasons why this place doesn't rock: ....... I'll get back to you.
4 First...I love Alterra coffee and have for years...so I've anxiously been awaiting the opening of their café.  And it lived up to every single one of my expectations!  Not only are the drinks phenomenal (seriously the BEST latte I've ever had), their staff has been equally awesome.  Hip, cool, friendly, laid-back ...just what you want when dropping some cash on coffee!    The café design itself is also a success...urban gritty feel without being too grungy...love the mix of materials and textures, but the icing on the cake is the operable windows/doors that open the café up on farmers market Saturdays....strictly awesome!  A very welcome addition to the capital square!
5 Well, I'm back, and I have to say--I'm bumping them up to 5 stars. I still think Bradbury's is better, but these guys are fantastic and the outdoor seating makes it pleasant to sit and do a little bit of work.  With the exception of the girl at the table next to me, whose laugh sounds like Elmer Fudd in a blender, I'm pretty sure I'll be coming back quite often (assuming she's not there).  Beautiful views, great coffee (I'm drinking their single-origin Columbian right now), and insanely friendly staff.
4 I'm a regular. Great espresso and lattes. Great bakery. Pretty good smoothies (nothing to write home about but definitely worth trying). Great breakfast wraps (get the salsa!) and lunch sandwiches. Not a fan of their brewed or pour-over coffee.  Baristas are all super friendly. Nice indoor patio (with removable windows) and outdoor seating.  Slow/spotty wifi but lots of plugs.
3 I visited for the first time after reading all the gushing reviews about this new trendy hip spot right off the square. I knew about Alterra from a good friend in Milwaukee who always said it was the best coffee she has ever had. I needed to know what the fuss was all about. It was during the farmers market that I made my way over, and as expected, the lines were long, service went slow, and it seemed a bit disorganized and uncomfortable not knowing where the line started and ended, and more than one person left due to the large amount of people crowding the entrance.  The location can't be beat, and the outdoor patio space is large. The indoor patio is excellent, with the windows open and a nice breeze flowing through, its very unique indeed. The coffee was good, the breakfast burrito decent, the service not so much. All in all, I'd say its a great spot to grab a drink after work or during lunch. I wouldn't make it my go to spot for breakfast, but it picked a great time to open with the nice weather upon us. A great spot to chill and linger with a drink and book in hand...but if you're wanting a breakfast spot that won't disappoint, there are better options.
5 Dios mio, stop reading me review and just go now.  I went for a tasty coffee concoction, which I got, but what I wasn't expecting was how good the food was. I got the breakfast pesto burrito, and it did not disappoint.  What else was cool? The open air section of the dining room.  Does it get better? YES, outdoor tables!  I can't wait to go back and try more coffee and more food. I will actively be seeking alternative routes so that I can breeze through this place.  Other than the staples (food & drink), everything else checked out well: friendly staff, good wi-fi, very clean.  Nice job, Alterra!
4 I've been eagerly anticipating Alterra opening a location in Madison, given that they're said to be in the top ten coffeehouses in the country (by GQ and Forbes Traveler Magazine), but are still a Wisconsin company. I stopped in yesterday for a few hours, and was quite impressed with their new operation!  First, the place was crowded (especially for mid-afternoon on an overcast summer Wednesday). My companion and I were barely able to find a table, and it was in the open-air part of their dining room, not terribly close to an outlet. There are three different seating areas: an interior dining area, which was completely packed, the open-air indoor dining area (they open huge windows in this area, so one can get a lot of fresh air while being sheltered from the elements), and a large outdoor terrace seating area that looks out onto the Capitol Square. The tables do have nice signs (made of recycled cardboard) reminding customers to be courteous about dining spaces when the coffeehouse is more crowded, which I appreciated. There are plenty of chairs, which made it easier to accommodate groups of different sizes. The interior dining area, while bustling, is still beautiful, with a lot of recycled wood. There are several tables (including a large one with a "community table" vibe), and a bar along one side with lots of outlets and windows that let in a lot of natural light. There are high ceilings, which are beautiful, though there is little in the way of sound-dampening decor, so it can get noisy at times. The open-air indoor area is a bit quieter, though that could be because it seats maybe a third of the fully-indoor capacity. Their website notes that they use recycled building materials and participate 100% in WE Energies' "Energy for Tomorrow" program, which I really appreciate. They have plenty of recycling bins, which is great, and they even have pockets built into their busing bins for extra coffee, which is a smart idea. Since turnover at the tables is so fast, some of them aren't wiped down before you sit at them, although I'm sure if you alert a server, they'll clean it off for you. I just used a damp rag near one of the busing bins to wipe down my table; I appreciated the DIY option, since I'm a stereotypical self-sufficient Upper Midwesterner who hates asking people to do things for me. The servers are also great at whisking away empty used dishes so that you have more room at your table.  Second, the menu. It's huge! There are a lot of options, especially when you factor in the to-go cold case full of salads, wraps, and sides. I ordered a sport tea, an iced tea with caffeine and fruity citrus flavors. It was significantly better than the sport tea at Barriques. My companion ordered the sausage breakfast burrito and an iced mocha. Iced espresso drinks are a great way to judge a coffeehouse, since icing espresso has the potential to ruin the delicious crema and make it taste terribly bitter. The iced mocha was creamy and rich, without being overwhelmingly sweet or artificial-tasting. I highly recommend it, and I'm not even much of a mocha person. The sausage breakfast burrito was great, too. The meat was moist and flavorful, the eggs weren't overcooked, there wasn't a giant tortilla surplus at the ends (a pet peeve of mine), and it held together very well so that there was little mess. It came with a lovely smoky salsa, though it was a bit mild for my spice-loving palate. It also came with a side of perfectly-ripe orange slices, an excellent palate cleanser (though look out for seeds, they're still present). I will absolutely be returning this summer, although I shudder to think about how crowded they'll be once UW's fall semester starts.
3 The pineapple in the smoothie was too strong and the brownie looked way better than it tasted.
3 If I was going just for coffee and ambiance - four stars! Comfy leather chairs, great windows that open to the streets, and perfect people watching on Farmers' Market Saturdays. They even have their own custom beers, which I LOVE!   Sadly, I ate there on a busy, rainy Saturday morning and was not impressed by the food. I had the Chorizo breakfast wrap, which was smaller than I was expecting though nicely spicy. My fiance had an everything bagel, which had an overpowering rye taste and was hard on one side. It's what I expect frozen bagels to taste like.  I'd recommend going for a caffeine fix (or beer) and reading. If you're hungry, there are so many better options around the capitol square.
3 Yes, I love the outdoor seating and the location can't be beat.  Solid food and coffee offerings.  Why just the 3*?  The wait times can be ridiculous at times and this is not just the function of alot of people wanting to try it out. Absolutely no reason why I need to wait 5 minutes at the "brew bar" for an iced coffee.  Glass of ice+pitcher of cold brewed coffee=iced coffee.  The same can be said about some espresso drinks as well that I have ordered.  Yes, it is popular as a shiny penny now but they need to get their act together.
3 Best coffee ever, but probably one of the worst 7 layer bars I've had.  Great atmosphere though!
4 A third update, and I'll keep it brief:  5 stars for service. 5 stars for typical coffee quality. The Sumatra, though? 1 star. Overroasted, disgusting garbage. So unbecoming of Alterra. Back to Bradbury's.
2 You know, when this place first opened (and I was there like, a half hour after they flung the doors open on their first day...) I was a total Alterra evangelist. The coffee was good, the internet free and blazing fast, the staff friendly and upbeat; in short, much of what you'd like in a cafe that charges more than the average for their food and caffeine.   But then the sheen started to wear off, and quick! I don't want to sandwich this review with the things I like, somethings needing improvement, and then ending with a pretty little bow saying something like, "but I still love this place!" Read down, and you'll find plenty of that.   1) Their hours. What? Why, in a city like Madison, and in such a central location, does Alterra close at 9:00? Why is it so much to ask for a cafe to stay open until like, 11:00? I know Barriques closes at 11 on Thursdays-Saturdays, but for some of us, we're just hitting our stride at 7:45PM, leaving us with less than 2 hours of good stride time. C'mon folks, let's keep some big-kid hours.   2) The music is really really terrible. I mean, atrociously terrible. It's like your high school's collective mix CD's were dumped into a CD player and thrown on shuffle, and even features the irregular volume levels inherent in all those purloined tracks! In addition to being a total crapshoot of what kind of aural assault you're going to get, it's loud as all get out. On numerous occasions, I've gone up to the counter to ask them, like your dad always did to you, to turn it down. It's gotten to the point where, upon my approach, an employee will say: "Is it too loud? Should I turn it down?" Yes. Yes it is too loud, and it takes over my noise-canceling headphones. And if you already know what I'm going to ask, that means you already know it's too loud. Just turn it down so conversations don't need to rise to scream-talking.   3) Boy oh boy has the staff gotten surly. If you read my account of Johnson Public House, you'll know that I don't mind a bit of hipster-barista surliness with my coffee. It's par for the course... in *some* cafes. This is not the cafe. This is the bougie, over-priced, grown adult cafe. I'm paying more for my coffee than I would otherwise, and I expect the attitude to be dialed back. Granted, Alterra's management could be a right bear to work for, and may engender a surly staff, who knows? But if that's the case: ALTERRA MANAGEMENT: stop treating your employees poorly. They're unfriendly, and that makes me not want to come here. If it's just because they're bad at hiring people, and their staff thinks they're hot stuff 'cause they work at Alterra, then give me a break.   4) On the employee tip, those bathrooms, single stall each, sure do get gnarly after a while. During the workaday week, there are typically lines out the door (I don't even want to know about what happens during the farmer's market... I avoid the square at all costs unless, you know, I'm at the market,) and that means that precious bathroom real estate (which often has lines rivaling the counter's,) gets trashed. Instead of standing around navel-gazing, it might be a good idea to check the bathrooms now and then. And maybe clean up after the circus has packed up and left? But instead, I see staff wandering about, seemingly aimlessly, all the while the bathrooms go untouched (making me not to want to touch them). And restock the creamer station while you're at it (and after changing gloves and scrubbing your paws, please.) I can't believe how many times I've gone over to get a straw or napkin and found the remains of what once was a supply bar.   Anyway, there's my beef. I know we can't have everything all the time, but some things are easier had than others. And I think these are some low, low-hanging fruit.
4 I'm ready to accept my challenge to review Alterra after 3 visits.  First impression= WoW.  Love the how the windows open up to the square, food looked beautiful in the display case, lots of tables, good vibe and coffee was good.  Second impression= okay, I still like this place.  Bathrooms are okay given the no sink in bathroom idea.  Food is still delicious.  We tried the BLT, egg sandwich and a yogurt parfait.  Third impression= Coffee was excellent, ordered the falafel sandwich which was a B+.    Lastly, it's a keeper.  Wish they had later hours.  (Tried to stop in after concerts on the square and it was already closed! ) Room for improvement but keep it coming Alterra!
4 My family and I ate here for lunch over the weekend.   The Pesto Mozzarella sandwich and Veggie burrito were both excellent!
4 As a longtime Bradbury's patron, I come to Colectivo sometimes because it has later hours, more space, and a bigger food selection. Bradbury's is one of those rare businesses that excels in a niche and doesn't try to expand into everything else. It's great. So Colectivo isn't really a direct competitor in that sense, and fills in pretty well. In short:  Pros: good coffee, bakery, atmosphere, plenty of outside seating  Cons: unbearably crowded at lunch rush and any event on the square, very unreliable / spotty internet access, loud music for a coffee shop  Finally, I'm not sure what the reviewer talking about "surly staff" is on about. At JPL, sure. I refuse to go there because I am not myself a barrista and therefore feel unwelcome. Also, I don't want to spend $16 or whatever for a small coffee. But I don't feel any of that vibe at Colectivo...this is a friendly, open to all kind of place. And it serves excellent beer.
4 Alright... So Madison, I am really glad we got an "Alterra" coffee (Milwaukee Represent!) but I am disappointed with the name change... Anyways, this particular place is GREAT, nice spot on the Capital Square with awesome outdoor seating and with a half indoor/outdoor seating area too which is probably my favorite thing because I imagine myself sitting in there on a rainy spring day with my warm cup o'joe as it rained! The inside is standard coffee shop nothing strikes you about in my opinion but the coffee.... the COFFEE... simply scrumtrulescent... yeah... look it up... it is absolutely delicious and I will never describe it well enough for you to understand that so I will not even try. Go enjoy a nice cup of coffee year round at this wonderful corner coffee café.
4 Loooove iiiiit. I'm a chai kinda girl, so I can't really speak to their coffee. But I bounce around between coffee shops around the square, and Alterra/Colectivo is one of my favorites. My favorites are the open-air patio and the Union-style color scheme and chairs. Oh and their t-shirts!  The one thing (besides price; Colectivo's a bit more expensive) that sometimes makes the choice between Colectivo and Starbucks difficult, for me, is that Colectivo's chocolate croissant just doesn't quite measure up to Starbucks'. But sometimes I just want some good chai in a fancy-lookin' cup, so don't worry Colectivo, I still love you.
5 It's just a MUST for me to give this eccentric, cozy and nice coffee shop a FIVE- STAR rating! I am not a morning person, but as soon as I'm in love with this coffee shop I challenged myself to wake up so early in the morning. Two days in a row, I woke up at 5 AM just to have my single or double espresso as soon as they open! I just love the atmosphere, a number of seats available, the ambience. It's just perfect.   Been reading some reviews about their internet connection, well, for me, this is like the best internet connection compared to other coffee shops in town! They don't limit only for two hours and youtube loads just fine here- so really, it's not as spotty as they said, especially when you work in the morning.  I have been quite productive, reading, writing and revising my proposal there! I'm so happy! The service is super good, they have the nicest barista and staff!  Tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and days after that, if I am not at the library, or at home, or at SERF swimming pool, or zumba-ing or yoga-ing at SERF, I will be at Colectivo! :D   If you happen to see a nice and smiley lady with some colorful scarf, just greet her! :) She's in love with Colectivo, so she's always in the good mood even with some books and a lengthy paper! Thanks to Colectivo!!!!!!!
4 The good: The coffee & the atmosphere. The coffee is delicious. The atmosphere is beautiful- large leather chairs & couch in the back, comfortable wooden chairs elsewhere, a patio that gets screened in during the winter to make you feel like you're outside, and plants everywhere.   The bad: It's very loud. They set their music on high volume, and then people compensate by screaming over it. Also, the wifi cuts out every couple of hours, and won't turn back on until the terms and agreements are re-signed.   In conclusion: Great coffee shop, but a poor study spot.
5 Awesome!! I tried the pumpkin spice latte it was amazinggggg!    The service was a little slow.
5 HIPSTER ALERT Expensive coffee, Ipads, trendy indie music,  ever so carefully arranged hair and berets -   Also, best coffee in Wisconsin, and pretty good baked goods.  Really, just super hard to beat this place.  Great coffee, free wifi, good food, great location.
4 Good coffee, good atmosphere. They even have uniquely fun cups to vessel your coffee to your mouth. Overall pretty dandy. The only issue I could list is that it isn't open late enough. It's downtown on the square where there are people out pretty late and studying or whatnot.   Now I'm not saying it should be open 24-hours, however if it was open until 1AM or so that would be nice.
4 Love the coffee and decor. Staff is friendly and service quite good Only problem I have is noise level. The music is way too loud for a coffee shop where people come to talk, socialize read and study. Makes it hard to have conversation yet alone concentrate if trying to work
4 As it turns out, if you sit in the back, it's not all that loud! It's kinda perfect- not a lot of people walking by, pretty quiet, leather couches & leather upholstered chairs. But there aren't always seats left. I usually swing my Colectivo to check for seats in the back, if there aren't any, it's off to Barriques.   Revised conclusion: Great coffee, decent study spot.
4 I've visited Colectivo Coffee on the square multiple times for coffee and lunch. Great coffee, reasonably priced. I haven't tried any yet, but they usually offer 4 made-to-order coffees, which takes a little longer to make. Every sandwich I've tried has been good.  Every time I've been (weekdays, morning or lunch time), there's usually a line, which is great for business but not so great for a quick run-in-and-out to grab coffee.
4 Excellent food and coffee. I also love their smoothies. The only complaint is that they're music is often unappealing to me, and that it is often very loud in there which makes it hard to study. I love sitting in the 'porch' area during the summer when they open all the walls so it's basically like sitting outside, except with plugs for my laptop charger.
3 This was a nice place to meet a friend for lunch and coffee.  A previous reviewer mentioned the hipsters. This is a hipster hangout for sure.  I'm not one, so I felt a little out of place.  But! The coffee was excellent, my sandwich was excellent, my chips were ok, and the cookie was excellent.  Felt like I had to yell over the music during my conversation.  The prices are ok as well.  Nice place for a treat once in a while.
1 The coffee is good but the place is cold and the music is too loud. Very hard to study there.
4 I've been here twice and enjoyed my experience both times. It's pretty big for a coffee shop, and there are lots of tables to work at. The atmosphere isn't as soothing as other places, but the furniture and layout are nice, so it's a great place to get work done. The coffee is good, but I've never tried the food.
5 This is my first visit to Colectivo and only wish I'd discovered it sooner! I'm just visiting Madison and of course came here on my last day. I would come here and hang out every day if I could. The service was amazing - baristas are beyond helpful and so nice.  Also a great cup of coffee and some good looking food (though I never actually tried any of it) :)
4 While the Alterra name is gone away, their coffee is still really good. I stopped in the Fall/Winter season en route to Minneapolis and tried their Turkey Trot pour over. I really liked it! Baristas are great and there's a good atmosphere.
3 The good:  Good coffee, fair prices, nice digs - trendy hipster music not too loud.  Internet seemed speedy enough.  The bad:  The bathroom design.  Single handedly the most ill-conceived design I have ever seen.  Mens and Ladies potties are separate rooms each with an adequate toilet placement.  Dual co-ed sinks in a common area between the two open to the whole place.  Which means there's a lot of DNA on the inside door handles...and no way out without putting a little of yours there too..no thanks!
3 Teetering between 2- and 3-stars... After having visited Colectivo in Milwaukee, this one seems a little "off." Can't quite put my finger on it, but it's not quite the same.  Milwaukee's Colectivo was big, open, comfy, warm, inviting, and calm. This location seems hectic; no tables available, everyone's staring into a laptop or iPad with earbuds in, squatting on their seat(s).   Entry/order area is a bee-hive of activity; a bit disjointed and crowded.  Lacking full selection of coffee equipment (no Chemex stuff other than a pack of filters?).  I'll be generous and go with 3-stars, although it's probably closer to 2.5.
5 I first tried this place as Alterra and was not entirely impressed.  The atmosphere is unique and enjoyable, but I thought the coffee was sometimes bitter and overroasted.  It's probably just my imagination, but I feel like it's gotten a lot better since it changed its name from Alterra to Colectivo.  The atmosphere is still great (and I'm a sucker for Central American, the sugar skull theme), and this time the coffee is great as well.  You can tell the baristas are well trained and take their coffee seriously, unlike a certain coffee shop down the street (it starts with an S and ends in -tarbucks).  If you're used to high quality coffee from the various downtown cafes, then you'll like this.    Plus the staff seems really friendly and knowledgeable and remember their repeat customers, which is impressive because there's usually a steady stream of customers up at the register.  It's a happenin' place.  And the food.  The food is excellent.  The soups are delicious and the flavors are often very complex and unlike anything I've had in a restaurant or cafe before.  The ingredients are mostly locally sourced, which is cool.  Do yourself a favor - at least once in your life, get the bacon biscuit.  It's probably more calories than you should ever consume in one day, you'll hate yourself after you finish it, and you'll probably never do it again.  But good lord, it's heavenly.
2 The good:  - Nice outside seating during the summer - Okay coffee - Unique vibe  The bad:  - No internet on the weekends! What year is this?!! I understand that as a coffee shop you need to increase turnover but this is just bad. Internet also drops off regularly during the week too.
5 I can't say enough good things about Colectivo. They are really invested in the Milwaukee community and I'm super excited to have them in Madison. They really try to take care of their roasters and treat them will respect as well.   But in addition to them being an awesome organization, they also make delicious coffee! I love their attention to detail and the cute little designs they make in my cortado. They also have delicious bakery and food! Whats not to love?!
2 It's in a great location, and the layout is pretty cool . . . mostly. I didn't really appreciate the signs on the tables: "reserved for groups of 3 or more," etc.  I guess the idea is to keep people from hogging a table, but on the other hand, when people are oddly spaced at the longer group tables, how are you supposed to have room for your books and stuff?  I was meeting someone for a job interview and didn't want coffee, so I asked for peppermint tea.  The barista seemed thoroughly unimpressed, and said "yeah awesome" made me feel pretty small, like I wasn't cool enough (hipster) to be there.    The bathrooms are gender neutral, which is very PC, but the sinks are outside of the stalls, which struck me as very unsanitary!  Also, the guy warned me the tea was going to be hot, and OMG he wasn't kidding!  I had to let it sit with the lid off for a good 10 minutes before I could drink it.  Some of the music playing was good, and some was down right terrible!  Maybe if you're more into hipster vibes and fancy coffees, you'd like this place, but next time I'm downtown and need a coffee, I'm likely to skip it.
3 Well - would have been 4 or maybe 5 stars. The food is excellent here. The coffee too. The vibe is Hipster meets South American Worker's Cooperative. Cool artwork, including on the coffee bags themselves.   Have to go with 3 stars though for one reason - no WIFI on weekends. I understand no restaurant wants a customer to order a single coffee and sit there for half a day surfing videos. But I would have easily spent $20+ there in a couple hours time. Maybe they could devise a program where wireless is good for 2 hours, then a charge after that.  Great service from employees otherwise. They definitely know their stuff.
2 Its just not my thing. Its super loud and always way too packed. The atmosphere is nice so I get its popularity but if I want to go to a coffee shop I'd like a place to sit. The reason I give it two stars is because I think the coffee is not very good. Its kind of bitter and leaves me with an unpleasant aftertaste. I drink a lot of coffee and I might actually prefer a starbucks coffee over this.   The pastries are defrosted mediocre items. The food is microwaved and low quality. I remember 5 years ago in Milwaukee the food was really good. I wonder if the quality has diminished as it has expanded?
2 I really want to like this place. And I do..kind of. From the outside it seems right. Cool design, warm wood, decent menu, wifi and lots of outlets. All good things right? But then the little things start cropping up. The wifi boots you off the system every 30 minutes making studying or working nearly impossible. The food is overpriced. It is good but not worth the price. The coffee is cheaper but you pay for refills. And the coffee is just okay.  it's definitely popular. There were people waiting for spots the entire time even though it is a big place. All those people made it pretty loud. Even with my headphones it was hard to tune out other people and focus.  So...That said. Some of those little things are a big deal. The internet in particular is the reason I go to work at coffee shops and not stay home.
3 May I preface my 3-star review with the following confession?  The coffee here is good. Pretty darn good. 4 or 5 star good. I also love coffee though. Like, a lot.   The location is convenient and the space is attractive and hip the way coffee houses should be. And I do feel true, honest pity for them when I see them getting inundated by Farmer's Market or other crowds. Truly. Kudos to your workers for surviving the chaos.   But...  1. Products: I have never had more than a luke-warm experience with anything other than their actual coffee offerings.  Their food is just ok, and is rather expensive considering what you get.   2. Crowd.  Long lines, and even in their huge space it is often crowded and loud, and something about the kind of crowd I often find there makes me wrinkle my nose in distaste. Perhaps it is the entire chapters-worth of Sorority girls constantly in attendance. Or maybe it's the clans with 6 children running through the isles. I know it is their location that brings this mess upon them, and it isn't their fault. But I don't find myself wanting to stick around and hang out. Oh and with 50 people all using their internet, it is slow and patchy and kicks you off frequently. So I never linger.   3. Staff.  I get it, its a coffee house and you are a barrista, and that makes you cool in my book. You can even be a little pretentious and get away with it and I won't think twice on it. Thats the coffee house code.  But seriously, these guys practically sneer at me every time I order. I swear, I am super nice to everyone. I'm service industry, I always tip, I'm always polite and full of thank yous. So I am not sure what I am doing to earn their disdain.   Moreover, they try to TALK ME OUT OF ORDERING WHAT I WANT. This has happened several times. But it's not just that, but that they act like I don't know what I am ordering every time, and try to convince me that what I really want is a cappuccino or a latte or the usual press-pot coffee.  I order that, when I WANT that.   For example:  "I'd like a machiatto to go, please."  Sneer.  "Do you even know what a macchiatto IS?  Its not like at S-bucks, its only going to fill like, this much of your to go cup. You want a latte, right?"  No... I asked for a macchiato because I know what that is and what I would like, so please give it to me. I could pass this off as them trying to be helpful, in the face of I assume hundreds of sorority chicks that expect some kind of large blended caramel concoction when they order a macchiato. But it has happened repeatedly and it annoys me.  Or "Can I get a cup of that hand-crafted poured coffee?"  Sneer. "Look, that coffee is something we have to pour slowly over the grounds, its going to be a while. It's also more money. You sure you don't want a regular coffee, like this one right here?"  No... I asked for that coffee because I want to try your expensive, premier fancy coffee and I am prepared to both pay for it and wait for it, thats why I ordered it.   Anyway, I do want to like them because they make pretty good coffee. But I think I will just keep going to Michaelangelo's, where people smile when they see me and I never have to wait 20minutes just to order something that they will insist isn't really what I wanted.   And if I want a big ol' blended caramel frou-frou dessert coffee, then I will go to S-bucks.
2 Been here many times and enjoyed it, but VERY upset I just drove downtown, paid to park in a garage, bought coffee and bought beans to take home (spent $16), and sat down to catch up on some work, only to find that they turn off wi-fi on Saturdays and Sundays!! Are you kidding me? It's not even busy in here (9:30 on a Sunday).   I totally understand no wi-fi on a Farmers' Market Saturday, but this is ridiculous. Now I have to either go home and work or start this routine all over again and buy another coffee at another coffee shop and set up my laptop there. Collectivo has just lost a lot of future business from me. This is really disappointing.
4 Hipster coffee cool.   Sesame cashew tofu wrap is a vegan delight. Wish they had some vegan baked goods, though.   TONS of seating, indoors & out. lots of outlets for the laptop crowd :)   Love their merch- cool graphics!
2 I like Colectivo a lot. Their coffee is decent and the people are friendly. There's a ton of indoor and outdoor seating, and their food is great.   BUT! They now turn off wifi completely on Saturdays and Sundays. Wtf?! I understand Saturdays during Farmer's Market season, but Sunday? There's nobody here as I write this (tethered to my iPhone, using my precious at&t data), and it's 10 a.m. Come on, guys.   I probably won't come here anymore on weekends, because I need teh interwebz for my work. Not cool.
4 As someone who got through college on Intelligentsia, I had relatives who raved about Alterra's coffee, saying it was as good as Intelligentsia's.  That was high praise given the high quality of Intelligentsia.  I finally had some when I moved here a year ago and it lived up to their praise.    Colectivo's coffee and Letterbox tea selections are wonderful.  The interior is inviting and a nice place to rest and get a drink.    I understand why they shut off the wi-fi on the weekends.  Most people who have been to any coffee shop with wi-fi and no restrictions on how long you can stay have experienced tripping over cords, not being able to find a seat, and a shortage of outlets.  It's not an inviting experience for people who want to sit down and enjoy a drink and meal.
4 Good coffee. Good music. Good wifi. Good people. Outdoor seating. Good size, lots of space and nooks. 2 large community tables.
4 This place is really cute. Love the options of seating from tables, booths and chairs. We got lattees and a carrot cake. The carrot cake was perfect and loved the frosting and love that if you don't take out they put the coffees in cute white saucer cups. Everyone is super friendly there too.
3 IM FURIOUS   no wifi on weekends?!?!? I get it, no squatters or whatever, but WHAT THE HECK  still love the coffee and food.
