4 I've driven by many times and finally decided to stop in. We are Very pleased with the experience especially because there is no appointment necessary.  I signed up today for the monthly family membership. Dr. Roach explained the entire chiropractic process. My son was very nervous at first but warmed up quickly and enjoyed the experience.
5 I'm a stress case and NEED an adjustment weekly.  I have been with The Joint for about 10 months now and feel like a million bucks. After trying various offices, the Moon Valley office opened recently and I went in to chat with Dr. Roach.  He was warm and welcoming and was ready to be a part of my healing.  He has studies various different approaches and has many "tricks"  up his sleeve from "gentle to get er done" to address your blockages.  Dr. Roach has finally reached the problem areas of where I hold stress and has helped make my life pain free.  =) Thank you, Dr. Roach!
5 I have recently tried many chiropractors, at the Joint locations and others.  Dr. Roach is the best I have found so far!  With his adjustments I am starting to see much more improvement with my issues and feel like I'm making progress.  He has done some adjustments on me that none of the other chiropractors I have seen have done.  It seems to be working.  He also takes the time to listen and understand your problems.  I highly recommend this doctor!
5 My son danny first went  The Joint for leg, foot, ankle and back issues from skateboarding. I like The Joint because the quick and easy service  for relief of back, shoulder and neck problems. I like the concept of a reasonable monthly charge with several visit a month. I have gone to other chiropractic places which were fine, for the same cost for one treatment I get for 4 treatments there. I had the same doctor Dr. Roach every time, he is awesome. Within a month I was feeling better.
5 I'm very crooked due to hip/low back, mid-back, shoulder/neck problems. At first glance, I look like I have scoliosis, but I do not. I have 2-3 deviations of my spine. This is the result of being born with one leg shorter than the other (which was only discovered 2 years ago at age 30) and both a swimming and car accident back-to-back.  Sooooo.....I see Dr. Roach MWF's at this MOON VALLEY location.   I've seen a D.O. and other chiropractors in the past in different offices off and on over the years. Finally, with THE JOINT's membership, I can afford consistent, regular care. I've visited THE JOINT on Camelback and in Albuquerque, but I have to say that of all the adjustment's I've ever had, Dr. Roach is the best. I look forward to my visits. He's the only chiro who has been able to correct my neck, jaw, shoulders, and hips.   HOWEVER, I wold check your account each month to make sure that The Joint is charging the right card. I'm 6 mos into my membership (June 2014) and was just billed $390 for "forgotten" charges and charges billed to someone with a wildly different name than mine. I'm not happy about it.
5 Dr. Roach is fantastic.    For years I have battled sciatic pain, and when it flares up, Dr. Roach is always able to get me back on track within a day or so.    I have gone to plenty of Chiropractors and a few different "The Joint" locations, but now I drive the 45 minutes to see Dr. Roach at this location.  That may sound crazy, but a bit of a drive to ensure comfort is well worth it.    I'd strongly recommend checking out this location.
5 I have been going to the Joint for about a year now, and Dr. Roach and the staff are great.  Always congenial and most of all you can go in anytime and get a great adjustment.  It's a great concept to be able to walk in for an appointment Monday thru Saturday from 10:00 AM to 7:00 PM.  Definitely fits for my lifestyle.  Judi Kaleh
5 Almost a year later...Soooo happy!  Feeling so much better!  Dr. Roach hung in there and kept grinding away on all My issues from ribs out to super tight muscles and out of alignments!  He really cares & wants you to feel better!  He is also NOT an ego freak & works with other body workers to really resolve any issues you may have. Many patients like Me have searched around for a care talented chiropractor and are willing to travel...Dr. Roach is well worth your time invested for your health!   If you have never been to a chiropractor...he would be the one to experience your first adjustment...he talks you through exactly what he is going to do & why.  I have listened to him calmly reassure patients & see the smiles when they walk out feeling much better.    The staff has always been friendly & helpful.
5 I have been visiting various The Joint locations for a couple years now... This location opened up so close to my house and Dr. Roach has been treating for me for about a year now. I am a teacher and constantly have stress and tight shoulders as well as an old back injury that flares up now and then. Every time I leave a session I feel like a new woman! When I found out I was pregnant, I was a little nervous about continuing getting adjustments as my OB isn't keen on it. I was so miserable... I called and was reassured that the Dr could adjust me still. I met with him around 16 weeks and he told me that he adjusted his wife during pregnancy and his kiddos. Talk about relieved! I am 29 weeks now and have seen him 5 times so far... And I won't stop!!
