3 Teresa does amazing work with both her hands and feet.  She also has great health tips she shares during massage.  I highly suggest you get a massage from Teresa!
5 I have taken a number of the yoga classes as well as a couple of well needed massages.  Teresa always takes the time to explain the proper form and what the benefit is from one pose to the next.  My massages have been theraputic, deep when needed and I am always sore the next day (in a good way)
5 I have been going to Teresa for massage for over almost two years and every time I notice such a wonderful, profound effect on my health. I often have back issues since I sit at a computer for many hours at a time, and each time I visit Teresa my back feels so much better! She uses many techniques including hot stones and essential oils, which leave me feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.   I have also attended two of her yoga classes and had a great experience. The class is a good pace and is a great workout.
5 This gal came into my shop referred by someone else ad was one of the most quality referrals to date.  I own an artisans boutique in old town Scottsdale and we host workshops in the arena of arts and social interests . . . . Teresa taught some workshops to moms on infant massage.  Soon after that I decided to personally get a massage from her bc she mentioned that she does ah-shiatsu massage and I had never had a massage like that before.  I loved it!  I've been back! She is really strong, and careful at the same time.  Her studio is clean and peaceful and she is very knowledgeable about the body.  I have referred her to friends and plan on going back again. She is professional yet seems like someone you have known for years. Love that I found something new to enjoy!
5 I first met Teresa when I was attending her yoga classes. She is an excellent yoga instructor. Always a challenging class. She is extremely knowledgeable in the subject and she is able to give modifications for those who need it. I then began to use her LMT services. She is an excellent massage therapist. She has a deep understanding of the body and is able to provide amazing deep tissue massages. With my line of work, I tend to hold stress in my neck and shoulder blades and she was always able to provide some relief. Lots of massage therapists in the valley to choose from but very few as good as Teresa!
5 I have been going to Sirrine Studio for about 7 years. I give Teresa my highest recommendation. I was in a car accident and started attending her yoga classes to help my back. I have gotten to know Teresa and appreciate her business and how well she treats her clients. Going for massages regularly is not something I would normally do before I met Teresa. Once I started going I noticed a difference in my health. I seemed to have more energy. I think this is because of the release of toxins that you get from massage and that she knows what she is doing. I also noticed that the yoga classes improved my balance a lot when mountain biking or snowboarding. Teresa really seems to understand how the human body works and seems to very technically heal and repair  the stress and damage that one can do to their body. I have been to her yoga classes, tried Ashiatsu, Hot Stone, Ashi Thai, her Fuzion massage and I have been to her Yoga on the lawn classes. She has really created a nice community with her classes and retreats and I have met some great people at her classes. Teresa really cares about the her clients and is very attentive to their needs. I think it is her mission in life to help people have better health and to be empowered.
5 Funny story... I met Teresa while hiking Camelback Mountain and we hit it off talking about yoga and my passion of design. We ended up collaborating on her website design and I became a student of Teresa's at her "Mini Yoga Retreats."   Teresa is a great yoga teacher. She has a keen knowledge of alignment and makes sure her students are being safe while having a great yoga experience. Many teachers push students beyond their edge, but Teresa is able to guide you into a pose and you feel taken care of the whole way through.  I have attended her retreats on Shaw Butte and can never complain about the combination of hiking and yoga with great people! Teresa is a wonderful leader full of integrity and passion for what she does. I haven't ever received a massage from Teresa as I live quite far from her studio, but wouldn't hesitate to purchase one based on the time I've had with her in yoga class.
