3 Daly's Bar and Grill is in the same place that JB's Italian Grille used to be in Sun Prairie.  Since the new owner took over, the menu and decor has changed. My husband and I visited on a Friday night about a week after they re-opened. There were still a few kinks to be worked out, but overall, we were very happy with our experience!  The hostess forgot to tell us about the specials, so my husband missed out on the Friday nigh fish, but that was ok because his Pork Belly Mac & Cheese was very tasty. I had a pretty safe buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries. I was definitely satisfied with my meal, but it wasn't anything too exciting. We also had an order of fried pickles, which were in spears instead of chips like they were supposed to be and came with regular ranch instead of the chipotle ranch like they were supposed to, they were as delicious as fried-anything can be!  I'm excited to go back in a few weeks after the staff gets used to the new owner/menu and give it another try!
2 Daly's used to be a no-star Italian place.  It's evolved into a 1-2 star bar and grill.  The bar being the better part of that equation.    I was in for lunch the other day.  I was the only person in there other than some dude who started his hangover early.  I took a seat and a waitress appeared immediately.  A drink was provided rapidly.  The menu is extremely limited.  Typical bar and grill fare, nothing exciting or unique.  I placed my order (whoa--prices are a little high).  It came out promptly.  (It should have--I was the only person there.)  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger.  You can tell a lot about a place by how it does the basics.  It was passable as a bacon cheeseburger, but nothing exciting.  The patty was frozen, not fresh, and was bland and uninteresting.  The bacon was good.  The cheese was plain and boring.  The lettuce and tomato that came with it were crisp, cold and fresh--the best thing I can say about the whole experience.  The bill came to $11.14.  That's pretty steep for a burger that's a couple of notches below Hardee's, Sysco's finest waffle fries, and a fountain drink.    Overall, a wholly forgettable experience.  I hope their bar is better than their grill, or this place is destined for a short life span.  It gets two stars over one because it's local and it's still new.  I hope they make some changes for the better.
3 i had the seafood alfredo.  It was tasty and the seafood was cooked well.  I ordered food at 9:30pm and they were able to accommodate me at the bar and the food was good.  I'd go back during regular dining hours and see what else they have to offer.
1 Not good, bartender was wasted and not friendly, food took forever and was ok.
5 Love this place. Good food I've had several things including the bacon cheeseburger, fried pickles, buffalo chicken wrap, Etc. great people. Bartenders are a lot of fun. Come here almost every week!
3 I was spending time with some girlfriends on a Saturday, and suddenly we all realized that we were starving. I googled Sun Prairie restaurants and this place came up. The menu looked fine and it was close so we headed over.   We went in the wrong door. After parking in the first legal spot we found we entered the door that had an awning and and Open sign. It was a bar door, and it seemed to surprise the people in the bar, who all looked at us with something like shock.   We couldn't find any sort of host station or even a bartender, so we just kept walking in to the restaurant. Eventually we found a nervous young man who told us to sit anywhere. We almost sat in a broken booth (a little warning sign goes a long way) but were warned off by a nearby customer.   The place is very run-down inside. Broken booth, broken speakers, not all the lights on, BUT the food was fine and the prices were great. I had the Indian taco (Navajo fry-bread with taco toppings on top) and my friends had tacos and the Southwest burger. We all loved our food, and the server (the same nervous young man from before) was attentive.
5 Awesome food! The jerk tilapia is a must! The staff and environment is wonderful. I definitely recommend it!
5 The ribs are awesome
5 Great food! Awesome environment & staff. I highly recommend!! Try the jerk tilapia on Fridays. It's amazing!!
