5 I have had the pleasure of working w Ali on several wedding events as well as the fashion focus hair show in October this year. She is a phenomenal make up artist and her talent is unmatched.
5 Ali was wonderful to work with for my wedding. I believe there is a reason for everything and after a previous make-up artist cancelled on me twice for my pre-wedding event, this is when I found Ali!  I  was so...... pleased to have her part of my day - she does exceptional work!   I am very particular when it comes to my makeup and she was so in-tune with my needs and did a perfect job.   In addition, she has a such a positive attitude and one can really see she enjoys what she does! Thank you Ali for being part of my wedding day!
5 Turning 50 has changed my skin a bit and I'm sooooo not ready for this!  Where have the last 25 years gone and who took my radiant and youthful skin!!???? I want it back!  I had a consultation with Alison of Face-Labs at a holiday boutique. I wasn't expecting much since it's advertised as mineral make up.  I used Bare Minerals for many years and loved it - but it's not so great once you start getting fine lines and creases - it actually started accentuating those flaws instead of hiding them.  I thought this would be much of the same - but it wasn't.  The make-up isn't powder - it's liquid and it's specially mixed and matched to my own skin coloring.  You have a choice of how much coverage you want and whether you want a sheer, dewy, matte etc. type of finish.  You get a choice of how much coverage you want.  It's all mixed to exactly how you want it - with or without sun screen and/or mixed with a primer - so you can skip that step in your super early morning routine.  A plus for me since I have to be up at 4 a.m. for work and I am NOT a morning person.  For the rest of the day I continued to get complimented on my skin - by strangers even.  I'm 50 and people have always thought I was about 15 to 20 years younger than my age - I've been noticing those compliments have been getting fewer and farther between - so it felt good to have people noticing my skin again.  I have ordered more products and will be happy to review them once I receive and try them, but I can't say enough about the foundation.  I would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for coverage made perfect for them.  As for Alison, she's a sweetheart to work with. She is very knowledgeable about her products, how to mix them just right and was truly focused on coming up with the easiest routine and best products to meet my goals and expectations.  She's a beautiful lady who is fun to work with.
