5 Anyone who knows me knows I'm a big fan of new Dim Sum places in Waterloo Region.  That's what got me so excited about Hot Wheels.  For the uninitiated: what is Dim Sum?  Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese brunch that consists entirely of appetizer-like dishes. Portions tend to be bite-sized and made easy for eating with chopsticks.  Yes, it's a strange name, but Hot Wheels is a new Chinese restaurant on Victoria near Lancaster (at the site of the former Cleopatra Bar and Grill).  The place just recently opened, but I've got to say I've been impressed with what I have seen so far.  I went for lunch today and although the decor isn't much to look at, the food fails to disappoint.  A quick perusal of the menu (and even the sign out front of the restaurant) shows a great number of spelling and grammatical errors - and surely English is not the first language of the people who own and run this place, but surely I couldn't fault them for that, I am sure they know more English than I do Chinese!  Ordering for Dim Sum is quick and easy, you place your order on the sheet.  On to the food, which was a delight... Pot stickers to start were cooked perfectly with just a crispy golden brown on the bottom (hence the name, of course).  Shrimp Rice Noodle Roll (Cheung Fun) had great texture and taste, as well as plenty of shrimp.  The perennial Dim Sum favourites of Har Gow (Crystal Shrimp Dumpling) and Siu Mai (Pork and Shrimp Dumpling) were well executed in the standard Cantonese style.  I also ordered the Spare Ribs with Black Bean sauce, which led to my only complaint on the food: it seems that in their quest to give you more pork meat, the pieces of the spare ribs that had lots of little bones, which made it somewhat difficult to eat.  These five dishes with a pot of Chinese tea and taxes came to under $20!  For those looking for a more western-style Chinese food experience, there is also the standard dishes combination dishes available and a daily lunch special as well.  I look forward to having more meals at Hot Wheels, and will have ot come back for the Dim Sum...
3 This place is along the lines of crystal palace before new owners too over.  The dim sum is mediocre at best.  It's far behind Cameron in terms of taste.    Everything was ok.  Couldn't find actual problems with the food (like undercooking or wrong spices ).  I don't see a reason to come here from Waterloo when Cameron is the same distance.
2 I agree with shane k. This place is nothing special. And their dim sum is alright. My boyfriend ordered the lemon chicken lunch special and I ordered some dim sum. His order came out pretty quick, however, I had to wait about 15 minutes for some of my dim sum to arrive. He was practically done eating by that point.
