5 I enjoy video games especially games of old yore, yes yore.  I had heard about fallout games and in my mind imagined an old Gamers or Electronic Boutique but perhaps crappier (imagine that, am i rite guys - cause they were both pretty bad) this due to the fact that old games get tossed and what not (never by me but people with no remorse or care or overall positive demeanor/ taste).  Either way I was BLOWN AWAY!!!!!  Its like taking a trip to Toys R Us in the 90's!  You know back when Toys R Us meant something.  They had "isles" of toys not a weird as circular layout and the video game area had a crazy 2 sided laminated cards, ROWS OF THEM, providing descriptions and screenshots of the game.  And if you wanted it you could purchase it.... with a paper sheet held inside a clear plastic envelope that on a good day you could convince your parent to bring up to the register.  This place is a blast in the past with games as far back as Atari and as new as the current gen consoles (ps3,Xbox 360, wii u ...JK WII U ISN'T NEXT GEN HAHAHA)  So next time your looking for a virtual boy or a 3DO version of "night trap" ( best version / full screen) hit up Fallout games, I cant say enough its as awesome as my run on sentences
5 Fallout Games is great!  My boyfriend was searching Craigslist for an original NES but I wanted to be able to buy him one from somewhere with some sort of guarantee it would actually work and for a decent price.  Luckily I came across this gem of a store and I couldn't have been happier with the service they provide and the great products!  I've been in three times now, and each time it's been a different employee, but all were equally pleasant, helpful, and knowledgeable.  We had to swap out the first NES I purchased because the pin was sticking, but there was absolutely no issue, and they even let us try the new system in the store to make sure it worked before we took it home.  When we went back my boyfriend was stoked to see an Intellivision, too.  If you are looking for anything specific, or just want to browse the extremely organized rows and rows of classic finds, this is the place to go!
1 This place is a joke. I went here because I'm not a huge fan of GameStop. The employee here sat on the ground behind the counter on the phone for about 5 minutes before he got up and there were 3 people in the store and 2 of us were standing at the counter. And their polices are absurd no returns or exchanges except the same product.
4 Always well stocked and a great selection.  Prices can be up there for some games but overall pretty fair.
5 This place frickin rocks. I can't believe the selection and how they have every video game system ever made. It brings back so many memories. You have to come here just to check it out! It's like a museum for video game lovers.
3 They have a standard amount of stock in this store. I didn't stay and look for too long because I was only picking up a Sega Gen 2 system they had on hold for me. The customer service was good but nothing really exceptional. They had old ColecoVision games, Atari, etc. However, no Jaguar system :(  My biggest gripe is that they didn't know anything about the 10% off coupon from the Yelp app. When you check in, a coupon pops up for 10% which you are then supposed to show to the cashier. They didn't know anything about it, but gave me the discount in good faith. This is not the first time this has happened with a business, management really needs to communicate with their staff better.
