1 I hate to give one star, but even that is generous. I went to see Ghost last night and it was a disaster. To start, they only accept cash at the bar and they don't have a working ATM. Unless you are close to the stage, you're pretty much screwed. There are 3 huge beams obstructing the view of the stage. If you are standing on the 21+ side, there are several obnoxious blinding lights shining down on you, making it even harder to see the stage, also killing any kid of enjoyable atmosphere. Meanwhile in the bathroom, there was one drunk girl passed out on a couch and another throwing up in the stall. Both paper towel machines were broken. The security guards were standing around the bathroom (it's one of those community washrooms), watching me touch up my make-up, giving me thumbs up. Awkward.  There was a drunk guy stumbling around bleeding from his face. He was kicked out, but then let back in 20 minutes later. Really?   This venue could be great but it is so poorly managed. Needs some work!
5 I went with a girlfriend last night to the pressroom to see fever a burlesque show. Its was their opening night last night for the venue and the show. We had a blast. The show was hilarious and sexy, Kelly the host was so much fun. The show had a few technical hitches but kelly and the dancers handled it like pros, things I'm sure they will work out. The dancer were talented and sexy and put on a fantastic show. Fire dancing, aerials and stripteases were all part of it. It was a sold out performance and when we arrived there were no seats together, the management were so helpful and actually gave up their stage side table to us. The show will be every friday and will change themes too. They do dance classes from the dancer themselves too which sound like fun! Definitely would go back again! As a group it would be fun! I would definitely get central seats so you don't miss a moment of the action.
5 I attended the opening night of The Pressroom & Scandalesque's Fever. Scandalesque was great as usual, and I was impressed with The Pressroom itself. The venue is large but doesn't feel overwhelming, the bars are well-staffed and - finally - a venue with more than 2 ladies' bathroom stalls (no waiting!). The space is flexible and can accommodate aerialist rigging but could be quickly reconfigured for a more traditional club setting. I think it's a promising flex-space for downtown.
5 What a fantastic venue for our downtown Phoenix!  Scandalesque's performance was top notch. Funny, sexy and professional, as usual.  The Pressroom is set up to be versatile, so I can't wait to see what they come up with next!  Great lighting makes the experience top notch.
1 Pressroom?? More like Prom-room...very amateur venue, not what we expected from an old industrial warehouse downtown. Felt like we were in an MTV episode of My Sweet 16, or a 90s teen flick prom scene. Couldn't even wait it out to see one of our favorite bands play.   Likes: many choices at the bar, food truck out back  Dislikes: lighting, decorations, vibe, long wait between acts while playlist of unrelated genre to gigs played, booming club music playing during bands' sound check, bathroom set up, name of venue plastered on multiple screens inside
4 What a great new space for events! And it is right downtown.   The Pressroom has only been open a few months. We've all passed this space and it just looked like all the other older buildings around the courthouse area. Not anymore! It is now a beautifully transformed space - inside.  I like the way they have set-up it up in a modular fashion, so it (bars, etc.) can be moved around based on the size and focus of the event.  The walls and stage were the only permanent fixtures. They still have some room to grow with furniture and the green rooms were definitely dated. These felt like they hadn't changed in 40-50 years, but hey it is a growing business and the location is what it is all about, right?  Sitting at my table listening to the speaker and performers on stage I realized that, even though this building used to house a large printing press (hence the name silly!) it was perfect for its new life. Acoustics were excellent. It was cool and quiet . . . no outside noise carried in. Just our little bubble.   How many other little secrets of our city are there out there that we don't know about until we are invited in? Too many.
4 Great Venue!!! Very large, sound system is awesome! Security is present but not in the way. I had a great time!
