4 Finally a Chick Fil A that is close to where I live and work. Yeah! I think they are great. Really good chicken sandwich. Plain and simple. Although I do add mayo and mustard to it. Got to love waffle fries!! Really nice and clean. Of course they just built it and it opened on Monday so I would hope so. It is a grand opening so all the corporate guys are there handing out cookie samples and coupons for free breakfast sandwiches. Line moved really good. A little confusing when we first walked in but figured it out. That is what you get for just blindly getting in line behind someone. Not as mobbed as I was expecting given that it just opened. Got right to the front of the line and food came out pretty quick. We got our food to go, a coworker and I, and took it back to the office to enjoy it. I will definitely be back at lunch time or dinner time. Chick Fil A is great. Plus they get extra points for serving Coke Zero.
4 First time at this chain. I love the Carrot and Raisin Salad--just like Mom used to make! And the Charbroiled Chicken & Fruit Salad was really nice. The Berry Balsamic dressing goes perfectly. Would've been nice if they offered some sliced almonds with it but oh we'll... Staff was incredibly friendly and efficient. I'll be back for something sinful next time.
5 I have my bestie to thank for my love of Chik-Fil-A! years ago while living in Tucson, she got me hooked on this place! All these years later, there's a brand new one not too far from me. Went there and grabbed lunch to bring to my hubby's work so he and I could have lunch together. The drive through lanes (2) were packed but once I got in line, it started moving pretty quickly. Got my food rather fast and with great customer service. Very friendly people, always chipper and smiling.   Love their waffle fries...so easy to get addicted to! Love their food and the prices are pretty reasonable. I also think it's cool that they are closed Sundays so that their employees can enjoy a day off.  Will definitely go there again!
3 This is the nicest Chick Filet Ever. I stopped with my boss on a recent business trip and the service was the best I have ever had a fast food place. This is brand new and everything is nice and clean.
5 I really love Chick fil a I always get a chicken sandwich I love that I can just order it as is and nothing is nasty on the sandwich I always ask for bbq sauce and it is really good in my book for fast food place. The boss of this restaurant loves dogs and has beggin strips and various treats if you bring your dog though the drive thru. The ppl at the restaurant are all great and very friendly I enjoy coming here, they should come to the foothills too and take the old building the jack and the box is in. =) I'd be really happy!!!!
4 Came here for lunch while we were in Phoenix. Ordered the deluxe spicy chicken with American cheese. It was pretty good! Love the spicy batter and their wafer fries.   Only complaint was that the chicken sandwich was not that spicy but that's about it!  Will definitely come here no matter what the politics say!
5 My uncle and I were at Chick-Fil-A last night around 7 p.m. and a kid named Jerry was working that went so above and beyond for a customer - that wasn't even us - that I had to write about it.   A customer went through the drive thru and must have taken off before the employee working that night could give him all of his food. Noticing the problem, Jerry quickly volunteered to chase after them. The bag was small and couldn't have contained more than a container of fries, but Jerry sprinted after the car nearly a block. The driver didn't see him and he ran alongside the vehicle - that was moving fairly quickly for a parking lot mind you - until the driver finally saw him and came to a stop.   I just wanted to share this amazing customer service story about a young man who did all he could to make sure a customer didn't feel ripped off at Chick-Fil-A. If I was a manager, I would find a way to recognize him big time!
5 They made our short visit wonderful by singing Happy Birthday to Carol! Great team and wonderful humbling staff! Love them!
1 Let me just say I LOVE Chik-fil-A!  We went here to get a snack and got a 12 count for 3 of us and I am so glad we pulled into the parking lot to eat them. Apparently whomever made the package couldn't count and shorted us.
5 We have adopted this as our Chick Fil A because its the closest one. My son loves chicken nuggets. We are here at least once a week.   Service is always great, friendly, and quick. But this review is specifically about my visit earlier today.   I went inside because I needed to order some party trays for this afternoon. I believe she's a manager, and I already forgot how to spell her name but it starts with a T, was FABULOUS. She greeted me right away, asked how she could help, and then offered me a seat so we could sit down and discuss my order.  Another guy asked me if he could get me a drink, so I ordered a cherry coke with full intentions to pay for it. He said it was on the house. Sweet!  While discussing my order, the manager asked if I wanted to do some cookies to, I hesitated because I had not tried them and before I could answer, she ran back into the kitchen to grab me one. A warm, chocolate chip cookie. It was delicious! Then another employee brought me a milk, just as a nice gesture. He told me it was the best way to enjoy their cookies.   Its been a long time since I have had such good service. I know they've gotten a bad rap in recent years for the owners religious views, but great customer service will keep us coming back. This is how customers want to be treated, and we definitely take note and remember!  Not only was I in and out in less than 10 minutes for a large order, they offered to cut the cookies a certain way so it would be easier to serve the kiddos at the school party this afternoon. I so appreciate the thoughtfulness that went into taking care of me today!
5 You can't go wrong at ANY Chick-Fil-A!  The people are always extremely polite, gracious, and attentive.  I go about 3 times a week and I'm never disapointed in the quality of the food or service.  Only once did they forget an order of waffle fries and went I went in they had already caught the mistake and apologized.  I'm sure we've all gone to other fast food places especially Mickey D's!  but because of the great service at Chick; I didn't mind.  Exceptional organization! They seem to hire the right kind of person to work.
