5 Kitchin in Kitchen  This is what all Gastropubs should aspire to be! Anticipation was boiling over in advance of our reservation this Sunday afternoon. Being big fans of both Kitchin and Castle Terrace (And pubs, and eating, and Sundays etc etc) we got our names on the list early. A table for 4 was relatively easy to secure despite them having only been open for a week!  The place is split in two, main entrance is a cosy wee pub, with exposed walls and plenty of sunlight from the large windows, the bar itself is at the back of the room. Two real ale pumps, five kegs all on rotation and fridges loaded with local beers. We were welcomed warmly, almost overwhelmed with the sea of staff, but they were busy and you expect a bit extra in the opening weeks.  We were taken to our table which had the best view of Mr K himself rocking the pass, and you could hear the banter. The team was obviously pumped up for another busy service. Again the presence of pretty much one waiter to one guest was a bit much to start as different people tried to take our order despite having asked for some time, but this wasn't off puting.  Two of us shared a bottle of wine, chosen from an extensive list where the prices weren't too intimidating. I had a pint of one of the cask ales, as did the 4thmember of our group. Unsurprisingly they arived in haste.  We had been sent through the menu in advance, so had a rough idea of what we were ordering, though the presence of langoustines and pork belly dishes did throw a curve ball at some of our party.  The starters came in good time also, and were certainly a compete sensory delight. The bone marrow (not for squeamish) would have cost £20 in London for the portions we got and the Sheeps Heid scotch broth was one of the best soups i have tasted (other than my mum's!)  - not much conversation taking place as we happily munched away.  The mains were just as good, I had the Wagyu burger which was amazing - FYI Wagyu meat has a high concentration of unsaturated fats, which makes up for the fact I pretty much are pure fat for my starter!! Others had the pork belly, fish pie and more langoustines, all were remarkable. Props for presentation also as it was all very Scottish, but not tacky, and certainly no expense spared.  We couldn't handle dessert, but ill go back some time to try the chocolate brownie for sure. So we had some espressos and paid up, not the cheapest Sunday lunch, but we weren't out for something cheap and cheerful...  All in all this was another remarkable Tom Kitchin experience, and I will be interested to see what things are like a few months down the line once all the dust has settled..
5 Wow! We went out in search of an early dinner Sunday evening and just happened upon this place. The menu looked interesting and the interior inviting, so we decided to put our names in for a table. Good thing we were so early, as they were completely booked from 8pm (and pretty close to full from 6pm, when they start serving).   It's a bit on the expensive end of what we'd spend for a casual night out, but absolutely worth it given the quality of the food, drinks, service, and atmosphere. We didn't even look at the wine list as we were excited to try out some of the ales on tap. For a starter we had the crab claws. I think my main was described as artichoke with coco beans; its unique flavors and (mostly) fresh ingredients distracted me from the fact that the artichoke itself was probably from a jar. Green spelt salad was fresh and tasty.   The portions were just small enough that we were up for splitting a dessert. We chose the syrup sponge, which was kind of like a sweet cornbread with some carmel and vanilla sauce. Very high quality and well done, just like the rest of the meal.   Service was good and friendly - I don't think I've ever seen such a high waitstaff-to-customer ratio before.
5 I couldn't be more impressed by the Scran and Scallie - the food is amazing and the service is top-notch.  My oldest friend recently got engaged (and about time, they've been together for 8 years!) so to celebrate I thought I'd treat her to a slap-up lunch at somewhere really nice. She's vegan, which narrows down the options somewhat and I didn't want to go to the usual veggie Edinburgh places, most of which we've already tried. So I asked Yelp, and the lovely Claire L suggested the Scran and Scallie after having heard that they are very accomodation to vegans. And she was right, they were wonderful!  I emailed them explaining the situation (newly engaged vegan), and perhaps chancingly asked if they had a table available that coming Sunday. I also phoned (I'm impatient) and was told that no, they were fully booked, but that they actually only allow bookings for half the restaurant and the other half is walk-in - great! We had a chance after all. I was told I'd be emailed with vegan options, and sure enough a couple of hours later I had an email. What's more, I had a booking too! Despite being fully booked, they'd managed to squeeze us in, yay! And they couldn't have been more helpful with regards to the dietary request, offering to either adapt their vegetarian dishes or suggesting a few meals the chef could make specially.  When we arrived the place was busy, but not heaving, and did steadily get quieter as the afternoon went on (we were eating lunch slightly later so the lunchtime rush had probably died down). Mr Kitchin himself had a day off, but we did spot him outside with his wife and brood of boys, obviously out to enjoy a day in the sun - well deserved too.  The service was great, not quite as overly attentive as other reviews have suggested, and the waiters were all very friendly and helpful, offering to adapt the sides to suit our needs.  My friend had the green spelt salad for starters, she said this was delicious especially as she's not had spelt in a salad before, and the specially created grilled tofu and pheasant back mushroom for main - which she was really pleased with (she loves tofu and mushrooms). I had the mussells to start (just the right serving size) and the pork belly with braised cabbage and apple sauce for my main (that day's special). The pork belly was so tender, although the crackling was a little difficult to eat (mega crispy), and the braised cabbage was unexpectedly delicious - possibly my favourite part of the dish.  I also had a very tasty pint of Dark Munro - a beer that tastes much lighter than it looks.  Sadly we didn't have time for puddings, but the selection looked great.  And what are you paying to eat in this upmarket gastropub? Well the prices are all actually very reasonable. Strangely the starter specials were more expensive than some of the mains, but on the whole it's really very good with most starters at the £6/7 mark and mains around £15. Yes, it's more expensive than your usual gastropub, but it's been opened by two Michelin starred chefs and the food and service is so good that frankly it's a steal.  Safe to say I will definitely be back, the Scran and Scallie is going on my 'special meal' list.
3 I liked my inaugural visit, but can't give it more than three stars... yet. We only had drinks you see, so there's plenty of room for improvement ready and waiting for my first dining experience. I can attest to a sizeable range of whiskies and a good selection of Scottish beers on tap. Stockbridge has been a choice part of Edinburgh to visit and inhabit for many a year, so somewhere as nice as The S & S fits in a treat - I can well imagine it's becoming a favourite of locals and weekend perambulators. It's tucked in between the Botanic Garden, Inverleith Park, St Stephen Street and the Water of Leith, so don't overlook it if you're in the area.  The decor is lovely, the staff attentive and I'm looking forward to paying another visit before too long.
5 Our 1st visit to the Scran and Scallie and we were not disappointed.   We hadn't booked but the staff were very accommodating. The general atmosphere of the place is great, relaxed but bustling with conversation.  Great choice of scottish lagers, beers and ales but most importantly the food was excellent.  My better half ordered the Burger and chips and i had the fish and chips. Both choices were fantastic. We ended the night with the chocolate brownie with stout ice-cream, a match made in heaven.   Thanks again to all the staff who couldn't have been more attentive.
5 First time here but will definitely be back. Tried to book a table but was told that the bookable half was fully booked but they do keep half the tables free for walk-ins so we went anyway. Brilliant food with a few run of the mill dishes to keep the less adventurous happy but the real stars are the changing specials. I had one of best pumpkin soups ever to start and then braised ox cheeks. They have some nice cask ales and an extensive cocktail list. Nice cosy interior (okay it was raining outside).
5 'Scran and Scallie' is touted as a 'public house with dining' which belies it's ability to exceed expectations on both fronts.  As soon as entering you are greeted into the charmingly rustic bar area. There are a few larger tables for dining and plenty bar stools and high tables to snack at or wait for your table to be reset, which is what we did.  The bar is stocked with some of Scotland's best beers (Orkney IPA!) and offers a comprehensive wine and cocktail menu as well.  We were seated quickly  (within 15-20 minutes) on a very busy Sunday afternoon. The restaurant area is similarly decorated to the bar. It has very comfortable, homely 'lodge' feel to it.  The menu continues Tom's theme of cooking with high quality, fresh and locally sourced produce. Plenty places in Edinburgh claim to do the same but none i've tried meet the benchmark set by Tom.  First of all we were served freshly baked poppy seed bread with vinegar and olive oil dips. Simple enough but the quality was, again, evident. We had the oysters to start. They were served with a shallot vinaigrette and a wedge of lemon. Nothing else needed. Fresh, juicy and plump they went in moments. They were also perfectly shucked, no horrible shell fragments here.  Just in for a light lunch, I had the pumpkin and goats cheese salad, my companion the spelt salad.  The pumpkin was perfectly roasted, served with a tasty mix of exotic mushrooms, leaf, toasted pumpkin seeds and a lovely, creamy goats cheese. A little heavy on the oil but i'm just picking nits now. The spelt salad was, again, lovely, fresh and crisp. Drizzled with a knockout dressing.  The service was impeccable. Bar staff were friendly and happy to discuss drinks, waiting staff were on the ball and attentive. There was a very healthy staff:table ratio which meant no waits at all.  The 'Scran and Scallie' has struck a perfect balance between 'gastropub' and higher end dining like nowhere else I have tried in Edinburgh. The bill coming in at less than £30 for a light lunch for two makes it great value as well.
5 Scran and Scallie is a joint venture between two of Edinburgh's Michelin-starred chefs, Tom Kitchin and Dominic Jack. It's a 'public house with dining' that has joined the many fancy places in Stockbridge to spend you evenings. The stripped-back, bare-brick, walls with mis-matched tables contrasting checks and Victoriana is very cool and on trend and goes well with the  ethos of down-to-earth food and friendly attitude. Definitely a pub that sells posh food! As you enter you have a few tables and a bar with loads of great Scottish beer on tap and in bottles. The wine selection is also good but has some fantastic house wine options too. There are Scottish gins, whiskies, ciders and drinks from further afield. A short cocktail list is obviously a new addition and has some tempting Scottish themed options.  The menu has starters, mains and desserts (here called Yer Starters, Yer Mains and Yer Desserts) and also small bits (sides), vegetarian dishes and salads. You have all the pub favourites on the menu such as steak and chips, sausage and mash or fish pie, a Wagyu Beef burger is a more exotic take on the usual burger and chips. Others are just plain odd, including Sheeps Heid broth, bone marrow and Pig Ear carpaccio! We tried them all in an adventurous moment of madness! I can say that the bone marrow was lovely but it is really greasy and makes you feel like your arteries are clogging up! Pigs ears are also pretty darn tasty but there was the odd chewy bit that draw your attention to the whole 'I'm eating ears' and was a bit off putting!  We had a fab steak pie with lovely chunks of meat in a rich meaty sauce and proper pastry. What was really lovely was that the meat wasn't the usual cheap stringy pie filling but proper cuts of beef. A little chunk of bone marrow really made the dish. Hake with artichoke barigoule was my partners choice which was a lovely dish but he was clearly suffering from food envy looking at the pie feast! For 3 of us to have starters, mains and drinks was £90 which I think was pretty good value.  We will be going back and top on my list is the huge selection of game that was on the menu from pheasant to grouse and everything else in between. A really great dining pub well worth the visit.
4 We had a dinner for 6 at the Scan & Scallie.   The restaurant entrance is through the bar area. The whole set up and ambiance was gastro pub at a lake,  and you could easily imagine being transported to yonder years. Many greens, browns and black. With treated wooden floors and tables, mis matched chairs and leather menus.  The place felt a bit packed, but only just so. I do think that some of the coat hooks are a bit unfortunately placed.   The water was poured and the bread came in little jute grain storage bags. Nice touch. I had the crab & coriander ravioli in a consommé - this had an interesting flavour and I liked it. Other starters chosen by my fellow diners were oysters, ham hock terrine, and a champagne duck's liver pate - which was very smooth.   For main I decided on pheasant roulet accompanied with yet another consommé. (I like my soups). This was a tasty and heavy dish. We had some triple cooked chips and vegetables aside. Other mains were hake and also a bavette steak.   We ordered a couple of bottles of Rioja - which , though tasty, was pretty expensive.   As we had a party to go to we didn't have desserts or coffee.   It was busy, but the service was attentive and prompt. Food was well prepared and full of flavour. I was less impressed with other people's coats hanging over my side plate and also the prices are a little steep.   A nice touch is a small dedicated room for children to play in - away from the busy floor and out of the way of the serving staff.   In all a solid well deserved 4 stars
5 Good food, excellent service. Although due to this it's very popular so queuing should be expected, but make sure you do or book ahead ... It's worth the wait!
5 I've been to this restaurant a twice in the last month and each time the food has been spot on.  I didn't make a reservation either time (Fri & Sat nights) and the wait wasn't anything unreasonable.  I will say it's definitely harder to get a table if your party is more than 2 pp.  The fist time I went, the waitstaff was super chaotic and we waited nearly 30 min to try and flag someone down to order another glass of wine.  But, the food was out of this world so we'd figure we'd keep it on the list. The second time, however, the service was fantastic with a very friendly hostess to greet us and the waiter in the bar area making a great cocktail recommendation.  Maybe it was just a bad night the first time around.  I always have the Fish Pie, which is seasoned perfectly.  My husband usually gets what's on special and has loved each time. Definitely my neighborhood go-to for a nice Friday night!
