4 Muy delicioso! Taking up residence where JB's Restaurant used to be years and years ago, I was very excited to see that Los Reyes de la Torta would be expanding to Tempe! This restaurant serves up Mexico City cuisine, with various meaty options, some seafood (Shrimp) dishes, and a few vegetarian meals. We ventured in today, and were greeted with the buzz and bustle of a hectic opening week.   The interior is quite spacious, with warm, sunny colors and decor. There were a few people waiting in the front area for to-go orders, but we were seated promptly for sit-down service. Being my first time at a Los Reyes de la Torta location, I had to go with the Man vs. Food, Adam Richmond special: The famous Torta Del Rey ($9.50). I also tried some of the carne asada tacos.   We were served chips and salsa to start with. The salsa was thin, with good flavor and spicy heat. The torta was served sliced in half, with a large serving of crinkle-cut potato chips. It was a tall tower of meat, cheese, egg, and vegetables. When eating it, I was reminded of Adam Richmond's assessment of this sandwich on his "Best Sandwich in America" show. When you bite into the sandwich, you taste different layers of flavor and different temperature combinations depending on which section you bite into first (The sandwich is so big it's very hard to actually bite into all the layers at one time). The lower layer consists of a smattering of slow cooked beans and the roasted and breaded meats- the tastiest layer in my opinion! The middle section holds the cheese, scrambled egg, chorizo, and cured meats (Ham and hot dog). While I liked the ham and chorizo in the sandwich, the hot dog tended to overpower the other meats in the torta. The upper layer was the "cool" layer, consisting of sliced avocado and tomato. I enjoyed the combination of cool vegetables with grilled meat. However, I would have liked more of the cool ingredients to balance out all the hot ingredients. The torta itself was nicely grilled, with delicious telera bread.  The carne asada tacos were like street tacos. They had a good amount of chopped meat, cilantro, and onion on it, with some lime wedges to add more citrus flavor.  For beverages, they have a wide array of drinks to choose from (All non-alcoholic). I tried the horchata ($4), which was a little watery, but tasted freshly made and was pretty refreshing overall.  While I'm glad I tried the Torta Del Rey, it's a hefty meal. I'd definitely be interested in trying out more items from this restaurant!
4 Yay, another Los Reyes!  This one just opened day before yesterday & Robyn N. & I dropped in for lunch today to check it out.  This is a nice big place, all just redone from having been a JB's Restaurant before.  The decor is simple and there is both booth and table seating in a more modern looking and less crowded environment than at the other two locations.  The menus at the 7th Street and Indian School locations vary some from each other & so does this one.  You get chips and salsa here as you do at the Indian School location, for example, and the prices and actual names of the dishes vary a little (so you can't go by the prices on the Website).  Another issue with this location is that as of today there is no paper towel dispenser in the men's bathroom.  They only have one of those air blowers, and not even ass gaskets as an alternative to dry your hands on.  SO, after you stand there at the blower for a while you have to go get toilet paper to open the door with if you want to return to the dining room with your hands clean to eat!  Ok, onto the food:     :-)  We were started out with an 'ok' basket of tortilla chips and a little cup of tasty salsa.  I ordered a Small Shrimp Ceviche Tostada as an appetizer, & it was really good!     ($1.25)  Then it was onto a Beef Torta Norteña ($8.25) which was big and delicious!  It came with lots of relish goodies on the side, including a roasted Jalapeño Pepper, sliced radish, sliced cucumber, sautéed onion pieces and shredded lettuce.  This was a great tasting meal, and more than enough to eat!  The service was friendly and efficient as well.  I would only have them standardize the menus and pricing between the three locations (and the Website!) and add that paper towel dispenser.  As is, it still came in at a high 4 Stars for me.  Yum!     :-))
1 One Star for the food.    Service=ABSOLUTELY HORRRRRIBLE I KID YOU NOT!  I am sorry but when the first time i go in to place a to go order for our office and it takes them over an hour to process our order and get it to us and only offer us "NICE WATER"(??????) I just thought to myself thats all you could do was offer us water??? It would be one thing if we were there to sit down and eat and had no time crunch to get food.  We are used to getting huge orders from taquitos jaliscos in like 30 min or less.  I didnt get any kind of apologies or anything from the managers walking around. Can we say unprofessional?    So our second visit my BIRTHDAY.  We had a waitress with so much attitude she could make a room feel tense.  I will never return to this place after the stupid B****es wanted to eye down my mom like we had to be rushed out the door to leave just because the waitress' shift was over with. To top it off they didn't do anything like bring a dessert for my bday or anything. Not like that's the reason for my visit all I want is good food a decent enough service. If you can't provide both or 1.5 of those things bring me a dessert NAO!  I will stick to going to the phoenix location from now on.  Tempe location I hope you go out of business because of the horrendous service. It makes me so disgusted.
2 I'm willing to chalk my bad experience up to "working out the kinks", but still don't think I'll be back.  The good news: The place was packed on Friday night at dinner time. I got my food to go and the staff were very polite and accommodating. The food was hot and the salsa that came with it was great.  The bad news: I ordered a chicken torta for my husband and got beef instead. I ordered a vegetarian burrito for myself and there was A) a big piece of meat in it and B) a long hair in the center. That ended dinner pretty quickly for me.  Disappointing...I was hoping this would be a great new go-to local place.
3 I was excited to try out this new restaurant since I saw the signs go up a few weeks ago.  I've heard such good things from the other locations and saw them on man vs food.  Unfortunately like a lot of other reviewers I found the service to be sub par.  The waitress did not know many very basic questions about the menu.  I'm OK with a learning curve with this being a new restaurant but everything I asked she had to go ask someone else about.  It didn't seem she knew much about the menu.  I also felt their was a language gap as her English phrasing came across harsh and rude.  If I knew Spanish I feel the entire experience might have been better.  The food came in a reasonable amount of time and everyone enjoyed their meal.  The price was very reasonable.  Overall my only complaint was the service but I'll give them some time to iron out the service and I will come back again.
2 I had a horrible experience when I went for lunch yesterday with a friend. The table we were sat at did not have utensils and I finally grabbed some from a neighboring table. The waiter who gave us our chips and salsa pointed out which was  spicy and which was normal, although upon tasting them the normal was spicier than the supposed "spicy" which was not hot at all. It took 30 minutes to receive our food after ordering. Our waitress, although not expressly rude, had a very cold and uninviting demeanor.   However, the food was fantastic. I hope they can work on bettering their service because they do have potential to be a successful restaurant.
5 I will echo my review for their original location.  This is real Central/Southern Mexican food--del Distrito Federal.  The tortas are equivalent to (and, in some cases, much better than) those to be found in Mexico City (and yes I can say that from experience).  Their quesadillas, sopes, and huaraches are huge and are on-par with everything we've found in el D.F. and el Edo. de Michoacan.  This Tempe restaurant is much bigger and better-decorated than the Sunny Slope location, and the taste of all the food is EQUAL to (and, in some cases, better than) the first restaurant.  Being a die-hard, I was there on opening night.  The waitstaff did have a bit of a learning curve.  Management is mitigating this by shipping half of their seasoned employees down from Sunny Slope to get the new hires up to speed.  One of their main cooks has permanently transferred to Tempe--and since she is from Oaxaca, her fare is phenomenal and the culinary QC and QA are assured.  The owner/manager is from the family that owns all the locations and has assured me that he will be in Tempe permanently to ENSURE that everything is as good as (or better) than the original.  CANNOT GIVE A HIGHER RECOMMENDATION!!!   PS:  for the female who said the waitstaff gave her "attitude"--get over yourself.  I recognize you from your picture and can say that on the visit you mention your own attitude was far from professional.  "Free birthday dessert?"  Are you smoking crack?  Especially after the way you behaved?  Might want to knock that overinflated opinion of yourself down a few notches.
5 I love this place.  Authentic clean food, friendly staff and reasonable prices.  Love love love!
2 The restaurant is beautiful.  The service was lackluster.  The food was nothing to write home to mom about.  I grew up going to Mexico to visit my grandfather and we would stop in Mexico City to eat. While the style of food is there but the actual food is nothing like what they serve in Mexico City. I was very disappointed with entire meal My family was disappointed with the entire meal and then to top it off they were overpriced. That was a one-time experience, I will not go back again.
4 This place makes Mexico City style chow. Nothing fancy just simple tasty food. If you are a Paleo diet (or just low carb) check out the Nopales con Pollo..very clean eating!
3 I visited this location with a friend a few weeks ago. The food is great but the service is HORRIBLE. After being sat down no one looked at or even acknowledged us for over ten minutes. We were not even offered drinks, which was extra bad in our case because we just got super stoned. People who entered the resteraunt after us had drinks and their orders taken before us. Maybe we werent brown enough. After getting our food, our server never came back to refill drinks or make sure we were ok. A server from a different table eventually brought us water but never asked if I wanted a refill on my soda. Needless to say our server got a very very small tip. Again, the food is good and worth checking out but the service is REALLY REALLY bad.
4 My go-to place when I'm craving a torta. So glad I don't have to drive to north Phoenix anymore!
3 Make no mistake, the Del Rey torta was tasty in its own right.  But with the hype built from Man vs. Food and other reviews it was bit of a letdown.  The refried beans worked well in the torta but the other components just seemed like a big mess of meaty ingredients piled high.  Good if your looking to munch, not so much if your expecting a top-tier torta.  Mexican food in Cali has still been surprisingly better even though one could assume AZ is closer and home to the real deal. (Like the sign Los Reyes says, Real Authentic Mexico City Food)  They also serve huge drinks without alcohol....wat Hopefully they acquire their beverage license soon.
5 i love this f***kin place!!!!   you rule!!!!!!!
4 When everyone in this place is Hispanic, and we are the only Caucasians in the place we figured this has to be authentic! The food was great! The service was great! And they serve COKE, not pepsi so that is always a huge thumbs up. I had the USA Torta, which is like a sandwich, breaded chicken, ham, pineapple and cheese with a chipotle sauce, lots of food and very good...I took 1/2 home!   I had passed this place 100 times recently and the parking lot seemed always busy. We love Mexican food so I was hesitant since I remember being a kid and going to this place when it was JB's for breakfast with my grandmother. Place was great, and will for sure back to try something else.
4 Fabulous, I don't are care what anyone says.  We were seated promptly, our waiter was sweet, funny and gave great recommendations when asked.  I went for the Quesadilla Estilo del Rey con Bistec (Quesadilla with with cheese, sour cream, green salsa, cilantro, onions and steak).  I wouldn't say it was stuffed with steak, it was only a few pieces, which was a let down as it was delicious.  Their sopas are excellent--instead of the kids ordering off of the kids menu, they each had a sopa and were full.  The flan--meh, I make better at home.  Over all, I would go back to have their nopales and to try other delicious items on their menu!  Everything looked so good!
1 We turned into the parking lot a little sooner than we should have and as such we drove by a Taco Bell.  As we did so I commented that if all else fails we could go to Taco Bell.  As we drove through the lot we finally saw the place, parked and entered.  We were immediately seated and soon the chips and salsa arrived.  In short YUCK!!  Chips were stale and the salsa wasn't appreciably better.  Ordered a diet coke and tea.  In short YUCK!!  Tea went back in favor of another diet coke.  Next we ordered...2 tortas...Ranchera de pollo o res (with steak) and a Carne Asada.  As I figured out later I got the wrong sandwich (mine should have had chips but didn't) but at the end both sandwiches were the same albeit what should have been mine had cucumbers, radishes, etc vice chips.  So a couple of observations...every other Carne Asada torta I've ever had came with chopped meat vice strips (quite wide strips).  Moreover, it this is how they do it then other the sides, and as mentioned already, there was NO FRIGGIN DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWO SANDWICHES...WTF!!!!!!  As for the sandwiches themselves...YUCK!!!  There are far too many places to get a far superior torta in the Valley.  In short, I should have gone to Taco Bell.
5 Had to try the new torta place in town! I went for lunch with mom and son and had the milanesa torta. It was so yummy! The agua fresca made my day (try the mango)! The service was good and the pricing was decent. I would go back... especially for the agua fresca. Mmm!
3 Who knew they had Adam from Man vs. Food? Overall I was rather impressed with this place.  I wasn't even hungry when we came in.  Been back twice now and we like this place. You should try one of their specialty drinks.  We split the Esquimo and it was delish. More like a refreshing chocolate shake.
4 had the Arizona Torta it was pretty good, but i wish they had fries not chips..
4 My wife and I are hailing to the Kings.  This place specializes in Mexico City cooking, and in particular, the torta sandwich.  LOTS of different kinds of tortas  My wife and I are vegetarians, and generally do not eat tortas.  However, there are a variety of other dishes here that will keep us coming back.  BIG portions!  CHEAP!  They don't serve enchiladas or chile rellenos, but they do have great burritos with a distinct flavor.  Their chocoflan also makes a fantastic sweet end to a meal.  If you're looking for authentic Mexico City flavor, this is the place and the locals know it.  Service is generally friendly, the place is clean, and there is always futbol on the television when you sit down.  Highly recommended.  Los Reyes de la Torta:  GOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
4 This was a tough review.  They advertise Mexico City cuisine, to me it was pretty much Sonoran. The food was very tasty, I had a torta where the bread was dipped in a guarillo sauce. The problem with it was that it was all bread with very little filling, but I still loved the flavors.  The place is pretty big with not much crowd. I hope they make it. They would probably have been better off in a smaller establishment.
5 When i lived in Arizona, i always traveled to their North Phoenix location.  Recently i was in Tempe and realized they opened one there.  The food was just as good and i was so happy to have my favorite Torta the Nortena Steak Torta! I can't wait to visit again when i'm in town.
2 I was really excited to try this place after seeing this restaurant on Man v. Food. I'm going to get down to the point. This place was totally not worth it. It took about an hour before we were able to order our food after being seated, My friend ordered a margarita and they failed to tell us that they did not have their liquor license yet and it was going to be a virgin margarita. I ordered their asada burrito with red sauce on top and it was horrible. There was barely any meat but a lot of fat and chewy pieces inside. I can honestly say that I've had a better asada burrito at Filiberto's. Our waiter was young but nice. I probably won't come back.
4 Had the shrimp plate. Really very good. went back a second time and was very disappointed.  I don't remember the reason.  but I'll go again.
3 Overpriced tortas!! I asked for "torta de Milanesa" and I got just a regular torta, nothing special in it and was not impressed by the size, 8 dollars for a torta is just too expensive, I can get the same thing at Ranch Market for 6 dlls, not planning on returning to this joint any time soon....
4 Food was very good.  Service was excellent.  Tried one of the mini-tortas.  Will definitely go back to try some other things on the menu.
4 I've ordered food to go from here several times and have never been disappointed in the least! The food is fantastic, especially the shrimp burrito, my personal fave. I've had the veggie burro too and that was pretty good. The staff is ok. Some of them are really nice but there are a few that are kinda shitty. Ignore them, just eat :)   I love the grilled onion, lime, radishes, etc. that they add as a garnish. I can't wait to go again.
3 Food was good but the pork was a little dry on the Del Ray. I would like to try something else next time.
4 Not quite as good as the main location, but still kicks ass!  My only critique is that they don't serve a complimentary chunky salsa along with their hot salsa.    Get the agua fresca, try an appetizer (we like the queso dip w mushrooms) and finish with one of the many Torta options they have.    Personally, I love anything with steak at Los Reyes.  If they cool it fresh, it's incredible and very authentic!  My wife had the steak fajita plate thing and I had the steak Torta.  Her steak was obviously fresher and hotter.. Absolutely delicious!!!  Mine was warm, but not quite as freshly cooked.  Still tasty as hell, but I wish they were more consistent.  They have some cool fresh fruit options here.  Both in the agua fresca and in their dessert options.  Not too pricy either!  NOTE:  The main location was featured on Man vs Food (Food Network),  Adam had the loaded Torta (forgot the name but you'll see it!)
5 Los Reyes is too awesome. first we went i had the Plato de Alambre de Camaron which is the grilled shrimp plate,and the Coctel de Cameron 'grande"..  which is a large shrimp cocktail. soooo good i had to go back 2 days later and had the shrimp cocktail again and a grilled steack and onion burro. my girlfriend had a chicken torta.  it was hella good!!!! next time i go gonna try the tacos......
2 Sometimes you are just craving Mexican food and want to try someplace new. Well I wouldn't recommend this place. They do not serve alcohol, which is weird because who doesn't want a margarita with their tacos? The menu is very confusing and even shows drinks, but they are all non-alcoholic. The service was very slow and not very good. The whole experience was mediocre, which is disappointing because I love Mexican food. A LOT!
5 Loved it. I had a torta and mango agua cremosa delicious. We were stuffed. Service was pretty good and friendly the environment they've created is quite cozy. Overall I loved it an will be back again. Kudos!  PS: My aunt is from Mexico City and coming here reminded me of her food.
4 I've been to the first location several times. People complained there about the building, the lack of ventilation and all that. Here they don't have those issues as the building is very large and open.   The food is great, not as good as I remember the same food being at the other location but I wasn't as hungry this time either so it may have just been me.   This place gave us tortilla chips and hot sauce when we sat down. I jokingly asked my wife where the potato chips were like we had at the other location. Later when I got my torta I got my potato chips and laughed about it. The guacamole was good but spicy. Most other places don't have spicy guacamole. So remember if the hot sauce is too hot eating guacamole to cool down your mouth will just make it worse.   The place wasn't very busy and the waitress was very nice and attentive. The food came quickly and you could tell was freshly made. I'll be back as this location is much closer to work and home.
5 So amazing! I grew up on my grandmother's authentic Mexican food, and this is a close second. We have been here multiple times and every time it's delicious and staff is friendly. Free chips and delicious homemade salsa. Will definitely be back, again and again.
5 Service was good and food was awesome. I got the steak Tacos with rice and beans.  The tacos were great and it was a  lot of food. I would recommend it if your in the area.
4 Awesome food. Love this place. I would recommend you give them a chance. I have been to the one in Phoenix and a buddy of mine told me to try tis one out and I was glad I did.
4 I had dinner here last night after it being on my bookmarks for awhile and I was very pleased with my meal. We were greeted immediately and seated in a booth. Our server was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. We snacked on the chips and salsa they brought out and I am in love with their red salsa. It is very spicy but I could not stop eating it. Their other salsa was good as well. I decided on the Mexicana Torta (grilled steak, guac, onions, jalapeños) with horchata and I really liked it. I ended up adding some of the red salsa, but on its own it was good and flavorful. I am already thinking about when I will go back again to try something else.
5 We've always had GREAT service here - the wait staff is extremely child-friendly. Our waiter the other night brought our daugter a cup of water with a pink umbrella in it and told her he made it special for her because she's a special little girl. Unbelievable! You just don't get that anymore in restaurants!  Anyway - we were seated immediately upon entering on a Friday night. Surprised the place wasn't more packed than it was... we've been here before and love their food.   Salsa was immediately brought to our table and we're big fans of their salsa. Simple, flavorful and authentic.   I almost always order the small Norteno Torta - I adore the flavor and texture combinations and their bolillo bread is so soft and fluffy and flavorful!  My little girl ordered the hamburguesa (or as she calls it, a hang-gubber). We each managed to sneak a bite of it - and it's a mighty fine burger indeed! I may one day try just a burger!  My husband asked our water to "go authentic" on him - he left his choice up to the waiter and our waiter did NOT disappoint. A plate full of seasoned beef, some nopales, rice and beans and fresh tortillas. He loved it.   Big fans - we'll go back again and again!
5 Food is great! : ) Prices are great too!
4 I've been here twice and have throughly enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is clean and staff is very friendly. They serve you chips and salsa while you wait for your food, but our meals were ready within 10 minutes! The portion size was also  very generous.The food was tasty and the staff always checked to make sure we were happy and our drinks were filled. My only wish is that they served alcoholic beverages. I will definitely be back!
4 First time here and all i can say is that i liked it a lot...  We were driven here after watching the show Man vs Food.  The Torta del Rey is awesome and huge...  The Mango "agua fresca" wasnt that good due that the mango wasnt in season so it was a bit sour...  Service from the waitress was excellent..  In general, its the most mexican like food i've tasted here in AZ...
5 The service was great! Horchata was awesome and the tacos were also great!  We got some quesadillas and some enchiladas ( different than az mex food) It's not your typical American Mexican food you would find at Manuel's or macayos, it's actually real Mexican food from Mexico City.    I really liked. The tortas are huge here!!   I don't know is they brought me out 2 tacos by accident or not, but they said I could just have then as a "regalo ".  The restaurant is kept super clean and the service was awesome.   As we were leaving one of the waiters gave is a discount coupon to come back! I will be back here again!!
4 Los Reyes De La Torta 1528 E. Southern Avenue Tempe, 85282  I arrived at the restaurant at 11:30, and was seated immediately. The girl seating me noted that the sun was coming in through the windows at the front of the place, and she opted to seat me at a table that would not be in the direct sun light. This was to be the beginning of a nice lunch!  Within a few minutes of my sitting down, I was greeted by my waiter, provided with what I think were homemade chips and two different salsas, as well as 3 different menus. The first menu was the lunch special menu, the second menu was an assortment of drinks on one side and desserts on the other side, and the third menu was their regular menu.  The waiter was prepared for me to take my time ordering, but I opted to order immediately, asking for an item that was not on the menu. I ordered a Lengua Burrito enchilada style with green chili on it. My waiter didn't bat an eye, but did compliment me on my Spanish! LOL.   I started in on the chips, and found them to be delicious, as were both of the salsas. While both exhibited some heat, one was definitely a bit hotter than the other, though both had excellent flavor and body. None of that thin, watery stuff here.  In short order, my burrito arrived. Large, soft, and swimming in a pool of green chili with a little crema squirted over it. It was so good I emptied my entire plate. I also ordered a Tostada de Ceviche in the appetizer size just to try it. As with the burrito, it too was excellent and a nice size just to try it.  Of interest is that the menu contains proteins that are not usually found in most Mexican/American restaurants, including Lengua (tongue), Buche (pork belly), Cabeza (beef head), and Pierna (pork sirloin). I found that the way the menu was designed, every dish was listed both with a full English description as well as a Spanish description.   The only think I did not care for was the televisions all tuned to a different Spanish language station. They took away from the atmosphere, which would have been a lot nicer had there been some good mariachi music in the background instead.  The place was spotlessly clean, and service was excellent. I hope they continue to keep up this level of food and service, because this is one of the very best Mexican style restaurants I have eaten in in this state.  4 stars for excellent food, good cleanliness, and good service
4 Great food and service! Have not had a good torta since I lived in San Diego, I think I found my new place!
4 I've been here several times and in have to say the food is pretty good and the staff is very friendly. I've tried the Torta del Rey (about $9) and it is packed with meat, eggs, ham and many other yummy things that make it a gigantic Mexican sandwich.  I would split this with another person as it is big, unless of course you have lots of room for the entire yummy Torta.   I've also had the Carne Asada mini tacos ($5.99 for 3) served with cucumbers, lettuce and radish slices. These are good if you're not feeling extremely hungry.   There are many things on the menu including seafood and the regular burritos and typical Mexican dishes you would expect to find.  You MUST try the "aguas naturales" ($4) which are made with natural fruit right when you order them.  The strawberry and cantaloupe are my favorite.
5 The King Sandwich (King Carlos V) is a smargasbord of Sin and Delight!  So huge and yummy.  I hadn't had anything that good in this category in ages.  Some sirloin pork, pork chops, hot dog, other fried meats, omelet, and avocado.  It is $25 and enough to feed two hungry men or possibly 4 casual eaters depending on if they had chips and salsa first.  Good quality salsa.
5 Chilaquiles had a good sauce, salsa was great. Service warm. Carne asada tacos were delicious. I had mango agua fresca and it delivered
4 First time here, food was good, service was good.
5 Boom. This place is awesome if you are looking for a huge heart clogging sandwhich. Yummmmm
5 So amazing! It was so good I couldn't stop eating. The customer service was excellent! :) they make these big pretty fruity drinks too. Their homemade tortillas are out of this world. I just wish they served alcohol. I will be back.
5 Having been to the Phoenix location months ago, I brought my Mexican-food-craving girlfriend here the other night for a good, filling meal. We arrived and were seated despite the late hour (past 8pm on a Sunday), among two or three other occupied tables.    Our waiter, Oscar, was quick with the humor and very amiable. We had the (huge) Botana de Camaron (ceviche, cocktail shrimp, cucumber/tomato/avocado) plate - $12 - to start and enjoyed how refreshing and tasty that was before my Torta Del Rey (5 different meats, an egg, avocado, cheese, etc) - $10 - and my girlfriend's chorizo (made in-house) tacos - $6.25 - were served to the table*.    *Warning: bring a healthy appetite as all of these dishes are made to satisfy.    Finished off with a slice of Tres Leches cake on the house ($5 - Mail Coupon, Thanks Oscar!) and it was sweet dreams from then on...    TL;DR: Great spot for Mexican food in the Tempe area, excellent staff at this location... Come hungry!
3 Ok I'm not sure how to review this place because I think I made an error in my food order. I tried the Torta Del Ray as this seems to be the popular sandwich.  The positive: it was huge. Good choice if you are hungry.... And a carnivore.  The negative: huge mishmash of meats with flavors that weren't complimentary of one another. I did not understand the addition of hotdogs onto this sandwich- seems more like they are going for being eclectic rather than flavorful.  Salsa was rather bland. Our server was very attentive and friendly. Would go back for the smoothies- lots of fun, yummy non-alcoholic beverages.  Would be nice if they served alcohol too!!
5 This food is delicious & the service is excellent! I've been coming to this place for several months now & they never disappoint. They serve menudo on the weekends & every friend I have recommended to go there has enjoyed it. Just wish they would buy a liquor license but the virgin drinks are still good. (:
4 Your juices and bombas are divine and the service is superb. The torta was a bit spicy for my taste, but I bet there are people out there who absolutely love the heat. I'll go for something a bit milder next time. I had no idea this little gem was hidden down here in Tempe. Must repeat visit.
2 Not worth the hype. All the praise must be from people who don't know good Mexican food. The torta at Los Toquitos is hands down better. Sad to say, even Filibertos torta is probably better. The beans taste like doctored up canned beans and the rice is very plain. Good Mexican food in the Phoenix area is Guadalajara Comedor, Poncho's on S. Central, Los Toquitos and Rosita's Place on McDowell. Los Reyes, take a que from them.
1 my cousins and i were gong to go here but we were turned away because of my service dog. i guess in tempe the laws don't matter to some establishments?
3 Don't get the hype. A Man vs. Food challenge obviously gave this place loads of attention, which is why we tried it.   Good stuff overall, but didn't meet the hype for me.
4 This place has the best Mexican food. My boyfriend and I were both so happy with what we got. Also, the salsa is to die for and the price is reasonable. We will definitely be back for more!
