5 Lisa is the best!  My boyfriend and I had to go out of town for a wedding and we had no idea what to do with our 4 furry kids (cats). We'd never used a pet sitter before, so we spent a lot of time researching who to use. After several phone calls and checking each pet sitter's website we decided to go with Lisa.  The first time Lisa came over for her initial meeting we knew that we'd made the right choice. She was so sweet with the kids. She was also very professional, finding out all of the details for our feeding regimen and supplement/medication needs.  While we were out of town she sent us daily emails with reports and pictures. It gave us peace of mind and we looked forward to each one. When we got home the kids looked great they had been brushed out (so they weren't shedding everywhere haha) and the litter box was clean and tidy.  We're really glad we found LIsa and now we don't have to worry about what do to whenever we go out of town! Thanks Lisa!
5 Lisa is AMAZING! I went out of the Country for 3 weeks and she took such great care of my baby Andy! She communicated with me on a daily basis. Andy is an older dog and he started limping on his front paw, she called my friend to discuss options and followed up took photos sent videos. I could not have chosen a better care giver for Andy. She made me feel so comfortable just as if she was a family member watching him.   I have never written a review before for anyone. I would highly recommend her to take care of your pets. She is the best person I have ever found. I feel blessed and extremely lucky and you will feel the same.
5 Had to go out of town again in July (this review is a little late) for about 2.5 weeks.  Lisa is still amazing!  The kids were well taken care of when we were gone.  She even left a toy for them when we got back!  She updated us with emails and pictures every day to give us peace of mind.  The house was exactly how we left it and mail was picked up.  We no longer have to worry about the kids when on vacation as we know they (and the house) will be well taken care of.   Def give her a call on your next trip out of town.  You can pm me with any other questions.
