5 Mike recently represented me after I was injured in a car accident. He took the time to answer all questions I had, and guided me through every step of the process. Being in an accident is very overwhelming and it helped tremendously having someone I could trust on my side. He was honest and didn't over-promise what he thought he could do for me, which I appreciated. Best of all, the settlement was more than I expected! Thanks Mike!
5 Mike Kane recently represented me in a case.  He was very professional in his approach.  This was my first time dealing with the legal system.  Mike did a great job explaining the process step-by-step and making sure I was comfortable with how he was presenting my case.  I would definitely recommend Mike to anyone.  Thanks Mike!
5 Roger Bailey  helped my husband  regarding his   Case and the out come was very. Expressive   We don't  know how to thank you so much for your. Time.  Thanks again  Claudia Langley
5 This is a great firm with really knowledgeable attorneys and staff that I can't recommend enough.  Don't get put off by the fact that these attorneys look young or that their office is a quaint older home rather than a multi million dollar complex because they really do a great job and have loads of experience.  One attorney used to be a defense attorney at a big Las Vegas civil defense firm and the other was a form owner of Half Price Lawyers, so they definitely know their stuff.    Right now they are handling a case for a family member who was involved in a rear end accident.  The insurance company refused to pay anything even though there was considerable damage to his car AND he had to seek medical treatment for several weeks.  The702Firm took the case and they are pushing the insurance company to be fair.  So far, so good!    They told me during the initial consultation that they handle everything from speeding tickets to more serious criminal cases, as well as personal injury (car accidents and slips and falls).  Thankfully I haven't needed them for any criminal issues!    Great attorneys, I highly recommend.
5 I have never come across a more responsive and helpful law firm.  I called at 8:30 pm in the evening and promptly got a returned call within 15 minutes.  They were extremely helpful and kind (very unusual for attorneys).  I would recommend this firm to anyone and everyone.  Impeccable service.
5 Easy to deal with from a distance, highly recommended!  They were sry thorough in their handling of my case, and transparent throughout the process.  It was sry comforting given the fact that I am not in the LV area.
5 Jeff Temple is a hero, I would give him 10 stars if I could. He answers his phone 24-7. Have direct access to him, don't need to go through voice prompts or be screened by receptionists. He knows his stuff, is on the ball with timelines, communicates effectively to update and follow up, and most of all he gets results!!  Thank you Jeff!!
