5 I was driving around and saw this place before it even opened and thought I should give it a try. I went a couple days ago and had the Shabu-Shabu. I'm not a big fan of side dishes but this place was different. They were so good it made me feel right at home. The shabu shabu came with vegetables and beef. The decoration was pretty and the meat melted in my mouth. YUM! The portions may not seem so big but once you start eating it's as if the food never disappears. The waitress asked if I wanted rice or if I wanted porridge after. I said I wanted the porridge. I was almost done with my meal and asked them to do one bowl of rice. Let me tell you the porridge is TO DIE FOR. It was SOOOOOOOO goood. I thought one bowl would be too little but my friend and I were so full we had leftovers. I figured that my bill would be like $50 but nope only $23.22. I will DEFINITELY be going back there.
5 nice!LOVE... I love this place not only food but also service.... the food is really nice price and delicious side dishes
5 Visited from California and looked for a KBBQ place in Las Vegas, found this place and loved it! Ordered the brisket plate and was delicious!!! Side dishes were so plentiful...highly recommended for awesome korean bbq =)
5 I eat at plenty of Korean restaurants and I never ever write reviews but for the first time, I feel compelled to write one, although, I'll keep it short and simple. I ordered the Shabu-Shabu and was amazed! The side dishes come aplenty and are tasty. The staff are open and friendly.   You can bet that I'll come back here again and again!
4 SHABU! And the price is not bad too!  SHABU is is 9.99 per person and has to have a minimum of two people for the order. Meat is a decent portion but I order more which was only 5.99 more. SESAME SEED sauce ! Side dishes were pretty good too! Great kimchi!  For sure got to come back and try BBQ
5 I enjoyed the customer service and the shabu shabu tastes greater than other places I have been to. Liked it even more that it was already prepared broth unlike California shabu shabu that was just water. I would say I would come back here again and try some of their other dishes they have.
5 I came here with my husband and kids. We had Kimchi Chigae, yuk ge Jang and mandu guk. We love this restaurant! Our total bill is $32 - very reasonable price. The owner and our waitress were very nice. We don't live around here otherwise I can see myself coming here regularly  but next time we're in Vegas we'll surely come back.   Bring this feeling that we're back in Korea!
4 This restaurant is clustered with other Korean restaurants and markets in an older strip mall just south of Sahara Blvd. I ordered ojingo pogum. My meal was ready quickly.   The squid was over cooked, but the flavor was great with lots of fresh vegetables.  The pan chan included 7 dishes.  The waitress checked back multiple times  to make sure my needs were taken care of.   Great place except for the ambiance due to the dated decor. Go for the food.
5 Great korean bbq!  I came here late on a Friday night (9pm) on the way back from picking up my boyfriend at the airport. We were the only ones there and initially I felt like we were keeping them from closing, but they were very accommodating and friendly. We went for the "good choice" meat platter which was brisket, short ribs, chicken and pork belly. A LOT of meat, but it was so good we finished it all! I believe it was about $35 which I felt was a good price for the amount of food. The employees cooked the meat for us at our table - not sure if they always do it for you or if they just did it since we were the only ones there. They also give you like 8 side dishes, and for the most part they were pretty good.  The area where this restaurant is located looks a bit shady, but that's quickly forgotten when you taste the food!
1 very disappointed, food are not fresh at all. Really should leave at the time when we arrived there and found no one else in there. The taste was bad.
5 The food was really good & the girl was really polite And sufficient with her time. Prices are very fair. Yummy yummy!! I'm from Seattle and there are a lot more korean bbq spots out there, but the quality and service was equal to that! Thanks!
4 The bulgogi shabu shabu was delicious and their banchan was too, but I definitely felt discriminated against because I don't exactly look Asian! Our server asked us if we were "both okay using chopsticks." A reasonable question if neither of you are Asian, but seeing as how my boyfriend is obviously 100% Korean... I immediately knew this question was directed soley to me.  Yes, "we" are okay using chopsticks. The server took it a step further though and explained that their metal chopsticks might be more slippery than what I'm used to so if I'd prefer the wooden ones they were available too....as if I don't have a whole drawer full of pretty Korean metal chopsticks at home that I regularly eat with.  Little girl... do you really think this is my first time eating Asian food? LOL I bet I watch more Kdrama than you too!!!! :D
1 Here is the summary: Service - awful Food taste - good Food presentation - good  Overall experience - bad I won't come back nor will I recommend the place.  Want details? Here it is: the lady who served us barely spoke english, did not care much or both. I know this because I told her several times not to put noodle in my soup because I am allergic to wheat. I didn't expect her to understand "gluten sensitive" but "no noodle" should be a no brainer. She still brought a stew full of noodle and I had to fish it out. We waited for a long time for them to bring the food so I did not send it back. As a result I spent a lot more time on the toilette a lot more often that night that I usually do or want to.  The food was good taste wise I would give it 4.5 out of 5. But overall experience was pretty bad. I wish I spent my money elsewhere.
5 From an American married to a Korean perspective:  Ponchon is the best in Las Vegas.   Portions are good.   Food is good.   Shabu shabu for two is great.   Prices are slightly lowest in town.
5 I came back and once again I am beyond satisfied.  I absolutely LOVE this place. They added a new menu with buckwheat noodles. The spicy bibim naeng myun is my favorite. This time around we had two shabu shabu one bibim naeng myun and one bulgogi. I loce how this place is always the same. It almost makes me feel as if I am back in Korea. Tastes a lot like homemade food. YUMMMMMMM.... Service was AHHHHMAZING they take such good care of us I most definitely will be back again. I can't believe a place like this does not have more reviews. I hope this place picks up because I hate to see a place like this go to waste. (:
3 I came here during my visit in Vegas this past weekend with my brother and sister-in-law. We are a huge fan of Korean BBQ so we wanted to try it. We're from SoCal where the rice is an extra charge for AYCE and usually we're used to having rice paper served with the other side dishes, but the rice included was quite a good surprise. The food is worth it but the only negative thing I would say is that the variety of their dipping sauces for the brisket is only limited to one (olive oil and salt). But other than that, everything else is excellent!
5 Really really good Korean restaurant in Vegas. We had shabu shabu and kimchi jjigae. After you're finished with shabu shabu (Korean style), they make a porridge with left over broth. Bomb. Highly recommend.
4 The server was attentive and friendly. The ban chan was so yummy. I didn't know what this side dish was...she went ahead to find out. Bellflowers are yummy.
4 I'm such a hot pot fan and this on has a pretty good deal. Definitely recommend it if your a Shabu Shabu fan. It's has more of a korean twist.   The only reason it's not a 5 is cuz there's not too much variety but don't mistake that for negativity. If I lived here if go all the time.   Food 5 stars Atmosphere 4 ( we were the only one there so it seems odd at first but we love it.) Service 5 (they're super nice)
5 The hot pot and shabu shabu here is great....we tried another place in henderson and I have to say I am pleased with this spot....Our server was great she was helpful with explaining to us about their dishes. We tried the seafood dish and it was awesome.....if your looking for a low key great Korean food place....This is the spot
