3 Coffee and a bagel. What can go wrong? Nothing. Happily eaten between flights. Typical Peets airport café. It has all the basics from coffee to sandwiches at fairly reasonable prices (for an airport).   Small peeve - wish they would actually butter the toasted bagel rather than directing me to the condiments counter where I can wait for the butter patties to defrost before spreading on the bagel.  Adds to confusion with everyone trying to reach the smallest space to put milk in their coffee and go, while I struggle with frozen butter.
2 1st of all, those wanting plain coffee are put in line waiting just like the complicated orders. While waiting, at least 3 orders were called twice, including ours. Waited 5 minutes in line to order and add'l 5 for coffee. Not good in an airport. Need a better system.
1 Awful process. Had to wait for a cup of coffee after paying. Need to pour plain coffee when you pay like Starbucks does. We want Starbucks back!
1 Limited selection. For once, I'm wondering where is the Starbucks. I should have walked down to the other gate of the terminal to the closest Starbucks.. When I asked the worker about the selection of pastries, she had no idea what the names are. Or the prices.  They do have some hot steamy items for sale around $9 hot sandwiches but for that price, LGO would be a better choice around the corner with a wider selection of tasty food.  Just a generic coffee place. Walk 500 feet down the terminal to Starbucks for coffee. Walk 20 feet to LGO for food. I think LGO might have coffee too. Actually, just don't go to this place.  Oh yeah, pastry wasn't that good and coffee was meh..
3 Finally, a coffee shop that carries Almond Milk! I was starting to think I was the only one asking for it :D  Then I went crazy reckless, high on my new discovery, and said YES to making my chai latte a PUMPKIN chai latte. It wasn't my fave, lol. I've had their normal chai & those are good though. Next time I'll stop at the almond milk :)  I also really like that they have a really large variety of KIND bars. I love those things & they are perfect to have in your purse when you are flying/traveling. I got 4! Always prepared ;)
5 Grew up going to Peet's. I Iove them. Sure, almost as pricey as Starbucks, but I like their coffee better. I like their staff better...too ;). Their pastries are delicious. If you like nice strong coffee, try it here.
4 This place made me and my boyfriend's super long layover here in Phoenix Sky Harbor airport actually quite enjoyable. The service was quick, there were about 4 people ahead of us but didnt take very long at all to get to the front and a few moments later, our drinks were ready. The place has plenty of seats with a long table in the middle of the cafe with multiple outlets to charge. About 10 leather lounge seats along the wall. Drinks were delicious, went with the holiday hot peppermint mochas. Also bought the peppermint dark chocolate bark. Yum!  To note: now that I have been here a few more times during other layovers, my drinks have been consistently delicious.
3 I have to say that these guys are pretty fast with there orders. I mean I just got a ice coffee but it came out in like a minute. All the people on front if me got there orders before me as well. Maybe they just have a good system. They also keep this small corner pretty clean which is nice compared to the rest of the airport. Minus a couple stars because one, there finger foods are super pricy here. Second, idk if the lady who took my order even looked me in the face. I expected a little more human interaction than what I got and what the people in front if me got. But still nice place to wait for another flight.
4 Try gingerbread latte yum.  This is the best looking, most comfortable airport coffee shop I've ever been in !!!  Big comfy chairs with little tables. A big water container with cups in the restaurant away from the congestion of the order counter.    Friendly , happy workers equals happy customers.  I know you can't please everyone, but at 5am a room full of happy airline travelers is a hard thing to come by.    If your in need of coffee in Phoenix Sky Harbor , terminal 3 be sure to stop by and take a load off !!
3 Can I get a cup of tea that is a temperature other than scalding?!  I prefer to stop here as opposed to Starbucks because I think Tazo tea sucks. But I have to wait about 25 minutes until I can drink my tea from Peet's because it could cause a blistering burn. It had been a year since I had last been here and so I think the leather seats are new. There's a charging station right by here too.  It is a rather busy area in the airport so some of the food items will go quickly.
2 Coffee is great but sandwiches are horrible. Be sure to try any seasonal drink specials. Better than the Starbucks at Sky Harbor though.
1 the place was dirty floor, condiments were sticky and empty.....crumbs on chairs...and the freaking tea is too hot!!! even with the insulated cuff..i can barely hold it...wont go back....
1 So I was at the airport and was in the mood for some coffee before the flight. So I decided to stop by Peet's coffee shop. I asked for a white chocolate mocha. I wanted it with almond milk because I'm lactose intolerant. The first coffee they gave me was a chocolate mocha. I can tell they used regular skim milk, it was in a gallon milk jug with a blue lid. I told them I got a white chocolate mocha, they then proceeded to make me a white chocolate mocha. They used skim milk again, I can easily tell the difference between whole milk,  2%, skim mill, soy and almond milk.  as soon as I took a sip I can tell it was skim milk.  I didn't bother going back, so that is why I'm writing this review.
4 Everytime i see a Peets and I'm not in Berkley CA i am really excited. Delicious as usual. No line! If youre stuck in pheonix use their comphy seating to kill an hour ...or 3.
3 Spotted in due to flight delay. The big comfy brown lawyer seats is what attracted me in. I figured I could get some work done. I ordered a non fat vanilla iced tea. It was pretty good. I noticed the prices were a lil bit more expensive.
