4 I went here because I was in town and I had previously worked with Matt, the manager of this firestone, at a different location.  Matt takes a consultative look at things and doesn't try to sell you a completely new car. I was on a fairly tight budget and he helped me pick out the things that were top priority for my Saab. Normally, I take it to Concours in Milwaukee, which is the worst experience ever), but since Saab went bankrupt, there's really no benefit.  Also, I was on a fairly tight time frame. For the most part, I had my car back when I needed it back and he also informed me that he didn't replace the pair on my headlights because he was afraid it would possibly create a longer wait time and more problems I couldn't afford to address at the time. While some people might find that annoying, I found it incredibly helpful and in the customers best interest. Knowing corrosion on my right headlamp could affect the electrical components of both and result in a higher cost, he chose not to risk it given the information he had about me.  I'll definitely be back.
2 I was here to have a tire changed due to a nail that had gotten stuck.  The staff was not professional and the tire was overpriced as I found out later.  They also tried to up sell me on a tire rotation and a few other things.   Chain store service, maybe you'll get someone know actually knows what they're doing but I will definitely not be back.
1 For charged $47 just to have my vehicle inspected, only to be told that to replace the water pump in my car would cost $1200 and require 8 hours of labor.  I decided to get a second opinion from a local mechanic who was able to make all the repairs for $604. Never going back to Firestone again.
5 They have helped me out several times now when I've been in a bind, and each time it was a very pleasant experience. Able to get in when I need to and fast, nice waiting area with tv, comfy seats and air conditioning, and the female staff person who checks you in is the friendliest and nicest customer service person I've ever met. Her positive attitude really makes the situation that much better seeing as I don't want to be there in the first place, and then there's always the bad news of the cost (it's never good). I've been looking for an auto repair place where I'm not talked down to or visually molested by a male mechanic or manager. Will come here exclusively from now on.
