5 JayneeBell Salon is a new salon owned by Michele DuVall.  Michele is pretty amazing...she has been doing nails for 20 years and decided that she really needed to become a Cosmetologist to fulfill the beauty needs of her clients. I have been a regular nail and pedicure client of Michele's for several years and happily moved into her stylist chair as soon as she opened JayneeBell.  So far I've had a great cut, color, highlights, Brazilian blowout, and she styled me for a very important Black Tie Event...and she still does my gel manis and pedicures. My husband and teenage son have stopped in for hair cuts, too.    Although Michele is a busy girl, she will bend over backward to fit you in.  I am very happy that she is doing more than just nails! Cute shop and very personal service.
5 Michelle Duvall is amazing.  I love my nails.  She did a pink and white back fill and I'm not the easiest cline to please.  I normally go home and refile my nails the way I want them done.  I like thatshe was punctual and even finished me in less then 50 min!  I pre poked my next appointment and am sending my friends to her.  Thanks Michelle.
5 A friend of mine has BEAUTIFUL hair and I finally asked her one day where she has it done.  She directed me to Michelle so I scheduled an appointment and went in and had highlights/lowlights and a cut.   Michelle was fantastic.   I'm pretty picky about color especially and have tried several folks in the valley and have never been more pleased.  Highly recommend her!
5 Michelle is an ABSOLUTE rockstar!  It is true she is so "Glam that she sweats glitter!" (Its posted on her station!)  This review is for the last 8 months, countless haircuts, styles, highlights, and overall gossip sessions (the good kind.)  I felt conflicted  when I was there sharing my secret weapon in beauty with others (I didn't want to fight for an appointment,) but I wanted to tell the world how amazing she is!  When I initially found Michelle and JayneeBell I was doing a Yelp search in my area for a hair cut.  I needed a therapy cut-meaning I was stressed and emotional and needed a change!  She not only was able to fit me in for an appointment that same day but took the time to really get to know me when I came in.  I gave her full creative license over my hair and man did she WOW!  She kept layers, and even highlighted my hair in November.  I should note this highlight appointment in November was after a night of drinking, she looked out for me, kept me hydrated and even used "hangover voices" in the salon.  She would always remind me the day before of my appointment and was understanding if I had to postpone my appointment.  I have had some of the best shampoos (and most relaxing) I have ever had here.  I ALWAYS left relaxed and feeling fabulous!!  I can't say enough good things about Michelle and her staff!  I was lucky enough to have my hair done by this amazing chica!  If I ever become rich and need a stylist-I am flying this home girl out to the east coast!!    I write this now because I have moved away from Scottsdale and I want everyone to go to Michelle!  You wont regret one minute of this experience!!  (She's so amazing that I cried at my last appointment with her a few weeks back!)  Thank you for my amazing hair and being an awesome person!
5 Michelle is awesome! Super location with posh decor; and most importantly A+ service. On-time appointments, funny, warm conversation, and how handy is that getting  my hair touched up AND a manicure at the same time. Thanks for a great experience, it will be my new go-to for sure!
5 Michelle was great - she is super nice and her prices are awesome! The woman who did my shellac manicure did a great job. I bought the manicure off of Amazon Local and when I was in the salon I bought 3 more! Very happy I found this salon. :)
