1 We are currently renting a house that is managed by Swan's Realty and Property Management. This has been by far the WORST property management company I have ever encountered. Every place I have ever rented from has been reasonable, willing to work with my schedule for inspections, and quick to fix major repairs like a broken AC in 120+ degree heat.....NOT SWANS REALTY.   The owner and his assistant are unprofessional on a level I have never seen. They don't take requests for maintenance seriously. We had our AC break in the summer multiple times, the heater didn't work in the winter, a major leak in the ceiling in our closet, another major leak in the kitchen ceiling, and there was no urgency to fix any of these things.   They had the stucco on the house painted by a contractor. They left a huge mess in the backyard where I keep my two dogs. I called to complain and they just blew me off. This a major health hazard for animals and I would have thought they would at least make a note of my concerns.  Any time they want to come over they demand we meet their scheduling, but they are unwilling to work around our work schedules 90% of the time. I have no doubt that the other comment is completely correct.  This company is a shady operation. RENT AT YOUR OWN RISK.
1 So drama never ends with this company we had a scheduled walked through last Sunday at 2pm we were told to have the carpets professionally cleaned and to provide a receipt which we did.  They had an inspector arrive he said he had 18 pages to cover and it might take him 3-4 hrs to go through the house.....Seriously we didn't buy this house we rented it and we cleaned it from top to bottom.  The inspector said he had to take pictures of every single nick and scratch and document it. Also when he was finished inside he had to take pictures outside. I can see this is there way of trying to keep our security deposit. Why are we responsible for normal wear tear of a house we don't own. We took pictures of every room because we knew we would be up against this issue. If they try to keep our deposit I am going to contact the news 3 on your side and also the Real Estate Board and BBB it is clearly NOT right that they can do this to us. We have rented many houses and all of our landlords love us because we actually keep the house very clean we don't have any pets and we don't smoke we are clearly dream renters. We have no idea how  this company can get away with this I would just forewarn everyone not to rent from Swans they will not take care of you..........
1 Swans was ridiculous to be associated with from start to end. To start, my move in was contingent upon a pest control spray (which they assured me was kept up even when house was vacant) and deep cleaning. Took them 3 weeks to tell me which company they had been working with for this house. At one point, mr swan became angered on our phone call and he hung up on me and when I called back he said "are you done talking now?" When i called pest control, they had not serviced the house for 7 MONTHS. He sent some very sad looking people to do the cleaning and when they got,there they said they were only for "spot cleaning "  i distanced my communication with swan once i realized how he did business.   When time to move out came, i was sent an email april 2nd saying i needed to submit a confirmation that i didn't want to continue my rental agreement by april 1st and if not received in time, i had to pay an additional,months rent plus $100. Had to email my landlord for them to waive all that and let me move out on our previous agreed on move out date. Did the walk through. Went over the problems and signed it. Just got half my deposit back and when told why i didnt get all, they had a list of things i couldnt prove were lies (toilets clogged, sinks full, air vents not replaced...all bs...and a shower door handle was broken...none of the showers in the house had handles) and then said that i damaged a window and door lock trying to get back into the house..no proof and no longer answering my questions. Dont go through the stress with this sad man. They will overcharge you, hit you with nonsense fees and avoid doing any real property management as long as possible.  Good riddance to swan
