4 Amazing Thai oil massage!   Had an itison voucher for a 1hr massage and I loved it! Really nice ambiance, friendly Thai therapists and a great massage. Not too light and not too firm. Will def go back! My mum and I asked got the couples room on booking so we were side by side on the floor. Very relaxing.   In speaking to the lady who did my massage, the traditional Thai massage, which has no oil and is quite a firm massage with lots of stretches, is great for anyone with a sports injury, back problems or stiffness of the joints. I'll come back after my 10k run methinks!!!   Definitely recommend and if you see a voucher deal for this place, snap it up!!
5 After an hour stood waiting at the cold in St Andrews square, I was lucky enough to sign up for a free 30 minute Thai traditional massage at the Castle Thai Spa this morning, thanks 'Spa in the city'!   I had the choice between this and many other exciting sounding treatments. This seemed a little neglected at the beginning as it wasn't in one of the exciting looking marquees. For me, this could only be a good thing though, as I love the feeling of going into a spa and feeling pampered.   Walking down the stairs into this place I was greeted with tranquil music, the fragrance of jasmine and a soft, non-offensive light. The receptionist was friendly but at the same time not invasive. I was early, but he let me have the appointment early too! I was led by my lovely masseuse into another very warm and intimate feeling room with dimmed lighting, and beautiful futon beds on the floor. I was given a towel and loose fitting clothes and allowed some time to change and get myself comfortable on the floor.  I have always been curious to try Thai massages as I heard that they are similar to yoga in the benefits they provide: stress relief, muscle toning, a general 'medicine' for the body. Aside from doing that, it was also very relaxing. Half of the session was spent lying on my tummy, the other on my back. I was asked whether I wanted soft, medium or hard... I asked her to judge as I had no experience! Some of it was very hard, I was stretched, heard joints click, and finished the massage by having both sides of my back clicked... There was also a lot of pressure on sensitive parts of the body. This was balanced out though by a really relaxing massage. Afterwards I did feel rather reinvigorated, and I'm pretty sure some tension was released which had been stored up due to exam stress, Thai massage is really a must for people who like to be active but often feel aches, pains and illnesses related to stress.  I would definitely come back here if I found an itison deal or something, as being a student £60 isn't too affordable.
5 One minute you're walking with the post-work Friday 6pm folks down Castle Street, most of whom are looking for a nice bar or restaurant; and the second you're descending some stairs into a very slick, chilled but sophisticated Thai Spa.  A friendly chap greets you at reception. You pay upfront for your pre-booked massage. And what's that? £10 off for checking-in on Yelp? Yes please, thank you!  You are shown a small room. It might not be the warmest, but the decoration is lovely. All black and white but in rich, sumptuous manner rather than monochrome. Relaxing music, a mix of traditional Thai and new age chill out, floats through. You wait and in enters Lee, the most lovely Thai masseuse I've met.  She was so very friendly, down to earth, chatty but not overly so. She once or twice checked to see if I'd fallen asleep, and I assured her I hadn't. She was all smiles and cheeky laughter and when she was massaging my feet (which was less relaxing and more undoing years of running damage) we chatted away. So I can assure you with Lee you are in safe hands.  The massage itself was perfect for what I was after. It was £40 for an hour  of firm hands and elbow massage on my back. I specified more time on my lower legs due to bad circulation and she did just that. She was working on my feet and really digging in between tendons that were too close together. And wow. Ouch. Wow.  At the end, she climbed onto the bed and then knelt above me and dug her elbows into my shoulders (she asked if she could do all of this before). A killer knot that has been riding on my right shoulder for a year was gone in an instant. Ooft.  Round it up with some back cracking, which I've never had done before, and isn't as violent as it sounds, but is still very dynamic, and then i was left to dress and presented with some delightful green tea after.  Given the price and the basement location, and the fact it's new and going for more traditional Thai massage than a "bride-to-be pampering package", it provides a fantastic massage in relative luxury. I have been looking for somewhere to get a good massage in Edinburgh and given a few bad experiences with lower cost options, had thought the only way to go was ONe Spa for £120 a massage. How wrong I was. Castle Thai Spa will offer a fantastic massage, in relatively luxurious surroundings and with the friendliest of staff, and nicest masseuse. You will be in very capable and magic hands. I'm already planning my next booking.
4 When a voucher for Castle Thai Spa came up on Groupon Premium I snapped one up, having seen the excellent reviews on Yelp. So, having booked a long weekend off with my boyfriend, I organised for us to use our couples massage voucher.  With the couples massage you get a room for both of you, that's really it - you both get the massage in the same room.  We went for the Thai Oil massage, a combination of traditional Thai techniques and styles such as Swedish/Deep Tissue. This means that along with a full body massage you get stretched and cracked a fair bit. Which is an odd but not unpleasant experience.  My boyfriend absolutely loved his massage, and I struggled not to laugh out loud several times watching him being stretched, and would happily return. Me? Erm. I enjoyed it, I did. But my masseuse concentrated mostly on my legs - which whilst nice, did leave the rest of me feeling rather neglected. At the start she went to my legs, and the other masseuse worked on my boyfriend's back, and then when she moved to his legs I assumed mine would move to my back! Which she did, for a few minutes before returning to my legs... Arms were also massaged, and it finished with sitting upright, having shoulder touched briefly and lower backs cracked by swinging you from side to side.  I know I should have said to my masseuse that she was spending too long on my legs, and that I really wanted my back worked on more, but given the other girl was I thought she would eventually (and for longer than she did).  It was really good, but one-sided (or two-legged?). Maybe it just depends who you get?  Given that they have a check in offer I may well be back, but I'm not won over from Swedish just yet.
5 Amazing experience! They are a little hard to discover being hidden away on Castle Street but they are a diamond in the rough. I have never had a better massage in my life!  And Wednesdays are girls days 20% off!  Go!!
5 Do you prefer clothes on or off? Would you like it soft, medium or hard? - Swedish, traditional oil or relaxing? Water, chai ? - Oh yes, all the choices of an a la carte massage menu that you wish all massage places would have but don't..  As it came highly recommended by our fellow Yelpers, we didn't have to think twice when we found a voucher online for Castle Thai Massage.   We booked a week in advance and on the day we arrived, it took us from bustling and noisy Princes Street to a sanctuary of soft music and soothing smells. We were greeted by a friendly gentleman at the desk. - we stated our preferences (clothes off / traditional oil deep tissue) and were led into the waiting room.   Shortly after we were invited to go into the couple's room. We got undressed and then Ms Noi & Ms Pan - our masseuses - entered the room and started to relax us with oils and gentle introductions to their expert hands. Depending on level of deepness and roughness they went ahead. They took care of toes, legs, calves, thighs, back, shoulders, arms fingers, neck and cranium! - Oh. My. Word.   ... wow ...  I have had many massages - I go about once every 5-6 weeks - Deep tissues and physio, but this.. this is something else. They make use of their hands, arms, elbows, knees. The experience is nothing I had before. I am hooked, I want more.   While exhausted and extremely rested and satisfied, we had a cup of tea after and a little chat with Ms Noi & Ms Pan. They are getting busier and booking in advance is always a good thing. But walking in from the street they will try to accommodate.    I like it, as this is not the medical, clinical health like setting that other massage places have. This is a "holiday-in-Thailand-let's-have-some-fun" kind of massage. They are making sure you have a great experience and leave you wanting to go again and again. I am going again for definite.   Normally the price for a couples' massage is £90 (single £50) for an hour, however you get £10 off when you check in on Yelp.  These are very reasonable prices and for the service and massage you get I'd say it is well worth it.
4 Picked  up a voucher for one hour massage and loved it. Friendly staff and set up typical of a traditional Thai massage spa. Worked top to toe using oils but options available without oil. Every muscle now feels fluid and relaxed. One of the best massages I have ever had and will definitely be back
5 I have been twice now to Castle Thai spa. The service is good, the decor and ambiance is on a level of a good Thai spa.  5 stars however goes to the therapist (Lee - sp?). Absolutely outstanding, an excellent example of how Thai massages should be given.  Personally, I like the non tradition oil massage and my wife the regular non oil.  Will be back again and again.
