5 Customer service was GREAT, and my phone was ready within a couple of hours!! Will def come back if i need to!
5 My SD card had got stuck in my laptop card slot. I just happened to pass by this shop and asked the guys if they could remove it. They not only removed it but they did not even charge me for it. Don't remember the last time I ran into honest repairmen. I will definitely recommend them to anybody. These guys rock!
4 Wasn't too sure about these guys... the name makes it sound like (warning racist joke ahead) some asian guy fixing your phone in a warehouse. Seriously, this is one of the worst names for a business I've ever seen.   But I digress, my phone had slight water damage and they did same day fixing it with no appointment. I was quite surprised.   When I came in a guy was leaving with a PS3 that apparently had just been fixed as well. Seems they can fix anything!
5 My PS3 would turn off on me as soon as I turned the system on (ylod). Brought It here to ubreakifix on bell rd. Good customer service ,affordable price and was ready by the next day.  I had This problem before with the ps3 and took it to this shop supposedly but ended beign a house and the shop was in his garage. Ended up leaving my ps3 he had it for about a week , was charged about 140 and gave me a year warranty. In that year I took the ps3 back 3 times to get the same issue fixed . Wish I knew about ubreakifix . Wouldn't of had to go thru all that drama.
5 Daniel is awesome.  I was so stressed that they would not have time to fix my phone because they were closing in 30 minutes after driving over 2 hours the said they would be able to.  Daniel was pleasant and I didn't feel rushed at all!!!
5 My toddler dropped my phone, screen shattered. I went to Sprint (worst service always at 75th ave & Bell) I am past my 2yrs, by 2 months, so clearly eligible for brand new phone if I re sign. Guy was a jerk, my hubby & I have a family plan (would not let me get a phone, since hubby is at work, WTH) said only option, pay $100 deductible and get a refurbished shipped to me from the 3rd party insurance, we have been paying $10 a month for. Seriously, no wonder consumer report ranked them worst among major carriers. I googled this place, great reviews on google they fixed my HTC EVO for $65. In 2 hours, well worth it. And very nice employees!!!!
5 I accidentally lathered my iPhone in marinara sauce and wiped it clean with no obvious immediate repercussions.  However, I later discovered the charging port had been mutilated by the saucing it received.   I brought the dead phone in, went to get my nails done, and came back to a completely fixed, functional iPhone. $49.99 plus tax, and slowly coming out of the withdrawal I was suffering.  I LOVE that they list all of their prices online.
5 Expensive lesson...cracked my screen. Fast, friendly and professional. Thx for fixing my phone!
