4 Went on the groupon thinking this was the Siagon Pho on alma school. Well I am not sorry I made this mistake! The pho was very good, I ordered the seafood pho, it had lots of seafood really good tasting broth.  We also ordered the cured pork spring roll that was very good too!  Very very nice lunch I will return.
4 After a week of planning to go out for pho for lunch with some coworkers, Groupon offered a pretty good deal for Saigon Pho.  It was situated in an eclectic strip mall including a Smart and Final, Ted's Hot Dogs, Beaver Choice and a dry cleaners.  It's probably easily overlooked.  That said, once we walked in we all commented on the ambiance; it was definitely asian, and the restaurant had a very quaint feeling about it.  It's very comfortable.  I quickly noticed some of the interesting drink choices: Thai iced tea (which I love, and was surprised to see in what I originally thought was a Vietnamese restaurant), coconut milk served straight from the coconut and Vietnamese coffee.  I chose the former, but the other two looked awesome.  When I started looking through the menu, I realized there's a combination of Vietnamese and Thai food.  We all ordered pho, since that's why we were there, and it was pretty good.  I got the brisket and rare steak pho, and I didn't feel like there was quite as much meat as I've had at other places.  The broth was comparable, though I added sauce to this one where I usually don't.  We also had an order of spring rolls, which were delicious.  The service was friendly, albeit a tad slow.  Everything was priced right on par and would have been reasonable even before the Groupon.  The one sad part was that the manager would not accept a bill that was torn as payment (it was a big tear, but it certainly wasn't in half).  If I was in the area, I'd probably come back for pho and to try the coffee.  I don't think I'd go out of my way though.
2 The owners of this place used to have the some of the best Thai food around.  For some reason the quality of the Thai place they also own next door has gone down hill.  I was hoping that when they branched out to Vietnamese that it might be better.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  The pho broth was really bland.  My fiances vermicelli was a bit better than my Pho.
1 HORRIBLE!! The food was okay, ambiance was pretty terrible, but the service was appalling. It took 10 minutes to get our drinks after a lot of upselling even though an iced tea is all i wanted. when I asked for an additional fork to feed my toddler with, the old woman who ran the place slammed a whole carafe of assorted silverware On our table since grabbing a single fork was too tedious. What really threw me over the edge is when we got our bill we were charged an extra $5. I inquired about the charge and she said it was for egg rolls. Yes, we received 3 chincey egg rolls with our dinner, but they looked like something included with the meal, not an appetizer option. I said we never ordered any. The waitress sat down in my both, and yelled at me for eating them if I never ordered them! It was literally an unbelievable experience and I honestly felt that she was trying to scam us and grew very angry when it didn't work. Eat at your own risk and double check your final bill!!
2 So we went there this evening with a Groupon and decided the food was very good. In fact, it appeared that they included some egg rolls that we did not order. When we questioned the extra $5.95 on our bill, the owner became upset with us. Very obvious they were hoping we wouldn't notice the extra charge. Will Never go back. I don't like blatant dishonesty.
1 This place was horrible..service was a disaster, food was ok but unless you feel like waiting and hour for food and having people in the back argue with you over the food then I would highly recommend never coming here, there are much much better Pho places.
1 Purchased a groupon thinking it was for the place on alma school, later found out it wasn't for that place but what the hell I paid for it and was in the area.  My husband and I tried it out. His 1st comment / question was "why isn't any one here?" I noticed crumbs at the booth we were seated in. We place our order 3 items and a drink.  2 of the 3 items were not what we order. They fixed it but charged us for the correction.  I had chicken pho the broth has a strong cinnamon taste to it. I have had chicken pho at many other place from Cali to Az and never have I had a cinnamon taste to it.  It was unbearable and couldn't eat it.   For us being the only patrons in their and get our order wrong can only make me wonder what kind of service you get when there tables are full.   I will not be returning and feel they should have to change their name. I wouldn't want the Saigon pho place on alma school  and knoxs to get a bad rap because of this place.
1 STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOO STARS IF I COULD!!!!!!!!!!  So Like most of you on here I like to eat, and I know what I like.  I ordered  one day and the food was wonderful.  But..........  Three days later I ordered the same thing except added an order of orange chicken for another guest.  When we ordered we asked the gentleman who had an Asian accent if they even had orange chicken (which I thought would be weird), and without hesitation the man said "Yes".  When the food arrived before I even took a bite, I knew something was not right.  The shrimp fried rice was waaaaaaay over cooked like mush. I ordered extra shrimp which was non existent. The spring rolls I ordered had nothing in them but shredded lettuce and like 3-4 itty bitty pieces of julienne carrots.  It was so obvious that this wasn't the same food I started wondering if somehow they delivered someone else's food, when I looked in the bag there was a menu from another restaurant called Papaya Thai.  When I saw that I completely freaked out and and called to ask what the hell was going on.  I was advised that there is two restaurants one Thai and one Vietnamese, because I ordered an order of orange chicken my food was made at the Thai restaurant...NOT OK. You don't order or go to an establishment and order one thing and get something else.  I was apologized to by who I assume was an owner and then told I would have 1 free meal......1, even though my order was completely botched and I spent over $50. It was late and after working 9 hours I didn't even care anymore so we threw the food away and we ordered something else for delivery.  3 DAYS later.  I have a brilliant idea to order again and give it another try...DUMMIE.  My 2 orders of shrimp fried rice had 1 shrimp in only one box, my spring rolls were OK, but my shrimp fried rice had stuff in it that was never in the shrimp fried rice I had even ordered before (both times).  This time my boyfriend called and complained and the owner said it was his own fault he messed up our order and that he would comp us two more meals next time we ordered.  HELL NO....  We said no, and that we would even bring the food back for a full refund, there was no way we will ever eat here again ever, two free meal would be no use to us. The same gentleman advised us it was not necessary to bring the food back and that if we came in we would get our refund.  So, when my boyfriend goes in there for our money the owner tries to give us $12.... Finally after saying he's not leaving until we get our money back they reluctantly gave us a refund.  .NEVER, EVER  ordering again. Buyer beware.  I work in customer service worst experience ever. I refuse to eat or do business anywhere where my money is only appreciated as long as it stays in their pockets.  Bottom line complete garbage.
2 Went here last night with a groupon thinking we would try out somewhere new.   This place was... okay. I really wanted to like it because I like to support local businesses, and the only person who appeared to be working there (an older woman), was very nice.  First we ordered drinks, I usually only get water at any restaurant I go to and that's all I wanted to get because I knew I was getting dehydrated, but I also wanted to make sure we used the full value of the groupon ($24 worth of food and beverage). I asked for thai tea with boba, and some water. The water never came, the thai tea didn't taste right, and there was no boba, although there was coconut jelly cubes on top. Unfortunately I hate coconut jelly cubes. My friend asked for a green tea smoothie, which does not come with boba. It tasted like blended ice, there was no flavor. He also had the weird coconut cubes on top of his drink, and both drinks were charged as having boba despite that no boba was ever present.  The appetizer was decent. I liked it, but it's a little hard to ruin fried food. We had the pineapple cheese wontons, they were served with sweet chili sauce. We really enjoyed it, so we were optimistic about our pho.  There weren't very many options for meats on the menu, so I ordered brisket and the rare beef, while my friend had only the rare beef. When the pho arrived, we were excited. It smelled delicious, but we realized we didn't have any of the small dishes for mixing the sauces. So we improvised and used the plates our bowls were sitting on. The broth was great, but the noodles were oddly clumpy and stuck together, something I'd never witnessed in any of the many bowls of pho (both amazing and terrible) I've had. I also noticed that there was far less meat than in any bowl I've had before.  The bowls looked exactly the same and both had only 4 pieces of meat.  I won't go out of my way to go here, but I also won't make it a point to never attempt this place again. It wasn't anything special, but it was "just okay".
3 I was intrigued when I saw that Saigon Pho opened up, sharing half the space of the Papaya Thai building. We decided to try out their Vietnamese eats since we were in the area and hungry for dinner.  We came here on a Monday early evening, and we were the only customers in the restaurant. One other couple trickled in during our service though. The interior is cute, with a refreshing green palette that mimics the vibrant colors of Vietnamese food itself.   We pored through the menu, and I honed in on the vegetarian items. I'm not a vegetarian, but I do try to limit my meat intake and are always on the lookout for good vegetarian dishes. They have a decent selection, and I decided on the vegetarian fish with vegetables and ginger.   First though, we started out with the egg roll appetizer. It was crisp, flavorful, and delicious. It had the right mix of spices, and the dipping sauce went well with it.   The entrees came shortly after. The faux fish was very good. It even had a dark bean curd "skin" that tasted a lot like the crisp skin of a nicely cooked fish. The texture was very similar to a white-fleshed fish, and was tender.  The sauce was similar to a sweet and sour sauce, laced with the kind of pea and carrot mixture you would find in the freezer section of a grocery store, ginger, cilantro, celery, tomato, and tofu. While I enjoyed the fish, after eating half of it, I got tired of the sweet/sour taste of the sauce and had the rest of it boxed up to go. The presentation was very nice though, and it came with a pickled daikon/carrot mixture, an orange slice, nicely sliced cucumber, and tomato slices.  My husband ordered the pho ga (Chicken pho), which had large pieces of chicken breast in it, with fresh vegetables and a lot of noodles to go with the broth and meat. I tasted some of the broth- it was decent, albeit a little watery tasting.  Overall, a decent place for Vietnamese cuisine, and probably the closest Vietnamese place to where we live!
3 Tried this place b/c groupon. Service was ok. Food was ok. If I had to pay full price I would have to give it 2 1/2 stars.
3 Went here for pho today, Groupon guided me there. I also thought it was the other restaurant. And I also thought it was weird that Papaya Thai is half the building and you can order off either menu. But how is that different from those Taco Bell/Pizza Hut places? We came for pho. We got chicken pho, spring rolls. It was fine, It was not as good as Da Vang (I miss you!) but the pho was great, the chicken was plentiful and juicy ( sliced breast meat) and they gave use everything but cilantro (I survived). Spring rolls were good. I would come again for pho. Its not clean and fancy, but other than overpriced Noodles Ranch, we know how these joints are...and personally I preferred this pho over Noodles Ranch! Service was also on par with every other Vietnamese restaurant I have been to, and you know what I mean....
5 Saigon Pho.  My favorite!  My husband and I love this place.  I always get the #2 (Summer rolls) and #41 (seafood rice noodle)  YUM!  My Mr. C always gets the beef salad (not sure of number) which is also great.   My sister in law and father in law always get the #10 pho. (I haven't had it yet)  I decided to switch it up and get  Bun this time.  Bun is sort of a noodle salad dish and is great!!  I've NEVER been disappointed by Saigon!
5 Very authentic food delivered by friendly staff. This is the real deal. They own the place next door, but I haven't tried it yet. Not sure why people get so confused that they have the same owner.  Anyway, I strongly recommend the beef Pho and the mango+ginger smoothie. Phenomenal.
1 If you know your pho this is not the place for you. They had a super limited selection, and the portions were small. I was really upset they didn't have anything with tendons or tripe. The broth was pretty good but everything else was sub par. Service was also pretty bad... there are a lot of places near by that are way better.
2 Food is really average....we ordered sausage shrimp rice fry and yes my dish comes with 2 shrimp.....if u have living social deal then worth a try otherwise go somewhere else
1 This place sucks. Food is awful and the price is not cheap either. I'm Vietnamese and I know what's good Vietnamese food. If there's a rating for NO STAR, I would give it a NO STAR.
5 This place is great.  I'm starting to order from them regularly.  Their seafood dishes are awesome, especially the Tofu Fish with tomato and ginger sauce...  so good.  Going to order right now :)
1 Pho Tempe holds the crown as the absolute worst dining experience of my life. Aside from having bland beef pho and a forgettable attempt at banh mi, Pho Tempe was filthy and doomed by poor service.  I called to ask when the restaurant would close on a Monday night, and the man on the phone was impossible to understand. He said something about 9 p.m. He also said something about 10.   Is it open from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.? Lobby open till 9 and carryout till 10?  To be safe, I hopped on GrubHub and submitted my order while driving to the restaurant.   When I arrived, I explained I would like to use a Groupon to pay for my order. The woman working at the restaurant, in broken English, told me I couldn't use my Groupon for a carryout order.   That's fine, I told her, we could just save the Groupon for another time.   She told me to just eat the meal there, and all would be OK.  So I sat down and was brought a menu. She asked me to order. I told her I just wanted what I already had ordered on GrubHub. She said to forget about the GrubHub order and just order again.   I asked if the online order would be cancelled. She said yes. So I ordered. And halfway through my meal, out came a second meal in to-go containers.  So there I was, full of food and staring at the same meal packed for later. The woman already had redeemed my Groupon, and she expected payment for the second meal.   Put in a terrible situation by her inability to communicate or find a compromise, I simply tipped well and walked out on the to-go order.  The entire experience was so upsetting, I won't return to Pho Tempe.
1 The food was ok, maybe 3 stars, but then I went to to the rest room...Good Lord help me! It was beyond filthy. It was disgusting! The dirt was long term filth...layer upon layer of dust & grime that have never been cleaned. The walls, the baseboards, toilet & sink...every square inch dirty. All I could think was if the public rest room looks like this, what the hell does the kitchen look like? My second thought was wishing I would have used the rest room before I ate, so I could have run away from this joint! Insult to injury moment? The "A" rating sign from the Department of Health in the front window! If you like "Pig Pen" ambiance, this is your kind of place. If not, find another restaurant!
1 This is the WORST experience I have ever had at a restaurant ever! I went to this restaurant because I had a Groupon for this establishment and I was actually kind of excited to try put a new place close to home. Forget about it. A simple lunch service should be pretty staight forward but there was only one flustered server, getting water was a triumph. Two hot green teas and bbq chicken bahn mi orders were placed. 20 mins went by we tried to cancel the tea we got the comment that it was" already brewing". It wasnt any fancy tea, just plain old packets of Jasmine green tea. Im pretty sure they just didnt want us to deminish our tab. Finally our sanwiches arrived. Absolutely disgusting. The bread was soggy because they were sitting there. The supossed grilled barbeque chicken was cold and hard and resembled old shredded chicken. We waited forever for absolute garbage. On top of all that it was an ordeal to use the Groupon.
2 This place is dingy and run down. The service was barely passable. I did not enjoy either the Pho or the Pork plate. The spring rolls were pretty good and made ever better by the peanut sauce they came with. By far the best thing we were served were the crab puffs - and I don't eat fish. Those I would go back for. To be fair my dining companion enjoyed all of food but agreed on service and decor.
1 Not recommended. We bought a Groupon to save money and would have much rather spent more money and enjoyed a meal somewhere else.  The service is horrible. Customer service was definitely not the servers area of expertise.  Our drinks came out at two different times. Things that we ordered were forgotten and either weren't remembered or were at the very end of the meal.  We ordered two orders of the spring rolls and only got one. The order that we got was not rolled properly and was very loose, I would not have sent it out.  The pho that I got had items in it that weren't listed on the menu. No thanks, I don't want tripe & if the menu would have indicated it, I wouldn't have order it. I didn't get an apology or asked if I'd like something else. Instead, my father and I switched soups. Good thing my dad likes tripe..ick! The restaurant closes from 3-5 and two minutes after 3:00 a family came in and the server allowed them in but informed them that she was only allowing them to come in because they were a family. Why would one mention this?  It would be better to have spared the family the rudeness & they could have gotten better food/service elsewhere.  We then saw the server rudely turn away four other parties. Get a sign or lock the door..  This experience was not a good one. Me have worked in the industry for years in the past, I left 15% out of respect to the industry, NOT for service. If it were for service, I would have left $1.00. ONE DOLLAR. Don't waste your time... travel to Dobson & Main to UnPHOgettable and get GREAT service & DELICIOUS food!!!!
4 Used a groupon. Overall, I was very happy. From the other reviews I was scarred. First of all, it is 2 restaurants in one building. Go through the green door on the right for Tempe Pho which is the same place as Saigon Pho. It is a casual environment with green walls.  I went there with a friend. We ordered crab wontons first. They were great. She got shrimp pho and I got chicken pho. Both were wonderful. Not many shrimp in the shrimp pho but a good amount of chicken in the chicken pho. Our server was young and helpful woman. No problem using the groupon but I did tell the server I had a groupon when she seated us. I will go back. Nice and fresh.   On a side note I noticed they had a water pond in the front near the door with red ear slider turtles. I have a red ear slider, he is about 5 years old, and it seemed like the heat lamp was too far away from the turtles. I am not sure the turtles in the pond are getting enough heat and I did not see a UV lamp which they need. The turtle situation can be easily fixed and hopefully it will be. Thanks.
4 I ordered delivery from Saigon Pho and was very impressed! My rare beef pho was hot and absolutely delicious, the service was friendly, and delivery was fast. Great value for the food as well. I will definitely be trying this restaurant dine-in for the full experience!
2 The portion of the Pho wasn't very much but it  was decent flavor. I was in the area so i decided to give it a try . The customer service wasn't that great either and there was only 3 people in the establishment.
3 This place is weird. Actually we couldn't find it at first because it said Pho Tempe outside. And it seems that they have totally different menu from "Authentic" Saigon Pho, I wonder is that ok to use the same name?  Anyway, I have to say, the pho I ordered was decent flavor and the service was just fine. BUT, the potion really wasn't too much, either pho or broken rice. That's really disappointing. I think I'll not come back here without a Groupon
1 Despite the previous reviews my coworkers and I decided to order for delivery and I understand why this restaurant received bad reviews. They took a little over a hour to deliver and still missed an item from our order. The food wasn't very seasoned and I've definitely had better. They were over priced and barely provided any meat for our meals. My first impression of this restaurant is a FAIL. I will never order from here again.
1 This place is unclean, has poor service, and pricey vs other like-type restaurants.   I ordered the half chicken and rice (#32). It came with 2 drumsticks. WTF?  This place is tanking and it's easy to see why after eating here - numerous other reviews say the same thing.  I'd look for t Other places to eat.
1 Strange, strange place. Shares kitchen with Papaya Thai. Had a Groupon and decided to try it out.  We ordered spring rolls and crab wontons... Not bad. Then moved on the chicken pho, which I enjoyed. My husband ordered chicken and shrimp noddles with 5 spice level. Was surprised to get shrimp pho. The plate that came out next was awful... No shrimp and it tasted like grease.  Very disorganized for only 4 tables. No bueno. Don't waste your time or money.
2 The other reviewers are spot on for this restaurant.  1) Combined restaurants. This is combined with Tempe Pho. Had a Living Social Deal so thought I'd give it a try. The Asian lady (seemed like possibly a part owner) said I could get it to go but would have to pay the gratuity of 18% which seemed fair. But, she also said I would have to spend a high minimum amount before I could use the deal. That part was unexpected.  2) Environment unclean. The tables were sticky and had greasy residue as if they weren't using clean washing water/soap to clean each table, but were possibly using old water without any soap.   2a)  Condiment bottles were filthy on the outside as if they never cleaned or wiped them down as a regular part of the process each day. I was worried about picking up germs and bacteria by just using the condiments at the table.  The soy sauce tasted like a really off brand that I was not accustomed to. Soy sauce is of course fermented soy bean, but it did not taste like any soy sauce I've had before.  2b) Forks were in a bottle/vase at each table. This doesn't seem proper by health code standards, as anyone could contaminate the utensils when they are left out like that and not individually wrapped.  I opted for chopsticks that were individually wrapped instead.  3) Beverage. My iced tea was refreshing, until I reached about halfway through it and saw a flying bug floating in it that was just short of a centimeter long. I asked for a new glass, not sure if they brought me back the same glass but refilled.  4) Food. The Pho noodles I got was seafood special with meat and seafood. I barely found tiny pieces of some random seafood in it that was not shrimp, not scallop, not fake crab meat, not sure what it was, but there was very little of it.  The broth was not the best I've had.  While eating the noodles, the broth turned very cloudy, which led me to think the noodles were likely not washed off, so the substance on the noodles came off into the broth.    5)  Fried wonton shrimp appetizer: The shrimp was mostly raw. I could tell by the translucency of the shrimp as well as the color and texture. I ate them, hoping I would not get food poisoning.  Fortunately, I did not.  I would have thought that the little shrimp would easily get cooked in a fryer with a thin layer of wonton around it.  So unexpected.  6)  Grilled beef entree:  This was great. Grilled perfectly, not raw, tasted good with the seasoning, and it did not seem un-fresh.  This was the only thing I had no complaint about.  7) Seating: Vinyl booths were not filthy as I recall. They stuck me in the front near the sound/TV controls and devices. Many cords were strewn about there.  I had trouble getting into the booth as it was partially blocked by these items.    8) Someone mentioned that they changed the names of the restaurant because of the poor reviews. Not sure how that helps since any new customers will write new reviews and unless they change something about the things people do not like, the reviews will likely be similar.  9) the Asian lady (again, who seemed to be part owner), was very bossy and barked orders to the guy waiter in dreadlocks. This guy was very nice and provided good service.  She would often bark out things across the quiet, dark dining area to him.  It was strange, her interaction with him.  He did not seem to like working there, but yet still provided very good service to all of the tables.  All in all, I would not return here. I can see why they have deals with Groupon and Living Social.  I am guessing not many people return though after trying it out.  For great Pho, go to Tea Lite Cafe on May Blvd near Scottsdale Road, that is a consistently great experience, with fresh ingredients, quick service, and fair pricing.  The name of the restaurant on my Living Social deal was "PHO TEMPE".  But, this is the address and restaurant that comes up. I guess this coincides with other reviewers mentioning that they have changed the name of the restaurant.
4 Though I forget to check in and review it almost all of the time, I believe this little restaurant has some good eats. But you have to be able to look pass the language barrier, because it's so thick some of the staff just seem to come off as plain old rude.  And if you do get the ones who can speak and understand English, the service is quite excellent. My water was always kept full, they periodically checked up on me to see how the meal was, and they gave pretty good recommendations on the type of food to try. Forgive me for my writing in proper format, I am stuffing my face as I writing this :). Oh also, they have a groupon.... What's not good about that puahaha!!
2 Still HUNGRY.  Their sandwiches are such a disappointment we couldn't even finish...very little favor and gross fatty pieces and skin.  We did order Spring Rolls which were good with the peanut sauce.  The service was really slow, we got seated right away but it took several minutes to be offered anything to drink or order. We actually felt ignored most of the time.  Never came back to refill our water.   Our cousin order the PHO with meatballs and found it good but did not care much for the meatballs.  I wanted to like it...
3 The food here was great, but the furniture was old and ripped up, the service was very slow ( it took 15 minutes for my Thai Tea to come out ), and the condiments on the table were filthy and covered in dried up sauces. Given the messiness right in front on you I am very concerned about cleanliness in the kitchen.
2 I don't quite know how to describe our visit to Saigon Pho. My husband and I couldn't decide what to do for dinner so we crawled through some yelp and groupon deals and decided on pho. We like pho. So off to Tempe we went.   We were greeted by green walls, a turtle pond, and the owner who directed us to our booth. "We have Vietnamese food here," she said. Yes, I know. I came here for your Vietnamese food. We ordered Thai iced teas and were prepared to order our meals, but after we ordered our drinks she left her notepad on our table and left. Oh, okay.   A waiter (her son) came to our table to deliver the Thai iced teas, which were good, and to take our order. I ordered the chicken pho and my husband ordered the beef pho. We also got the crab Rangoon.   He came back with our crab Rangoon... And also a British accent. What? Yes. He had completely changed his accent from perfectly American to straight up Brit. The couple in the lobby putting in a to go order noticed it as well. "Where are you originally from?" They asked. "Colorado Springs." He said. Oh...  Back to the food. The crab rangoons came out. They were pretty good. A little sweet for my taste. The sauce was really runny though, like it was watered down. He also brought our side plates of fun things to put in our pho, including bean sprouts, mint sprigs and jalapeños. And lemons.   Our pho came out. Mine had what looked like shredded chicken from a rotisserie chicken in it, my husbands had grey beef and tripe in it (though no tripe was ordered).We had both asked for a level 3 heat in our soups, but neither were spicy, or very flavorful. This is when I reached for the condiment tray, to add some sriracha and chili paste. It seemed that none of the bottles had ever been wiped down - they were grimy and sticky to the touch. I went to pour a little soy sauce into the broth - IT WOULDN'T POUR OUT OF THE BOTTLE. But, I digress.   We mentioned we had a living social deal to pay. It seems that they have used several of these services to drum up business, as the table next to us had one as well. They were not excited about us using the living social deal that they had decided to sign up for in the first place. Begrudgingly, without speaking, the owner took our check and hand-wrote the new total. We put our credit card in the book. The waiter came back and asked us if we wanted more water or to-go boxes. We said no thank you. He left without taking the check. We waited five minutes for him to come back to ask if we wanted water again so we could pay and leave.   We left with our stomachs feeling full but uncomfortable. I looked longingly across the parking lot at Ted's, certain that a corn dog would have been more satisfying than this disaster.
4 I went to(now Pho Tempe) using a Groupon that was expiring the same day.  After reading such scathing reviews I was tempted to not go.  I'm glad I took a chance.  The server was very nice, attentive, and didn't bat an eye when I presented our Groupon.  Our spring rolls were delicious and served promptly, as were the crab wontons.  They don't skimp on the stuffing in the wonton stuffing either.  Lots of cream cheese.  Some people have expressed dissatisfaction with the sweet n sour sauce's thin consistency.  I enjoyed it very much.  It isn't the typical bowl of corn syrup with a ton of red food coloring, but a light, sweet/tangy sauce with slivers of crispy carrot for added texture.  Our entrees were generous portions, and made for delicious left-overs.  The condiment bottles on the table were clean, as were the forks in the glass some people complained about.  I don't know why people think this is a strange practice.  Many restaurants do this.  It makes it convenient to grab additional forks, soup spoons, or chopsticks as needed.  I dined with my 10 year old son who is definitely now a fan of Vietnamese food and this restaurant.  We will be back.
5 Got delivery (of spring rolls and Shrimp Pho) to my office in Central Phx, was on time, delicious and people stopped by my desk to tell me how good it all looked and smelled. Definitely ordering from here again on the days I dont want to drive for lunch!
4 I think this place deserves a much higher rating. My vegetarian pho with added beef was simply delicious, fresh, flavorful. Yes it is an ugly place but the pho I had is my favorite so far.
3 Visited Saigon Pho on a LivingSocial coupon.  Have to agree with the others how weird this place is.  The lady asked us if we wanted Vietnamese food which is beacause of the shared Thai and Vietnamese food sign.  The decor is strange as well.  Leopard seats, bright green paint, turtle pond.  We thought the pho was good.  Soup was fragrant and a fair amount of seafood was given.  We also had mango ginger drinks.  At first when the drinks came out, it hardly looked blended.  The cook forgot the ginger so back it went.  When it came out the second time, it looked fine.   While I might try this place again, there are so many other choices.
