3 Not a bad place. I actually didn't go to this place on purpose; I walked by them when I was on the way to the store, as I was waiting for my car oil to be changed. So I went in (because actually, my nails were really terrible).  They were fairly newly-open (I think she said almost 2 months) so there was nobody there when I went in. But also, no one came in the entire hour I was there. My experience wasn't bad - this is actually one of the few nail spas I have been to where the person doing your nails has a conversation with you, which made it less awkward.  I got a manicure and toe polish change for $25. She didn't rush, and my nails were really nice when done. My only problem was that the polish on my hands chipped two days later; annoying. But my toe polish didn't chip for about two weeks.  They don't have a price chart anywhere, or a website yet, so you have to ask for prices before you get anything done. I know that a manicure or pedicure is $15, acrylics are $23, and polish changes are $10.  Since they are new, they are VERY clean and have all new equipment! I also really liked the music they played; old-school R&B love music! haha!  This is a good place for a quickie manicure.
5 I love coming here! This place is so clean and nice....affordable too! They give you a bottle of water upon entering. They have a great selection of Essie polishes (my favorite bc unlike other brands, they don't stain your nails) and other brands as well. The owners are this super friendly couple. The wife cracks me up! Their daughter greets customers and makes sure they have water and magazines. Can't beat the service and quality of mani/pedi for the cheap price!
5 Great place!  Love it!  Love Asia!  My nails looked great. I will definitely be back.
5 Awesome friendly staff, my friend was having her manicure there and I came along just to wait for her.  At the las minute I decided to have my pedicure and manicure because the place has immaculate clean, Valentines decor and I got a very good vibe from clients ant staff. I been to a lot of decent places but Tlc nail spa took my decision and time to write about them. Clean place great job and I had a lot of fun.
2 Make sure you ask their pricing and you clearly know what you want first.They added a few extra charges and then tried to explain their fees. They did make me feel guilty of asking why it was more than it was supposed to be......Runs on referral program so unless you tell 10 people about their nail shop expect nothing, after then you get $10.00 off. I guess you give that back neways when you tip, if you tend to tip good.
5 I came here on a recommendation from a friend whose nails looked amazing.  I recently found out I am allergic to the primer in acrylic nails.  I needed something different.  Andy and another technician took the time to help me with my issue.  Andy is detail orientated and very nice.  I was offered a bottle of water when I walked in.  The place was clean and nice.  Everyone was friendly and spoke in Vietnamese and in English and did not ignore the customers or talk in Vietnamese in a rude way if they said something to each other they explained what they where talking about.  I find that refreshing!!  I got a pedicure, manicure and gel nails along with some charms it cost me 72.00 and I was very happy...I will be coming back. I heard it was hard to find a nail place in Vegas well I found one and it was the first recommendation I got!!!!
3 I am unsure how to rate this place...   Service: great! I was waited on quickly and my tech was awesome!!  Color selection: great gels... If you are into OPI I recommend bringing your own because they had mainly gels and essie brand.  Price: yea no. After tip & full gel set $56 isn't going to fly. It's normally $35 at my usual place ONE block over at a salon equally as nice. I asked the tech why it was so much... He said welcome to summerlin. My usual salon is Durango/buffalo and wayyyy more affordable.  Overall, I am happy with the way my nails look but they aren't 20% better so why pay like 20% + more???? I won't be heading back there.
5 I have been to a lot of places to get a gel manicure!  This is probably by far one of the best!!  My nails, for whatever reason have a tough time with gel manis... it's not that my mani chips, the polish normally just peels right off.  I guess I have oily nail beds?!  And then I've been to other places where they just do crappy jobs (i.e. the polish is bumpy, or it's layered on super duper thick!!! YUCK!).  But Gina at TLC did an outstanding job!!  It's two weeks later and my polish still is perfect - and just growing out perfectly.  No chips, no issues.  Love it.  My pedicure didn't last as long but I think I was a bit rough with my feet and I've been traveling so hey, can't really judge.  And, Gina can pretty much do whatever design you ask her to do.  Love this place.  It's clean, they use sterilized tools, there is an overabundance of colors to choose from, they offer you free water, the people are sweet and friendly.  Love it.  I would however highly recommend making an appointment though... although they do take walk-ins, but I found walking in is hit or miss and you could be waiting for a long time.  Highly recommend this place!!!
