5 Love love love!  Had Nicole sugar my Brazilian and legs (was my first time having any type of hair removal)...  No redness and no bumps!  She is very professional and made me feel comfortable.  I will definitely be back in two weeks to maintain and keep my silky smoothness.
5 Nicole keeps her room clean and very organized.  I have never been sugared before so she explained to me what the product is made of (sugar, lemon and water..I think) and what to expect from the service.  When I initially called to schedule my appointment  she was great and explained that I should grow out for at least 10 days and not to exfoliate for three days before I come in.   It was tough but I listened to...  Boy did it hurt!  I've been back and each time I go the pain decreases (unless I'm PMSing, then it totally sucks...) and my hair gets thinner and thinner.  No hot wax so no burning or ripping off skin.  I even had my brows done and she did an amazing job.  Thanks Nicole,  you're the best!
5 I have been looking for a sugaring artist in Las Vegas since April and I have just found the best place here!!! Be Sugared is AMAZING!!! So clean and Nicole really knows what she is doing. She is from LA and has been doing this for the last 6 years.  Thank you so much Nicole!!!
5 This girl is amazing!! I have been getting Brazilians for years, and the pain has always been hard for me. I went and saw this sweet angel about 4 months ago and i am hooked. This is so much less painful and my skin feels amazing afterwards. You have got to try this out. You won't be disappointed!!!
5 I have been coming here for awhile now, I am totally hooked on getting sugared. My first time here she explained the whole process about sugaring and how healthy it is compare to normal waxing which I totally agree. Before you first get it done I would recommend you moisturize daily with Jergens or coconut oil so your not so dry and the hair can come out easily and smooth. The first time you have to be a trooper but if you  keep coming back consistently it will be less painful each time I promise you. I love her shop its so cute, its located inside Solar Salon were they have other independent shops as well. Nicole is a doll, she knows what she is doing we always have good conversations while I'm being sugared then boom she's done. I believed every woman should be sugared because the ending results are always amazing.
5 I've never waxed or sugared before, but I'm so tired of shaving, I figured I would start small with my underarms. I am now totally addicted. I was treated professionally and was given thorough instructions for after care. I loved that I had no burning or redness afterward. I'll definitely be back when I'm in Vegas again
5 I just moved here and was nervous about finding someone new to do my sugaring. I'm so glad I came here! The prices are great and she was very friendly and worked efficiently. This is the best form of hair removal, hands down, and I'm happy to have found a great place.
5 First time at Be sugared and loved it . Thank you nicole for  the best bikini  waxing . I will  be back soon !!! One of the best in town:)
5 First time going to Be Sugared & first time getting a Brazilian Wax. Danielle helped me & all I have to say is that I loved it and will be back.
5 So this was my first time doing a Brazilian wax & first time doing the sugaring & I'm am so grateful I did! I'm a happy woman! I'm glad I chose this place & the price was pretty great! I will see them in 3 weeks! Love it & now I'm hooked!! Thank you so much!
3 Experience before appointment:       Really good, professional, helpful, friendly, polite.  Experience at appointment:       Good, it was my first time and she did a great job explaining it to me and making sure I understood what was going to happen. Used Groupon with no issues.  Experience after: HORRIBLE. Rude. Uninvolved. Before making my appointment, I explained that I had a fitness competition that weekend and needed to be hairless and no bumps. I was assured this was going to be the case. When I left, there were still small blonde hairs that the sugar wouldn't get. This would not have been a problem at all, except I was told otherwise. Also she told me I would only have red skin for 15 minutes after. But two weeks after and I STILL have some bumps. When she texted me to remind me of my follow up, I told her I still had bumps and she only replied "let me know when your ready". No help, no advice, no apology, no nothing.   Overall: really disappointing
5 Well my last experience (with Danielle) was positive but not 100% awesome just because of some issues I had after my sugaring.    After posting my last review, I was impressed that Nicole (the owner), personally called and we texted about my concerns from last time and she was AMAZING.  She brought me back in and I have to say, my experience just a couple hours ago was more than awesome!  Nicole was great, it still hurt (you are choosing to get hair ripped out of your skin), but way better results and extremely happy with her knowledge.  ***(this process will hurt more if its your first time or if you are on your period, speaking from first hand experience)***  This business genuinely cares about their clients which is a 5 star rating just for that this day in age!  I will absolutely be back! :-)
5 I first went to Nicole a little over three weeks ago. It was my first time ever getting a Brazilian and my first underarm as well. Shoot my first for it all besides shaving! I am very shy about having myself exposed and was nervous when I got there. That ended rather quickly! Nicole took my nervousness away. She was calm, down to earth and very informative on what was about to happen. We did my underarms first. It was painful, but tolerable. Unfotunately, i had to go back the next week due to not growing out the other area long enough. Now I wish I could say I did not act like a big baby for the other area...but I did. I laughed, teared up and scream in my dress. Smh i was a mess. She maintained her composure and talked me through it. I am very  happy that I decided to be sugared and my second appointment was not nearly as bad!  I love how the hair grows back fine and the fact I do not shave any longer is a perk all it's own!!
5 I've been going to Be Sugared for about a year now and I absolutely love it! Nicole & Danielle make each and every appointment very comfortable. They are easy to talk to so I love going back! The sugaring itself doesn't hurt much in my opinion, even for the first time. I don't shave my underarms any more because of what they have taught me about hair removal/exfoliating/moisturizing. I also buy the coconut oil that they sell because I love the way it makes my skin feel and it smells amazing! The combination of sugaring & the coconut oil has really helped brighten my underarms and when the hair grows back its hardly noticeable. Overall I love Be Sugared thanks to Nicole and Danielle!
5 I love Be Sugared! I was very nervous my first time getting my underarm and Brazilian sugared and Nicole made my appointment quick and comfortable. Danielle has been sugaring me recently and the more I get sugared the easier it gets. Both Nicole and Danielle are very good at what they do and they make my time there enjoyable even thought I'm getting hair removed. I like how if I'm not doing something properly like exfoliating or moisturizing enough, they call me out on it so the next time I go there, it will be less painful. I don't shave my underarms anymore because it's far more worth it to get sugared and not shave for two weeks than buying razors and making my hair thicker and possibly my underarms darker. They are also very understanding when my sister and I are late.. (Sorry Nicole & Danielle!!!) and I love how we can text them to make appointments. I'd recommend this to anyone who is looking for a longer lasting, less painful, and more beneficial hair removal technique! Thanks Nicole & Danielle :D!!!
