2 Very brand new and still clean. The cleaning crew actually does a good job and stays active throughout the day (I go at various times depending on the day). The staff is the usual for LA Fitness, from my experience - not very smart or friendly. Rarely greeted with a smile or hello and NEVERsaid goodbye or have a good day to when leaving. They just scan your card and say "Thanks". Trainers are typical large-chain trainers - limited knowledge surrounding actual  fitness, lurking around the gym or hanging at their desk instead of helping someone who needs a pointer, and generally just bad sales people.   It a gym, I have a couple other memberships to gyms in the Vallety so I don't have to go here all the time. The best thing is the newness and cleanliness. You get what you pay for and don't expect much more.
5 Tried this facility out as a 'VIP Guest' since the wife has gym plan here.  First time at this facility.  Staff was SUPER friendly.  Place was pretty big with brand new and clean machines/facilities.    The Cycle/Spin class set-up looks awesome.  Stadium seating for the bikes - very cool.  The pool/sauna/spa/shower areas very clean.  Lockers are nice and even hair-dryers in the men's locker room - nice touch.  For a gym that is not $100/mo - think this is as good as you are going to get.  Solid 4.5 stars.  Rounded up since I did not have to go through the "tour" after explaining that I am currently with '24Hr Fitness' and my contract doesn't expire until Oct 2014 and I workout at gyms 4-6 days a week so not a "newbie."  Tip - fill out the waiver form on-line and print at home - saves you time!
5 I've been to a few different L.A. fitness locations throughout  the valley, so i didn't expect anything different from this one. It was a rough day and I needed some gym therapy. My mind was inundated with stress, so i conveniently forgot to bring my gym card and my bike lock. The CSR, Tanis, allowed me to leave my bike where the sales reps are and didn't make me feel like "that guy." You know the one. The one who doesn't forget his key everyday, but is simply too lazy to pull his card out of his wallet. Thanks Tanis
1 Extremely frustrating experience. I went in requesting to see a manager in order to ask some questions regarding the facility that only the manager would be able to answer. The desk person named Chris requested that I sit and wait and then proceeded to completely ignore that I was there. I waited for 25 minutes before being approached by what I assume was a membership sales associate who after realizing what I was waiting on left me sitting there too. After 45 minutes Chris left the desk and another employee finally asked what I was there for and then wouldn't let me speak with a manager either. I've worked with Gold's Gym, YMCA, and other LA Fitness locations and this was the most frustrating waste of my time. I could have been in and out in 5 minutes but they decided to be rude and inconsiderate.
5 Very happy to be back at this gym after joining a competitor for a year. Staff seems stable & competent. Members are the only complaint due to being spoiled yuppies that don't feel the need to put their own weights away, but oh well.   Great facility. Cleanliness I'd give an 8/10 as sometimes there are used paper towels or water bottles that don't get picked up from the day before (I go in twice a day). Has all the equipment most people need. I wish they had heavier dumbells but I make due with other exercises. Good music & good atmosphere whether morning or evening.   Definitely recommend this location. Sales guy Chris was helpful & not pushy. Signed my fiance up & her mother is joining soon too.
