5 Ubercool, brooding bold classy bothy (sic)    I spent one night here and the place whisked me back to the days when I travelled little enough to actually get passionate about a location (before I started work).    This hotel is a fine example of why, to an Englishman, Scotland feels like an exotic foreign country. It's the atmosphere, that elusive something that makes you think 'this is special'. The fact that a lot of the staff were from Poland or the Czech Republic, Italy or Spain, in my view added to the Scottishness of the place.    Don't get me wrong, this is not the traditional whisky, haggis and kilts Scotland we're talking. This is vibrant, liberal, innovative, challenging, attractive, up for it Scotland; Scotland showing its independent spirit by challenging the 'chic corporate complacent consistency' of a lot of major hotel chains.    It works, go there and have an experience.
4 Located in an excellent position adjacent to the old Leith docks, this Hotel is ideal for exploring the many eateries and Tourist attraction of The Royal Yacht Britannia. This Boutique Hotel is a very attractive building and the room we were allocated was a very large size with a half view of the dock area. Great bed and the facilities were excellent too. The only issues we had were that the toilet and sinks were very slow to flush away and the lighting was quite low. The décor in the Hotel was dark and the lighting in general was low. Perhaps this is the ambience of a boutique Hotel?  The food in the restaurant was excellent. The breakfast was extensive and included in our price and initially we thought that the evening meal portions were a little small, however we there was sufficient on the plate after all. Probably wouldn't suit a big eater.   We filled in a comment card regarding the plumbing issues and we have received a favourable letter in follow up. Many Hotels don't do this and generally don't care, but we appreciated this attention by the Management and we will return in due course.  Five star for effort. Four star for lighting and plumbing.
4 A charming, awesome hotel! Its a bit far from the centre of town, but the area is quaint, quiet, and perfect for foodies as theres loads of good restaurants nearby. Just be aware that a cab from the airport will set you back quite a bit (going from one end of Edinburgh to the other). But there's a bus that goes to Princes Street almost right from the doorstep. My room was clean, spacious, quiet. The bed was luxurious, the bathroom decent. Its clearly not extremely modern or the most luxurious rooms, but they're comfortable and welcoming after a long day out. Would definitely happily stay again! The London Insider  http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
5 Gutes Hotel. Im Vergleich zu anderen Hotels fand ich es recht günstig. Gute Lage in Leith. Von dort aus optimale Busanbindung nach Edinburgh Zentrum und zum Flughafen. Viele Restaurants und Bars in der Gegend. Frühstück im Hotel ist den Preis nicht wert. Besser irgendwo außer Haus frühstücken. Würde das Hotel wieder buchen.
4 We spend many an afternoon on their terrace in the summer, had some dinners here and now several Sunday Brunches.  They have been steadily improving on offerings and service.  Their very latest is the Sunday Brunch - which is possibly the biggest one on offer in Scotland. (allegedly).   Making a reservation is required as they are usually fully booked for 3-4 Sundays ahead. They have enough people serving and it is a gluttonous affair.   Basically you start with the entree - which is unlimited (ish) and has salmon parfait, ham hock, waffles, omelets, terrines, soup, eggs, Waldorf salad, croissants, baguette, cheeses, fresh fruit and much much more. The buffet chef will cook what you require.   When that is finished you'll have a main course of either salmon, burgers, steak, Sunday Roast or classic brunch like eggs Benedict.  Desserts are plentiful and change every so often, but there will be a sundae, ice cream and crumbles on offer.  They also offer a selection of 6 different Bloody Marys - take your pick!  The service is pleasant and efficient. Good job.
3 We went to the Mal in Edinburgh for a Christmas getaway on a dinner, dine and breakfast offer. I had had great experiences in other Mals so didn't think too much about the before buying. What we experienced really surprised me in how mixed it was; the room was great value for the location and quality (and that it included parking), but the restaurant element was just kinda wrong. The 3 course set menu felt really niche in options and the 'allowance' if you wanted to go for a la carte instead was a paltry £15.95. £15.95 for three courses, seriously? The front of house staff managed to increase this for one night to make things a little more reasonable, but the second night we just were forced to pay more in order to get food we would actually eat. The breakfast food was poor, with small portions and toaster food continually burnt, which didn't help rectify things. We were told the toaster 'always burnt things' - so why not just invest in a new toaster??? Very odd. Seems to me like great service staff (Yasmine at reception = fantastic) set up for failure by a stingy and uncustomer focussed management team. Three stars. Four if you don't spend money on the restaurant; it's just bad value.
