5 WOW! We heard there was a new Fox restaurant concept that was focused on seafood and we had to make the trip to go check it out. It was 100% worth the almost 2 hour drive. This place is a little hard to find but it is in the same area as another fox restaurant called culinary dropout in Phoenix. It offers valet service and I would suggest you use it because any other parking is hard to find. Upon arrival we were almost immediately greeted by the General Manager Blake, what a awesome guy. He thanked us for coming all the way down from Globe and he made our dining experience extraordinary.   Overall everything we tried was excellent. We had 2 appetizers one was a blue crab toast and the other was a warm jar of buttered crab, both were out of this world good. For entrees we ordered the Cajun shrimp, the bouillabaisse, and the fish and chips. All three were excellent. The Cajun shrimp has a good amount of spice and the fish and chips, for being fried, was very light and flaky.    I would highly recommend trying Little Cloe's Seafood Legend. This is definitely our new favorite seafood place in the Valley. Everything is flown in fresh daily and you can tell.
5 Absolutley AMAZING meal!!! I rarely post on yelp, but...The service was top notch, Ask for Bobby he was great! Food was amazing very we priced for delicious seafood! best fox restaurant I've been too, way different than the rest, much more intimate. The GM chatted with us for a while and was SUPER accommodating. Will deff be back!
5 This was the most pleasant dining experience I have had in recent memmory, from the moment we were greeted at the door until we left it was an absolute pleasure. The service was outstanding, they were very attentive without being too intrusive and our waier, i think his name was Wyndham, gave us an excellent rundown of the menu, down to describing the different flavors in the oysters of the day, his descriptions ofa ll the food and drink were great. We had the sturgeon toast, frog legs, and crab legs, then the donut for dessert. It was all amazing! I also liked the champagne cocktails, I believe they were called Royales. I cannot wait to go back!! I never write reviews but i feel i had to because it was such a great experience - both the food and service.
5 Fox is sometimes too close to a national chain feel for me but in this city with very few really good seafood restaurants (not counting sushi), especially reasonably priced ones (Ocean Club aside)...wait, are there any??? There is now!    Between 5 of us we tried alot and all loved our food- Blue Crab Toast, Hushpuppies, Cajun Shrimp, Quinoa Salad, Oysters and the signature cocktails were stand-outs..all delicious! Our server was quite attentive and the mood/decor was fun & different.    We didn't get a chance to hang out in The Yard but have heard it is very fun- will be back soon!
5 Had dinner at Little Cleo's last week while visiting friends in Phoenix. What a find!! Great food, great service and reasonably priced to boot! The grilled octopus starter is really tasty...and the fresh oyster selection is the best I've found south of Seattle! A great restaurant experience, and I'll definitely go back on my next trip south. Absolutely 5 stars!
5 I came here last night with m'lady and two of our closest 'foodie' friends and I must say, we were very impressed with Little Cleo's. The new gem of the Sam Fox empire lived up to my expectations and then some in terms of ambiance, service, and quality of food.  Walking in, the restaurant is small..ish, with seating at tables and bar stools. The first thing I noticed are the oysters - boom - right in front of you on display and labeled from location. After settling in, you start to get a 'San Francisco' type vibe in the atmosphere with the 40's music, white tiles, open kitchen, etc. (dare I say it - I know Bay Area natives will probably turn up their noses at that as they do for every thing else).  You absolutely cannot come here without getting the oysters, don't even think about it. Second, do you like crab? Well, they have a "Warm jar of King Crab and butter with grilled bread" - verbatim, that is what it says on the menu. I want to die eating a warm jar of king crab and butter, that is how good it was. Lastly, you have to get the frog legs. Don't be a wuss, sack up and eat them. They are delicious, super tender, and have an incredible Thai chili sauce. We ate everything family style, I recommend you do the same.  Top all of it off with great service from our server Casey and you have a fantastic seafood dining experience in Phoenix. Oh, and don't forget to buy the kitchen a beer for $2 before you leave.
5 I thought about deducting a star for the problematic parking situation at Little Cleo's, but the overall experience and food were just too good!  The interior is clean, a tiny bit loud, but well lit and the tables are not crowded.  I was dining with a client, who happens to be a seafood distributor, so we tried just about everything...the meal was AMAZING from start to finish!  We were treated to some complimentary frog legs by the kitchen, it was a good move by them, because those will definitely be something that I order on future visits.  I had never had a frog leg before, so I don't have much to compare, but these were crispy, crunch and dressed in a sweet chile sauce, making them finger licking good, they are a don't miss dish there.  We then had oysters, I don't remember the different kinds that we had, but they were all delicious especially when topped with the house made cocktail sauce that had freshly grated horseradish sprinkled on top.  That same cocktail sauce was also served with the cold shrimp appetizer, the boil seasoning was really good, and added nice flavoring to the shrimp.  We also tried the hush puppies, they were nice and moist unlike some that I have experienced that have been dry and crumbly, they had a nice dipping sauce that they were served with, but it was necessary, they were just as good plain!  For my main course I ordered the Cajun Spice Shrimp....wow...this was an amazing dish!!  I think it is their version of Nawlin's BBQ shrimp, which I happen to love, and this dish brought just enough heat, but not enough to overwhelm the flavor.  There was also some corn and red potatoes in the mix, as well as some nice toasty bread to soak up all of the delicious sauce.  It was truly magic on the plate.  I would 100% recommend Little Cleo's to someone looking for their seafood fix in the desert...even if it means having to circle the block 3 times looking for a parking spot because the valet lot is full.
5 The restaurant reminded me of an old cafe style place. Went on a Friday at 8:30 pm and waited for 15 minutes. Ordered the Bacon & Eggs which is sturgeon and eggs over a thick slice of bread which was very good. The fish and chips was also a good choice and it was fresh and just out of the fryer.   The service was awesome, originally was seated at the bar against a window and could not hear the person next to me so I asked to be moved to a table and was reseated within 10 minutes.   The only negative thing is the lack of parking, be careful to street park and go to the valet if there are any spaces available.
4 Black Kale salad, wow.  Divers scallop crudo. Really good.  Excellent Brown ale.  It was fun to sit at the bar and watch them prepare the food.  Top quality seafood here.
5 Amazing dinner with friends!  Two of my girlfriends and myself met for dinner Saturday evening.  What a great experience, everything from the service, recommendations and the FOOD was great.  Our server Kara could not have more more pleasant, helpful and fun!  We shared 3 apps, seared octopus, crab legs in a jar and frog legs.  All outstanding.  Would highly recommend giving this cute place a chance!
4 My husband, baby and I went here on an early Friday night. The neighboring Yard and Culinary Dropout were pretty crowded, but not so much so that we couldn't find a place to hang out comfortably with baby while we waited for a table. We parked ourselves into a couple of the chairs by the cornhole field. Baby loved watching the athletes play cornhole. The husband and I sipped a on a Pineapple-something beer from The San  Brewing Co. stand - it tasted better than I expected (I'm generally not the hugest fan of San Tan beers). It's noisy out there - the music coming from Culinary Dropout is insanely loud - but good cover for a talkative baby. After a 30 minute wait, we were called in for our table. The hostess and servers were very friendly. The decor was fresh, clean and inviting. We started out by ordering a dozen oysters - but the server had to check to see where the oysters were harvested from (he probably should have known that to begin with as one of this restaurant's main features is an oyster bar). The oysters were delicious and very fresh - we probably could have ordered a few dozen of these and called it a night, but we went with some small plates instead. We got the octopus, hushpuppies, king crab and scallops. Everything was executed well and tasted fresh. We were surprised to have enjoyed the hushpuppies so much. The crab and butter dish was excellent, the scallops were good and my husband really enjoyed the octopus. Are there better seafood places in this world? Yes, but Little Cleo's is pretty good for Phoenix. We'll be back.
5 Although I enjoy the food and atmosphere at the nearby Yard, the service there has been lacking. When I went into Cleo's located inside the Yard I was impressed with the food, service and atmosphere. It's a small restaurant with friendly service, creative seafood and yummy cocktails.
5 I've been here several times and each time it has been a perfect experience.  The food is excellent and the wait staff is just as good.  I also like the old style look of the place and that it has both table and raw bar seating, which looks into the clean, busy and stylish kitchen.  A few of the menu items I've had are diver scallops crudo, grilled octopus, peel & eat shrimp, roasted artichoke hearts, blue crab salad, halibut and bouillabaisse.  The wine selection is also very good.  I recently had a pinot noir on tap that was fantastic.  Enjoy!
4 I met some friends here for dinner tonight and we had a great evening!  The service was welcoming, friendly and helpful with recommendations.  The decor was simple, yet classy - love the open kitchen concept!  The blood orange and pineapple royale was dangerously delicious...could have indulged in more than one for sure!  We decided to share a bunch of small plates and all were fantastic - grilled octopus, blue crab toast, shrimp cocktail, hush puppies, quinoa salad and roasted artichokes.  It was a great way to sample a good portion of the menu, so highly recommended!
1 EW. That about captures it.   We were so excited to see a new Fox Restaurant Concept open up in town. Also, we are HUGE oyster and seafood fans and that's why we were so curious about this restaurant -- especially when they have a huge oyster area up front and state they ship the oysters in fresh every day. However, there is NO WAY these oysters were fresh. They had a mushy/creamy consistency that made it impossible to want to finish them.   We also tried the shrimp cocktail and jar of crab appetizers. Neither one of these were disgusting, but they weren't good. The shrimp cocktail from Costco is much better than this one was and cheaper. The crab was over cooked and extremely pricey for the quality and amount you receive.   This place is expensive to try and not worth it. My advice is skip Little Cleo's and try a different Fox Restaurant Concept instead.
5 I initially went to this restaurant for the raw oyster bar as I am a huge fan and it is tough to find fresh oysters in Arizona. I ended up loving this restaurant and the entire menu. We had oysters, frog legs and tried a southern dish that was extremely good. The food is absolutely wonderful, the staff is very friendly and professionally trained.   For a Phoenix restaurant, I have to put this one as one of my favorites and I look forward to going back with my wife.
5 I'm a big fan of all the restaurants in the Fox Restaurant family.  So when my wife and I were in Scottsdale we decided to head over and try Little Cleo's.  We showed up closer to opening so there wasn't a wait for a table.  Like all the other restaurants in the company, the service was outstanding!  The food was also amazing - I had the fish & chips and washed it down with a Rogue Morimoto bomber.    My only complaint is that there aren't more Fox Restaurants in Texas!
3 In there last night for dinner....waitresses kinda snarky...no Canadian whisky at bar....28.00 halibut just ok...my daughter had Bouliabasse...she liked it....  Best item was shrimp cocktail they peeled it....not a hard item to serve though....better off being more family style than gourmet....IMO
5 I like this place. We sat at the bar and had fantastic service from Bobby. One (of many things) that Fox does right is they hire/train their staff and the service is always terrific  I always enjoy watching how everyone pitches in and all of the employees' outstanding attention to detail. I think other restaurants should take note, food tastes better when you are well taken care of...seriously!  I had a sour cherry paloma cocktail (a tequila based drink)  and I have to say it is probably my favorite drink in town now. Very yummy!It was served (as was my friend's beer) in a cute mason jar. The one caveat was that it was an $11.00 drink, (but easy to justify since I get a lot of Fox gift cards as gifts and used one Saturday night.) :) Yay!  My friend and I decided to share shrimp cocktail which I felt was a generous portion and the sauce had the right amount of kick. We also shared the king crab with butter in jar w/ grilled bread...yum...very succulent (not a word I use a lot...but my brain kept thinking it while I was eating...so i will go with it)...:) We also ordered some garlic fries with aioli saude..(oink..oink) They were thick cut wedges-pretty good but I probably wouldn't order them again.( I will save my french fry quota for the year for El Charro and their to-die-for truffle fries..)  I did not partake in their oysters which is their specialty but have made a commitment that that will be the route I take next time I am there.  The restaurant is located in the midst of the Yard and Culinary dropout and the Yard bar was hopping on Saturday night. Little Cleo's itself is quite small and very modern with an open kitchen and the back wall of restaurant opposite the  bar is all windows so you can people watch if you are so inclined.
4 Went here for restaurant week and it was phenomenal! Service was great and food was delicious!  Apps - Frog legs - simply mind blowing. Can I get a larger bucket please? Grilled octopus - so tender it melts in your mouth. Some of the best I've ever had King crab jar - large jar of king crab and butter what's not to like about it? It is pricey but worth the splurge. Only complaint is the jar is top heavy so be careful because it gets messy when you spill.   Entrees Albacore tuna - very tasty and creative. Wanted/needed more of the steak sauce Fish and Chips - HUGE portion of perfectly crispy fish! It was the favorite.  Bouillabaisse - perfectly cooked seafood in a delicious broth. No complaints here!   Dessert Buttermilk pie - So GOOD makes you want to smack your mama.  Donuts - I could eat these donuts on a daily basis with that caramel apple butter. AND they give you the entire donut (donut and hole).   I will definitely be putting this place on the restaurant rotation!
5 This is a little gem which you may not expect to find in Phoenix.  We wanted oysters and celebrate last night so we thought we might try to get a seat.  We were happy to sit at the bar and felt very New Orleans like.  Great service, oysters were delish, yummy clam chowder for starters.  The crab salad to follow and then we split the Cajun Shrimp dish which was absolutely delightful with potatoes, corn on the cob, bread and giant shrimp all in this yummy Cajun sauce.  Oh and the butternut squash side dish is a MUST.  Just thinking about it all this morning is making me hungry!  Then a night cap at the bar in the Yard for some people watching and it was a perfect night.  Cheers!!
5 This place was great. Was in town from Seattle and a little skeptical of the thought of oysters in the desert, flown in daily or not.  Generally I'm not a huge oyster fan anyway but my dinner mate ordered them.  They we're probably the best oysters I've had in my mind, simply fantastic.  The horseradish that came with it was perfect. I got the crab butter dish, which was crab in a jar full of butter.  A little decadent but I loved it too.   Got the shrimp cocktail as well, which was great, the shrimp are peeled so that takes  care of the biggest pain of eating prawns. (My friend got some sort of salad, which she liked, i forgot which) But the best part of Little Cleo's the server was friendly and fun, as was all the rest of the staff.  Halfway through dinner my friend got a personal emergency call and returned distraught and upset - the server came right over and brought her a shot to calm her down. If i lived in AZ i'd be a regular.
5 Loved this place.  It was great to get seated in back by the yard but still inside.  ordered about 5 plates and loved everything.  get the crab in the jar it is basically a cup a butter with crab in it.........waiter was great and it was really cool to have three different places inside one location/
4 Might just be the best seafood in town! Try the fresh crab in a Mason jar, and the fresh oysters! This place reminds me of the Oyster Bar in Grand central Station! Sam Fox does it again!!!! BRAVO
5 Just as you walk in from the parking lot of Culinary Drop Out, (a new Sam Fox project of mammoth proportions) and approach the hostess table, on your right side, you find yourself looking through a huge window into Little Cleo's. Looks like a classic dinner.  Subway tiles, old fashioned light fixtures, tables by the window, and a long bar overlooking the kitchen.  This place is spotless.  Clean, shiny, unpretentious, and comfy.  A quaint little eatery.    My girlfriend and I were there to have dinner at Culinary Drop Out with a group of friends (which we eventually did) but we got there first and there was at least a half hour wait.  So we decided to go into Little Cleo's and have a small bite or two while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.  The service is impeccable.  Friendly, knowledgeable, professional staff who greet you with a smile, make great recommendations from the awesome menu, and a  are just as polite as can be.    We chatted up our server about the drink menu and he suggested I try the "Subtle Menace".  A potent, yet refreshing libation with gin, absinthe, sauv blanc, and lime.  Poured over ice it was absolutely delicious.  I felt the effects of that absinthe right away.  (To my Armenian friends, it tasted a bit like oghee).  My girl had the "Sour Cherry Paloma".  Top shelf tequila, veev acai, cherry bitters, and grapefruit juice.  Also, very refreshing, and very yummy.  Not quite as strong as my drink though.  Thank goodness.  Someone had to be responsible.  Then came the food.  WOW!!!  I was absolutely blown away.  We started off with the "warm jar of king crab and butter with grilled bread".  A small jar with succulent pieces of plump, sweet crab meat nestled in a slightly-more-than-warm bath of drawn butter, with just a hint of garlic.  Served along side a stack of rustic, crusty, toasted and buttered french bread.  I couldn't resist.  I stuck my fork in the jar, pulled out a mouthful of crab dripping with steamy melted butter, piled it on top of a piece of bread that i had dunked in the jar and shoved the whole think in my mouth.  Hey!  It's my birthday, I'll be obnoxious if i want to!  I was in culinary bliss.  Perfection!   Then came the  "bacon & eggs".  Get a load of this.  House made sturgeon (yeah, the fish) bacon, creme fraiche and toast topped with a sunny side up egg!  OOOOOOH, EMMMMMMMMMM, GEEEEEEEEEEE!  When i cut through the egg yolk, and that golden goodness oozed all over the crispy, buttered toast, i swear I had a culinary boner!  It was something i had never experienced before but cant wait to experience again.  Absolutely delicious.  Seasoned perfectly with the right amount of salt and pepper.  Sam Fox is a culinary titan in AZ.  He has so many eateries.  I've had the privilege to eat in several of them and none disappoint.  the next time I'm in AZ I'm going back to Little Cleo's for sure.  There is still a lot of menu that requires exploring!!  IF YOU LIKE SEAFOOD EVEN SLIGHTLY, I HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
5 My boyfriend and I decided to come here instead of waiting an hour for culinary drop out and were not disappointed.   We were seated immediately and I asked for recommendations for what to get. Our server    told us about the scallops for an appetizer, the bouillabaisse and the grass fed New York strip. My boyfriend ordered a drink and we ordered everything she recommended.   His drink arrived and he told me to take a sip. I couldn't identify what was in it by taste but it was very citrusy. He ordered the Subtle menace which had gin, wine and absinthe. It was pretty smooth for having all of that in it.   The scallops were interesting. I've never tasted anything like it or can compare it to anything I've tasted. They were good to try but I wouldn't get them again.   Our entrees arrived and the portions looked rather small (compared to what I expected for the price) but was delicious! The New York strip was cooked to perfection and was fuchsia pink unlike at other steaks that sometimes tend to be bloody and runny. My dish had an abundance of flavors and we finished every bite. In the end the portions were the perfect size. You didn't walk out of there hating yourself or on the edge of a food coma.     The wait staff were all very friendly and the vibe of the place feels casual. Don't come here if you're trying to eat light!
5 The meal here was amazing. Each dish that was brought out was better than the previous. My boyfriend and I easily claim our dinner at Little Cleo's one of the best in the valley. I can't wait to come back. The brocollini vegetable side dish and the hush puppies were ridiculous. The tuna steak was amazing as well, and the pumpkin fritters were for sure the best way to end a truly delicious meal!
5 Spending a bunch of my life living in San Diego I have always stayed away from seafood in landlocked cities like PHX. I became a huge seafood snob. Little Cleo's was one of the few seafood places I have tried in the valley. I was pleasantly surprised by how fresh the fish and crab were. Fish was light and flaky and didn't have the frozen fish taste. The warm jar of King Crab and butter was phenomenal! Loved the decor and felt like I was at an oyster house on the east coast. Little Cleo's deserves the 4 1/2 stars. Thank's again Yelpers for the spot on ratings.
5 Been here a few times now and made it official one of my favorite places to eat..   Tonights dinner was great:  British Columbia Oysters Shrimp  Hush puppies  Big blue crab jar and butter (forgot the official name)    "Eggs and ham"  NY steak  Malbec and death in the afternoon for drinks...  There was two people for all of this food!   Crazy! But yummy!   Was my friends first time here so I felt the need to get a selection of different things but then share it all..   Been going here regularly there are some thing you just have to get and so we did.  All in all you cant go wrong with anything.
3 - Design, build out and atmosphere is really good  - Hostess was very friendly and accommodating  - Waiter was real pushy but attentive and accurate  - Blue crab toast tastes like a good tuna sandwich, not blue crab  - Octopus was a good presentation but just OK as a dish - Kale Salad was the best thing we ordered - Shrimp Po-boy was pretty legit and I'd get it again   Overall, good but not excellent. I'd have a hard time recommending for the price point.
5 Arrived late- 9pm on a Friday. Awesome staff. Out of some things- but great west coast oysters, scallop crudo, frogs legs... beer. Casual and a great road trip find.
5 I had the good fortune of experiencing this place during restaurant week -- probably wouldn't have ventured out otherwise. I had the frog legs, which really did taste like chicken, cajun shrimp, red potato, corn & grilled bread, and for dessert a bite of the infamous donuts (too much sugar for me). Everything was heavenly. For the entree, I would have loved more veggies but it was a meat and potato kinda dish, lol. For the frog legs, after a few bites, I didn't feel guilty anymore, lol. I was like frog.. I can't eat frog, but alas I was wrong.  The restaurant was so cute and the open kitchen was actually inviting. Some kitchens, I'd rather not see. The service was impeccable and the waiters had personalities! Would totally go back.
5 My friend treated me to a birthday dinner. When she had asked if I've ever been to Little Cleo's I said no I hadn't, and I've never been to a Fox restaurant I didn't like. Guess what, this one was awesome too.  Located within "The Yard" it's smaller than I was expecting. It has a large counter-style seating area around the kitchen (which is all open), and then a row of tables along the main window. Despite the two walls of windows it had a cool "underground" feel, perhaps due to the stark white subway tiles. We arrived about 8:00 on a Saturday night and sat at the counter area. The menu looks really delicious: small plates, large entree plates, vegetable dishes, sides, we had a difficult time deciding which items to try!  Rather than each getting a large entree we opted for a bunch of smaller plates.   The grilled octopus and masa cake Blue crab toast Grilled broccolini and romanesco Swiss chard Cole slaw Buttermilk pie for dessert  Everything was delicious, everything. My favorite was the grilled octopus and the broccolini/romanesco. We took our time, talked, ate everything. It was awesome. Service was very friendly and the food arrived very promptly after placing our order. They also have a neat cocktail selection and a few wines by the glass.  Will definitely be back to try more off their menu!
2 Scallop crudo dish tasted grotesque. Weird off flavors of sour cream bacon mixed with raw fish was just unpleasent.  The Boullabaisse was good though, well cooked fish & deep flavored broth.  Cocktails were poorly made, maybe an off night. Based off the boullabaisse I would return for another try, perhaps with wine next time.
4 My friend and I went down the street to Little Cleo's this evening for dinner.  The parking (as usual) was a chaos around the Yard, and the neighborhood now had lighted signs saying that the parked vehicles will be issued a ticket (can't blame the neighbors).  The valet service is complimentary, and the guys working at the booth are always super friendly.  My valet ticket got lost in the restaurant today, and the guys did not give me a hard time at all.    We entered the restaurant around 5:45 on a Friday, and it was not busy.  We ordered the warm jar of king crab and bread, some oysters from New England and California, and the bouillabasse.    The warm jar of king crab was sweet and loaded with butter.  It is one of those love and hate relationships where it starts off so good then the butter just overloads you over time.   The oysters are on the more expensive side, but they are flown in from their respective waters daily - I suppose we are paying for their airfare.  That thought tends to make me feel better about the money I'm spending.    The best part of the meal was the bouillabasse.  The creamy tomato sauce over fresh scallops, shrimp, mussels and salmon was really to die for.         Loved the staff that was working tonight at the restaurant.  All of them were upbeat and looked like they wanted to be there.  They are also handing out 25% off coupons to use for the month of January.  So, get there fast!
5 Service was impeccable. Food came out fast. Commentary valet. The menu was unusual but delicious. Prices were moderate and reasonable. Went on a week night, made a reservation, but there was plenty of room for us.  It is part of "The Yard" which give you a great place to have a cocktail afterward. I would highly recommend you check this place out.
5 Phenomenal birthday dinner. Cute restaurant at the Yard. Made reservations for 4 for a Saturday night at 5:30. Glad we decided on early...was already getting busy.. Parked the car at the free valet....nice. Started with a few drinks and appetizers. The guys had a medley of oysters which they said were good. Also tried the garlic bread, the octopus and the black kale salad. All yummy. The octopus served in a tasty sauce and cooked perfectly-not chewy. And the kale salad was great. As it was my birthday, I went with the king crab legs. Others had Cajun shrimp, bouillabaisse, and the fish and chips. All of the dishes looked so good. My crab was excellent. Maybe steamed then finished off with a quick grill. It was a good serving, stayed hot and was nice and sweet. So good dipped in the side of herbed, melted butter. Best crab I have had in a long time.  Our party was celebrating 2 birthdays, so we went with 2 desserts, the buttermilk pie and the pumpkin fritters..both yummy and enough to share. And desserts were on the house, even better. Service was also good, our waitress was very knowledgeable and knew everything about the food and menu. Food came out quickly and was a great atmosphere in the restaurant as well as outside in the yard. We played a few games outside in the yard after dinner as well. Can't wait to go back!
5 The service is excellent, and the atmosphere is brilliant.  I wish i have discovered this little gem a little earlier.  It is located at The Yard which is in itself is a great concept with Culinary Drop out sharing a commute out door area.    We ordered the oyster shooters to start, i personally wasn't really into oyster to begging with but thru the suggestion of our server we were able to pick out a medium size more buttery flavor oyster with their signiture home made cocktail sauce, and it was a success! LOVED IT!  And we ordered the crispy froglegs, it is unique and flavorful, the way i could discribe how it taste would be a combination between "fine chicken tenderloin with catfish" (quote from the manager Casey), and it is excatly how it taste like.    I had the king crab legs as my main course and my better half had the bouillabaisse.  i would defnitely recommend both entreys .  And for dessert we had the five spice pumpkin fritters, which was amazing, fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside.    over all i give it a 4 thumbs up!!
3 I'm so disappointed. I've been looking forward to eating here for so long and I was not that impressed. The food and service were just ok. They were out of almost everything we wanted to try at 8:30 on a Saturday. How can you be such a busy place and run out of French fries on a Saturday night?  Husband had oysters before I arrived. I hate them anyway but he said they were amazing. We had a variety of drinks and they were good.  We loved the scallop crudo and the crab in a jar is definitely amazing. The frog legs were good too. I sent back the lobster bisque. Probably the worst I've ever had (I'm used to the one at T Cooks and Joe's Stone Crab). Husband loved the bouillabaisse but I wasn't impressed.  We felt ignored most of the time and there weren't that many people at the bar most of the time.  I feel like I should give this a higher rating because some of the food was great but, overall, my high expectations were not met. I think this is most photos I've taken for a meal I hope to never repeat.
3 Little Cleo's was just ok for me.  We made reservations outside which was a mistake.  The outdoor portion of this restaurant is situated in The Yard, which on a Saturday is possibly the loudest place you could think to go.  Our server greeted us right away and we asked for a moment to look over the menu.  That minute turned into an hour.  With a 7pm reservation, we didn't place an order until 8pm because we'd flagged another server.  At this point I was starving and looking forward to the oysters we'd ordered.  14 dollars for a half dozen oysters.  They came out and were very small.  They tasted great, but were just tiny and they were the "big ones" according to our server.  Everything at Little Cleo's is a la carte and there is nothing to hold you over (like bread unless you pay extra).  The Kale salad was phenomenal.  My husband loved the quinoa salad though I felt it was a bit too sweet for my taste.  He had the King Crab and I the bouillabaisse.  Both were excellent.  Overall the food was very good and my drink, Death in the Afternoon, was very strong and I liked it.  My feelings ended up being mixed for Little Cleo's.  It seemed to be an entirely different experience for those sitting inside.  I felt a bit like the red headed stepchild outside.  It was loud and we seemed to be forgotten.  For what we paid here, we've had far better experiences.  The seafood at Ocean Trails is equally good, and not anywhere near as expensive.  If you throw in the horrible parking experience (free valet sounded good, but they were full.  Once that happens you are parking across the street and playing frogger to get there) and the fact it is too loud to talk to your dining companion, I'm almost certain I'd never return.
3 I was a little disappointed because they were out of everything! They had three appetizers that were sold out and even ran out of the house Cab I was drinking. I waited at least twenty minutes to order a beer while I waited for my wife too. Besides that the king crab in a jar was phenomenal and the bouillabase was fantastic. We also tried the frog legs and scallop crudo....both were delicious!
4 My father-in-law was visiting from CT. and both him and my husband love seafood so found Little Cleo's on yelp and decided to try it out. Parking is insane, so we went with the complimentary valet. I really liked the open atmosphere of the place and service was fast and friendly. I was not impressed with the menu.They have what's called a small plate and large plate option and it seemed the only way to get crab legs was on the large plate option and was basically $40 a plate. Didn't really say anything was with it or the size of the portion. The small plate had crab in a jar which didn't sound too appetizing. They only had one steak on the menu so I went with it, the new york strip and potatoe rosti. My meat wasn't cooked right and sat on what I can only describe as overcooked hashbrowns that were to crunchy to eat. I asked for a long island and they said they don't normally make them but they could make one for me.? Ended up ordering the sour cherry paloma off thier spirits list which was amazing! Im giving 4 stars because the seafood lovers I were with, both ordered the bouillabaisse and said it was amazing. Also Im not going to base my review off a steak. Its obvious Im too redneck for a place like this anyways. lol..  The service was good and we all had a great time overall. :)
5 Bring on San Francisco, New Orleans...  you name it.  We have our own world class seafood place right here in Phoenix.  Beautiful, fresh seafood.  The ambiance is as brilliant as is the service.  The perfect mix between classy, casual and just plain old fun.  Very positive vibe.  In a market crammed with fantastic options for fine dining, we'll be back often.
3 First yelp ever! And this is going to be so Long :/.  So I've worked in the service industry for 10+years and have always hated this site..but here I am..yelping..and I hate that I am going to do this but the service was T-E-R-R-I-B-L--E...waited at the host stand for almost 5 minutes before being greeted & sat for our reso..no water or greeting happened for almost 10 mins after being sat..then was greeted by the manager.  Was a great guy and helped us out, but after ordering our wine and beer from him took again almost 10 mins to get our drinks..oysters were awesome!! Crab in a jar phenomenal! Those items being the only reason why I'm giving Cleo's 3 stars. After these apps drinks were again empty..and no water! Ordered the grilled octopus as entree and half was beyond grilled, to a point of very crispy and blackened..no good..and when I complained to the server at the end of the meal all that I got was an apology..I really do hate doing this but the meal should have absolutely been taken off of our $120 bill..whatever we should have said something to the manager and not her..ambience sucked it was way too bright and this night being my "valentines day" I am beyond disappointed..it wasn't even busy and the service still sucked! Not impressed Sam fox, not impressed at all...
5 Phenomenal!  Everything was sooooo fresh! I had the shrimp, oyters, bacon & egg toast, clam chowder, salmon and steak. Definitely will visit again since I went on Valentine's night and there was a limited menu for the holiday.
3 Valentines Day! First time and last time. The food was delicious and the service wonderful. We loved the Boulibasse and New York strip! But if I'm going to spend $200+ I don't want to be sitting in uncomfortable metal chairs and feel like I'm in a cafeteria or trailer park! Too casual for the prices.....do you really think someone is going to sit at a counter and spend $$$ for dinner?  Really bummed for the long drive to have dinner.
5 I'm reviewing this based on a private event we held at Little Cleo's where we rented out the entire space, so not a typical night at the restaurant.   We worked with Keri and Lexie as coordinators for the event, and they were so pleasant to work with. Extremely responsive, thorough, and really listened to our needs and adjusted our plans as such. We had a tough situation - tight budget with a lot of people with different needs (vegetarian, non-seafood, etc) and they accommodated everything we needed.  We arrived with 61 people all at once and were immediately greeted with a well laid out space, the right amount of staff, and booze set out and ready to go. They had printed custom menu's and immediately began taking our orders. The service was impeccable - so nice, appropriately staffed, and all over our drinks and food orders.  The food came out in waves, which I expected given the size of our group. The entrees took a little while for some tables, but overall it was okay since the drinks were flowing and the appetizers came out really quickly. All of the food was really well cooked - I had the seafood chowder, steak entrée, and we all had the fritters for dessert. The food was delicious - and I consider myself a bit of a foodie. I would definitely come back and trust ordering anything off the menu. Others had the kale salad, tuna, and chicken dish (we were working off a prix fixe menu) and I heard zero complaints.  The Yard is also a nice area to hang out in, and coincidentally other co-workers were at a neighboring restaurant at the same time, so we got to all hang out and play games later.  Net/net - they took excellent care of our high maintenance group, and I would go back there in a heart beat with any size group on any size budget.
5 Very impressed by the food. Had the oysters and grilled octopus to start. The oysters and the sauces were perfect. Well shucked and plump and tasty. The grilled octopus was tender and sweet and the crispy masa was especial. The broth for the bouillabaisse was rich and saffrony and each type of seafood was perfectly cooked. The blueberry buttermilk pie topped off the meal well. Even the coffee and the Pinot Noir on tap was good. All in all, worth the price. The ambiance is a bit diner-like but the food more than makes up for it.
5 After leaving my first review, the manager, Mike Donaldson, contacted me and was concerned that my experience was not the norm.  In my mind, that kind of follow through shows incredible customer service, so we made a return visit to Little Cleos.  We sat inside this time and it was so much better.  It has a cool 1920's nautical vibe going on.  The manager was so nice and our server was amazing.  The service was some of the best I have experienced.  She didn't hesitate to recommend some of her favorite dishes and she was spot on.  The crab in a jar is fabulous.  I had a cocktail called the Subtle Menace which was CRAZY good.   The cajun shrimp was spicy - just how I like it and my hubby had the NY Strip which came covered in a crab sauce.  Delish.  Pumpkin fritters were like home made donuts like my mom in law makes, but with more pizazz.  Overall, I am glad we gave this place a second chance.  It was immensely better this time and judging from how happy the servers all seemed, and how in tune the manager was with his staff and customers, I'm pretty sure our first experience was just a fluke.  I was more than impressed with Little Cleos and will return.   Of all the things I've tried, I still recommend the bouillabaisse and kale salad because they were out of this world.
4 Expensive but worth it I suggest best save it for a special occasion for a couple or small group oysters are STARTING at $18.00 FOR 6 but I will say that the employee  are friendly and very helpful drink sections are great. The coolest part that there are three choices within the same build so after dinner you can step right out the door and enjoy a drink and play games at the Yard
5 Ridiculously fabulous!! Seriously me and hubs came to check it out, however located inside the yard "culinary dropout" is this little hidden gem called little Cleo's ... Wed night it is like a female hooters with all the hot guys that eye candied for me, jazzy music, fantastic food, we are in heaven. I'll add pics!
4 This was the only Fox Restaurant we haven't tried, and like the others, Little Cleo's didn't disappoint. We were seated promptly, our server was very informative about the oysters and provided her favorites, some dishes came out really quickly. We decided to graze for our dinner and ordered the small dishes to share, and they were all absolutely delicious. For our next visit we will try the large entrees. Only opportunity for the experience would be that our server had forgotten a glass of wine we ordered and we had to ask for napkins a couple times.
4 The service was great, and very prompt. My only complaint was that it is a bit pricey. The oysters were wonderful. However, they looked at me strangely when I asked for saltine crackers. Maybe it's just a regional thing, but I don't think I've ever had a raw oyster without them. Bring your own I guess.
4 Three of us loved everything we had, which was the shrimp po boy ($14) black kale salad $10), fish and chips ($17), a mixed veggie dish called Romanesco ($6), and a special crab cake ($21).  There were only two modest size crab cakes, which were very good, but the price seemed high for the little portion.  Ask for a good description and the price before ordering the special of the day.  We had two good glasses of wine for $8 and $9.75.  With a $16 tip the total for the three of us was $114.28. Our server was very good, and she had a great 1940's theme hair style.  Very fun!    $3 tip for the valet parking.  Parking is valet only due to limited parking.  Don't let the line for valet parking scare you off.  It moves fast.  Go and have fun!
5 Overall very satisfied with the restaurant and atmosphere. Come earlier than your reservation as this place is located inside "the yard" which is a great covered outside area. It joins three fox concepts together with a large space to mingle before and after dinner.  We had a few cocktails from culinary dropout first which were all good. Then played bags in the yard, a very nice service from the tapas bar brought us over some goodies to sample while we were playing for free!   The dinner service was great I got the frog legs to start and ended up making the whole table try one. Even the squeamish loved this app, the oysters on the half shell were straightforward but good too.   We then split up a bunch of entrees and small plates for the whole table which I highly recommend. Then we ended with the buttermilk pie which was excellent...
5 Made reservations on Open Table for 7:45 on a busy Saturday night, showed up half hour early and were promptly seated.  For appetizers I ordered a half dozen oysters and my wife got the sweetcorn hush puppies, both of which were awesome.  I ordered the bouillabaisse, which I wish was a little spicier, but that's just a personal preference. It was very filling and cooked perfectly. My wife ordered a few of the vegetable sides, all of which she liked as well.  Parking is a little difficult but the complimentary valet is quick.  Overall I was very impressed, would recommend.
3 This place is a great hangout as it shares a common outdoor area with about 2 or 3 other restaurants where you can play ping pong and other games.  I'd give this place a 4, but I kinda have something against their oyster prices. Even the cheap pacific oysters that were super salty came at a steep price - it was about $2-2.50 per oyster.  No thanks.   But the rest of the food we ordered was pretty good. Not stellar like, omg I'm up at 1am craving this stuff, but it was good.  I was with a group of 5 girls so we ordered (besides the oysters) a couple orders of the crab in a jar of warm butter, couple orders of corn hush puppies, frog legs, and the cajun shrimp.  I loved the frog legs, as it wasn't gamey or had a weird flavor at all.  It's marinated in a sweet fish garlic sauce that goes well with the meat but wasn't too pungent or salty.  The corn hushpuppies are semi sweet with a light sprinkle of salt on the outside - those are kind of addicting.  The crab in warm butter... I'm not sure how u can go wrong with crab and butter.  It comes with some garlic bread too that you can soak up the butter with.  And the cajun shrimp - not out of this world but the cajun flavors were good and if you ask for more bread to dip in the sauce, all will seem right in the world.
5 My dad and I are from out of state and decided to try something good during our stay in Arizona. Little Cleo's was so amazing! Service was excellent, and the food was even more amazing!   Had their top tier oysters (don't remember how to spell what type but they were from British Columbia). The oysters were so fresh and tasty! I wish I could go back and eat more. Ha ha. If you come here, definitely get oysters!   We also had the crispy frog legs, jar of crabs, and the kale salad. Everything delicious! I especially liked the frog legs! Being Chinese, frog legs aren't foreign to me, but Little Cleo's really spiced them up!   We also had the buttermilk pie. It was okay, but not my favorite.   Word of warning: if you have never been to area, the building is a little confusing. The whole building is called "The Yard." The Yard has 3 restaurants with the building, which is really cool but confusing for newcomers. We bumped into people who were just as confused as us!
3 Food is good, nice ambience, the service is substandard. We had to wait for 15 minutes for our reserved table, even though it was empty and it took them so long to clean and set it. We were graciously offered drinks while waiting, but they took 20 minutes to arrive.   My wife and I had 2 dozen of their California oysters, Grassy Bar and Carlsbad Luna, and at $14 per half dozen they are good value, and very fresh. We had their more expensive oysters (Kusshi from BC) last time, and didn't like them too much (too sweet and creamy). Grassy Bar, in our opinion were the best, nicely balanced, slight mineral taste, not too sweet not too salty, nice texture and aftertaste.   Oysters were followed by crispy frog legs in thai sauce, roasted octopus, bouillabaisse, and buttermilk cake. The food was delicious, although bouillabaisse was a little on a saltier side. The service was friendly, but inattentive. We had to constantly ask for napkins, cutlery, water, wine top up, and bread. The waiters were very apologetic every time but still inept. I've seen better service at some cheap diners. It's a pity that the management doesn't make an effort to recruit and/or train the right staff. We were there a couple of times last year, and the service was much better then.  We'll probably come back again for oysters (they have a nice oyster bar), but don't expect much in terms of service.
5 Great food and atmosphere, loved the oysters, kale salad was awesome and then loup de mer was amazing
5 What a totally cool concept.  Adult fun and games with fine food.  They even had frog legs which is a Midwest delicacy that I cannot find in Az.  We went during restaurant week and the place was packed.  The only downside is valet parking was full so we had to park a block away.
5 Little Cleo's made our anniversary so special!  Food was great but even better was the staff.  Brooke was sweet and considerate, remembering it was our anniversary and even brought us champagne and a special dessert!
5 A bit pricey but delicious. The shellfish was very fresh and the sauces flavorful. Very good seafood in Phoenix.
5 A year ago Cleo's was a 3.5 , now its a 5  . Execution , execution , execution . Servers Tyler , Casey first rate , they get it  .Hostesses greeting customers with a smile ,  Food first rate . Its a well oiled machine waiting for customers and lately its getting them . If Fox stick with this concept it will pay off .
5 If you like fresh seafood this is the place for you!!  From the amazing raw bar to seafood entrees this place has it covered and the service was top notch as well
5 First and foremost, I have to frame the context of our visit: our first experience to Little Cleo's was on the day of our second anniversary. We wanted to the event to not only be special in ambiance, but also paired with exquisite food. We were a little hesitant because of it's location within the 'Yard' complex, and were worird we about the noise, but this restaurant culminated a little niche of it's own. Little did we know, we got much more than we had ever expected!   We made reservations, even though it was a Monday, just to be sure. And we are glad that we did! For a Monday, the restaurant was quite busy! We decided to sit at the oyster bar, which was awesome because we had the pleasure of watching the chefs prepare the meals! These guys are meticulous technicians, and it showed during their preparation and presentation of the dishes.   Moving on to our server. I wish I could name drop him right now, because he was simply put: excellent. He walked us through the myriad of menu options, from the prefixed menu to the seasonal dishes, and provided some great insight as to the menus key dishes. We were so thankful that we considered his suggestions!! Not only that, but he also gave some worthwhile advice on the appropriate parings with the dishes: from cocktails paired with appetizers, wine with the entrees and cordials with dessert. This man was dialed in, attesting to his self-descriptive title of being a 'foodie', that my wife and I easily identify with!   The food, was bar none, the best seafood we have ever had on this side of the country (and arguably some of the best we have ever had in general). Mind you- we have been spoiled with the freshest oysters from the New England coast and same-day catches from the South Atlantic off the coast of Florida, so there was a pretty high bar to surpass.   From the assortment of raw oysters, seared scallops, grilled octopus, flayed sea bass and apexing with soft beignets dipped in bourbon-caramel reduction. Simply amazing. Presentation was gorgeous, portion size was generous and taste is nearly indescribable. Granted, the price point is up there, but the quality really justifies this. Not just any restaurant can provide excellent quality seafood in the middle of the Sonoran desert.   Nearing the end of our visit, we were given a sample of their house made limoncello. A perfectly sweet nightcap to solidify an amazing experience. It is a sure bet that we will be back. My only regret is not getting the name of our server, this man needs to be applauded for making our experience what it was.
4 We went there as a group of 10 for a bday party. Complementary valet parking was nice. Everyone loved the food and the cocktails were amazing. The service was awesome. My only real complaint was that it was so hot in there. I mean tons of windows without shades and the sunlight streaming in  was killer. Not to mention there were no fans overhead as there were in the outside area. Almost everyone complained about the heat. We got there about 6:30pm. The place is very small so if you have a large group I highly suggest calling and making a reservation. Also they were out of the donuts For dessert so one of my friends was disappointed. Very nice atmosphere, three restaurants in one joined by a nicely lit outdoor patio bar common area.
4 First tip: Sit at the counter, watch the chefs. The vibe is really cool and if your an industry person you will have a great time (even if your not you will get a kick out of it all) The gentleman who helped us was knowledgeable and very professional. He knew when to offer advice and when to just let us enjoy the show. I give him 5 stars for sure.  Food was excellent and fresh. We wanted to try as many items as we could and we were not disappointed with anything! We stared with oysters, couldn't tell you which ones, we went with our servers recommendation. Yum!! We then got the appetizer with king crab meat served in a mason jar of clarified butter... I wanted to drink the deliciousness when I was done stuffing my face with king crab meat. The grilled bread served with it was simple and tasty. Then we had the Scallop Crudo, another home run but not as memorable as our entree the Bouillabaisse. By far the best thing we had that night. So much flavor - even if it was a tad over salted. Ask for more bread with this one, your going to want to slop up all that saucy goodness...don't be shy... you know you want to.
5 Great atmosphere and seafood.  The front counter by the oyster bar is very cool and where we wanted to sit to be in all the action, but it was already full so we sat at one of the little tables right behind it.  We ordered the "king crab in a jar" appetizer ($22) and omg it was awesome!!  Both of our entrees were very tasty as well.  I ordered the ahi tuna and my husband got the cajun shrimp.  Portions are not huge, I was able to finish my entire plate which never happens!!  If you are a big eater, you might need to order an extra appetizer or one of the vegetable sides or something.  We had the donuts for dessert which were so good as well.    Plan to spend some dough at this place, especially if you are getting drinks, desserts etc.  Will definitely be back.
