5 My not-so-secret, secret lunch spot might be the best deal in Madison!  The lunchbox special is an absolute must. $7.50 gets you one of LVD's enormous made-to-order sandwiches (including any of the numerous daily special sandwiches named for celebrities who have a birthday on the day of the special); a side salad; and choice of chips, cookie or soda. The deal is absurd.  You might avoid the coffee, but the fresh baked goods are top notch. Please read this review and never go to the Lakeview Deli so it can remain my little secret...
4 This place sucks. Really.  Because I'm always hungry and will officially be an attorney in 2 days, I'm going to call myself Hungry Attorney II.  I don't know if it's their reasonably-priced, god-awfully delicious sandwiches or the outrageously cheap, fresh breads for $1.75 (today's was a habanero cheese that easily blows away Stella's), but this really is a place no one should visit. Ever.  I'm pretty much copying the other reviewer, but stay away from this gem. Its deliciousness should continue to go unnoticed, so I can enjoy short lines and chat time with the bakers.  Awesomeness.
5 LOVE!
4 I'm surprised this spot isn't more popular. It is small, cute, and everything is homemade and de-licous.   I happened in one afternoon and their special was a meatball sub. Now, this isn't my normally my jam, but it was a chilly afternoon and I was starving so I went for it.   Seriously? Best meatball sub ever. The bread was amazing. The meatballs were tender and flavorful. The marinara was super fresh tasting. Add to all of this the fact that I had a delicious side salad and a super yummy cookie and they have themselves a return customer.   I have been back a few times since then and other sandwiches have been equally delicious, with the salads being the only weak point, but I will give them a pass on that because the sandwiches are so huge that I rarely make it to the sides anyway.   This is definitely a top notch lunch spot. Check it out!
5 Excellent and daily wide assortment of scratch-prepared pastries, salads and sandwiches. Very good coffee. Super friendly and helpful.
5 When I saw Lakeview only had five reviews I felt compelled to write one.  I eat here all the time. I don't get bored because they will make you anything as long as they have the ingredients on hand.  The soups are really good, the bakery is fantastic and staff are all straight up Ballers. The lunch box for seven and a half bucks is a super deal and will fill you up. Also, free samples!  Pro tip: Get there early on Wednesdays. Get the [meat]balls before they're gone.
5 The employees here are awesome! The food, even better! I especially love their breakfast sandwiches! The cookies and pastries are really good too. Try their Litebox lunch or the Lunchbox items. Comes with either a half sandwich or whole sandwich and a choice of many sides.
