1 I am writing in regards to the verizon store on mcKellips and greenfield. When we went in and felt like we were not welcome so after that the mng. was looking up our act. and kept incisting that I had a Password and i kept telling him for the past 20yrs I have had  verizon phone I had no password and he just kept saying that I did so that got me and my husband in an argument.  In the end of that the mng. said that it was my ss like i had said in the beginning.not   saying im sorry or nothing. i  went over and chose a phone then we went to choose my husbands the mng. said we could not get our contract renewd until next month. my  husband got his phone stolen I had ins. but this guy would not work with us at all so as we were leaving i said that we will go to a different company and walked out. i  couldnt believe it but I called the main headquarters and they are taking care of us and our phones  early they are verry nice at headquarters..
1 The Verizon Store on Greenfrield and Mckellips has given me two horrible experiences within a year. (2 out of 3)  Flat out HORRIBLE customer service!!!!!!!!!! Once I was actually personally insulted by an employee,I was on the phone with corporate before I got into my car... I was told 'That is not how we train our employee's to talk to and treat customers' and they assured me the problem would be dealt with.  I have not looked forward to having to go there again because I worry about how I will be treated, so when my husbands phone glitched out today he went himself.  I was appauled by the news I got when he left the store. They refused to help him with his 8 month old phone unless he paid for a replacement. He was told to call the HTC company and they would deal with it. Not only do we pay for insurance on this phone every month but it is also under one year old and is covered by a basic warranty. I called corporate and asked them to explain to me why my husband cannot get a new phone considering all of that. The represantative was honestly confused with why associates at the store would not help because even if we DIDNT pay for insurance every month it was still a 'new' phone and can be replaced at no cost.  My family gives Verizon almost $300 every month for phone service. You think they could give their customers a little respect in the stores!  IF you go into this store make sure a gentleman named 'Eli' helps you because he is the only good thing this store has going for them!!!!   OR if you live in Mesa to go down to the Verizon store on Val Vista across from Dana Park.
5 My experience and purchase was a great experience with Truman.  He was helpful and taught us what phone would be the besr for us.  Whenever we have a  question or problem he is always so kind and considerate to help us.  He has made our family a verizon group
5 Excellent service the best verizon store I have ever done business with ....this is my forever store ...
