4 Really nice people... Straightforward... Good selection of cars...Informative.... I HATE haggling prices; so I just wanted a place that had reasonably priced cars....   Feels like your visiting friends, not a car dealership...   They even reimbursed my taxi fare from my hotel.... (I came from out of town).   Too bad I can't afford another car... I'd buy it from Crossroads...
5 Walked in there after a terrible experience with another dealership and from the get -go they were friendly and so very casual.  I agree with Ulysses that they treat you like family or friends.  They not only let our kids play happily in the toy room and run across the floor room but they encouraged us to go grab McDonalds while she did the paperwork for us and she said I could take the car home and bring my check by Monday if I wanted( what!?).  Family run business. Would recommend to anyone.  No games, they cut the price liberally off list price when we asked them to reduce it though it was reasonable to begin with even.  Oh and the kicker... we were in and out faster than I have ever seen a car deal go through.. like I don't feel like I even sat down haha.  Great service.
5 Great, hassle free, head ache free experience! Nice selection of cars, online is updated with current stock, professional family business, reasonable best in town prices! My husband and I have never purchased a car so wonderfully easy. Oh and also they support our troops! Very appreciative of that
5 Great used car buying experience here. A small, family owned and operated business. They seem like very nice and trustworthy people. They will give you a good price but after that they are very difficult to negotiate with. But all in all, so far it was a good experience. Definitely worth checking out their lot.
5 Just bought a  beautiful car from Sarah @ Crossroads Auto. What a stress free transaction! Sarah made my husband and I feel like family. She listened to what we needed and got us a great deal. We are so happy with our purchase. Will be sending all our friends and family there. Thank you again Crossroads Auto !!
