3 Very friendly, great looking prices. We did not purchase anything, but we loved the store and the selection.  I have heard mixed reviews, so I am interested to learn more. Someone take one for the team  here :)
3 I have come in to Bigs three different times.  The first time, I walked in and saw a gentleman walking towards me.  I presumed he was there to help.  So I made eye contact and smiled a little smile as he proceded to walk past me and out the door.  Apparently he was just a customer like me.  My mistake.  I walked around the entire store looking at every dining set they had.  Nothing was in any reasonable order.  Displays are scattered throughout the store.  There were dining sets in the middle of living room sets.  There was no rhyme or reason to any of it.  There was also nobody there helping me.  There was one man sitting at the computer who looked up at me but never stood to offer assistance or even utters a word to acknowledge my existence.  So I left.  What brought me back to Big's a few days later was a table I saw that I was interested in.  It was the right price and right size.  After checking a few other stores I decided to go back to Big's and look again at the table I first saw.  It turned out to be cheaply made and  wobbly.  But I did find another table that was a bit more in price but still a good deal.  It is much more sturdy and looks nicer.  So I bought it.  And on this second trip I was actually greeted and helped by a very friendly and knowledgeable sales rep.  Service was quick and based on my needs she took me to exactly where I needed to be to find the table I wanted.  This kind of professional service is what I expect from a business of this kind.  My third trip to Big's yet another few days later was to measure the size of the table I was waiting on to make sure I would be able to get it home in my car unassembled.  I walked in and strait to the table.  Again, nobody offered any sort of assistance.  Not that I needed it this time but they don't know that.  The three stars I give today are thanks to the lady who actually helped me.
2 I have looked around at at least 10 furniture stores around the valley for a sectional that had the color and comfort that I wanted. One day I went to Big's furniture after looking at about 5 other stores that day with nothing that really caught my eye. It was around 7pm when I walked in back on March 1st. I liked that there was a huge selection of furniture to look at and only one sales associate walking the floor while the other associate was doing computer work at the desk in the middle. The sales associate was very helpful and nice and answered all of our questions. He did not constantly follow our every move and let us browse on our own as he helped other customers. I liked the fact that I was able to choose my fabric for my couch and pillows from a wide variety of swatches with no extra cost. I ended up purchasing the sectional I wanted with the colors and fabrics and paid half down and the other half on delivery. The reason I rated Big's a 2 is that I ordered my couch on March 1st and it is now MAY 16th and I have yet to have a couch. After my paperwork said delivery around 6 to 8 weeks for a custom couch, it is well over that time period and I was told that the couch has not even made it to the store yet. I was told by an associate that this was a priority, but my living room is still couchless and a delivery date has not even been set. It should not take almost 3 months to get a couch.
2 We purchased a sofa , love seat and a tv console but we still have not received our console. It's still being delivered from May 18th,2013. We recieved no calls or updates on it and every time we called to ask when it would be here they kept saying "Friday.." but it's two Fridays past and I called them again and guess what they said, " Friday". I hope to get our tv console within this lifetime. It's a nice place to buy furniture but they have poor communication with their customers.
4 My husband and I found a sectional that we really liked.  We looked at all the different fabric choices, measured the sectional to make sure it would fit in our living room then went home to sleep on it to make sure this was exactly what we wanted.  We have been looking for the perfect couch for a few years now but couldn't find anything we loved.  Our sales rep, Sonya, was very friendly and helpful and not too pushy to make a sale.  She did not follow us around the store like some other furniture store sales people do.  She just checked in with us periodically.  The next day we went back to the store to order the sectional then the following day the customer service rep assigned to our purchased called to let us know the order was submitted and we could call them to check on the status.  We custom ordered the sectional so it was going to take 6 to 8 weeks to get the sectional in.  A week after our purchase Sonya called us to let us know that the manufacturer could not us the fabric that we requested on the couch and did we want to change the fabric.  We only wanted leather so we went back into the store to see if we could fin something else.  They took the time to point out other pieces that may work for us and they looked up other options for us.  We decided on a different couch and they ordered the couch.  They said it would take 1 to 2 weeks to get in.  The couch arrived 6 days after it was ordered.  The manufacturer forgot to ship one of the ottoman's so we are waiting for that ottoman to come in.    We picked up our couch last night and so far we love it.  We specifically did not do the delivery option as the bulk of the reviews had complaints about delivery.  We are fortunate to have a truck and trailer and were able to pick up the couch ourselves.  Like most companies, they are only as good as their people.  If you are going to shop at Big's Furniture I highly recommend that you ask for Sonya at the Tenaya store to help you.  She goes above and beyond to do everything she can, some things, like the manufacturer not sending our second ottoman, are out of her control.
4 They didn't have a great selection in store but the sales girl was very helpful and found what we were looking for in a catalog. There prices are very reasonable.
1 Purchased a dining room set that was never delivered.  Every time I called it was supposed to be arriving on the next truck.  This went on for weeks until I finally cancelled my order and insisted in a refund.
1 Purchased a love seat black and grey in AUGUST 08, 2013 and they said it will take 2weeks to get delivered, so it came and the love seat was damaged. Then customer service states just hang on to the first damaged love seat for now until a new and undamaged replacement gets re ordered.             Okay, another 2 weeks passed, second replacement gets delivered and its damaged again. Customer service states the same spill, and it comes damaged from the manufacturer.            Now its SEPTEMBER 08, 2013 third replacement comes and its still damaged. Contacted Customer service but yet again tells me that they will reorder another set and wait another 2 weeks for the replacement Love seat. This goes on until OCTOBER 15,2013.            Still never received the Love seat that i paid for "BRAND NEW, UNDAMAGED LOVE SEAT', but they already got the cash that i paid them. I asked the Manager Rachel to just give me a partial refund and i will keep this damaged love seat that they sent me and Rachel was very quick to answer that "ALL SALES ARE FINAL AND NO REFUND!". So, Filed a complaint with the Southern Nevada Better Business Bureau and State of Nevada Attorney General. This is not how you conduct a business and consumers need to be aware of their  wrongful practices.
1 "BBB "GAVE BIGS LOW RATING!!!!! Two months later still do not have my complete bedroom set. The worst customer service I've ever experienced. I have waited  2 months for my complete bedroom set with no compensation. I have been told I basically have to suck it up. They are still keep giving me the runaround about when all the pieces will actually come in, promising me every week the same thing. I only gave it one star because I have to give it at least that to do review.
5 I previously had a problem when I bought my furniture there until I made my issue known to the owner. He corrected the problem and totally compensated me. My nightstand were taking over a month to get to me so he let me pick out a new bed set without having to look at price awesome customer service. Because of him I will be buying my future furniture with Bigs Furniture. They  have a great selection. Thank you :-)
1 Absolutely the worst group of liars I've ever dealt with! From the first excuse of  "we no longer can deliver the other matching nightstand because the manufacturer no longer makes it" ( we picked up the exact same model from another store in SoCal), to the seven attempts to get credit for that "unavailable" piece 2 months later, the initial delivery where ALL pieces were either damaged or defective, the 4 so-called "replacement deliveries" that never took place due to missing furniture, delayed trucks, more damaged pieces, etc... all the way to a second actual delivery where one piece of the four was acceptable, and finally, two months later, replacement pieces that were good enough to never have to deal with these frauds again but only after filing a formal complaint with the BBB and hinting at a class action lawsuit against the owner!  CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!! TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE, YOU'LL NEVER REGRET GETTING INVOLVED WITH THIS GROUP!
1 Have driven by this location on the highway and finally decided to stop and see what they had to offer.  My mom seen a bed she liked and couldn't find another like it, so she decided to buy it.  Well, that was all fine and dandy, they took the payment with no problem and promised a deliver date.  The delivery date came and the guys showed up at the house and brought the parts to her bedroom, they asked a few questions and my mom stated that they were very rude and acted as if they didn't want to be there.  They went to set it up and didn't have the hardware to assemble it (ie nuts bolts screws).  They called the store and talked to the store and said they'd have to come out again.  Well, they never showed up and when we called the store they acted as they didn't know what was going on. Set up yet another date and again no show no call.  Today, same story.  Nobody knows anything, no manager around.  Want to return and forget the whole ordeal.  Did I mention my mom is almost 70 years old and still no bed. Thanks Big's
1 HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.   GO ANYWHERE ELSE! SCAM ARTISTS!! I ordered a bedset and 10 chairs on a Sunday, wrote a post dated check for that Wednesday,  after being promised that it would not be put in until that Wednesday, they put it in IMMEDIETLY. thinking it was a simple mistake, I let it go. I was supposed to get the order delivered on the next saturday, they called friday to say it would be delivered the next tuesday, I couldnt wait considering I had an event planned for that sunday, so I asked for a refund so I could go somewhere else, THEY REFUSED to give me a refund, and said they could only give me 15% back. Then told me it would be here tuesday, I took the day off of work, they never showed up. Now it is wednesday, still refuse to refund my money. Next delivery they ATTEMPTED, resulted in my chairs and bed set arriving, with no rails to set up the headboard or footboard. Next delivery, they brought the headboard, DAMAGED footboard, WRONG RAILS, and NO assembly kit. Next delivery,  they didn't even show up.  They refuse to refund money still!  THE OWNER WONT EVEN CALL ME BACK! THIS BUSINESS IS A JOKE.
1 Worst shopping experience for furniture that I have ever had. First we found and chose 4 bedroom sets for delivery. 3 of the sets were surprises for my children. After several calls to confirm a delivery date ( I was told several times they would call me ) I received a date that caused me to ask for a day off last minute ( I am a single mom on a single income ). Upon delivery, the gentlemen setting up the furniture seemed to be rushed and bothered that they were asked to set up the rooms. Once half way set up I was told of missing pieces that were vital to setting up the bedroom set and no empathy or willingness to help find or order those pieces were attempted by their delivery team. Prior to the team leaving I noticed that I was missing metal bed frames for 2 new mattress sets that I paid for. Once speaking with a representative at the store I was informed that bed frames are separately sold and I would have to purchase them ( first time ever purchasing a mattress and it not including a metal frame ). After several attempts to locate the missing pieces to complete the $3k set I purchased and being told several times I would receive a call back I found myself actively contacting them for updates. Needless to say, all the aggravation has led to them "possibly" delivering the missing pieces and "working" on a price for the bed frames I was led to believe came with a new mattress set. I would not recommend this store to any one and would have rather paid double to price for my items to save me time aggravation frustration money and the devastation in my children's faces when they didn't get what I promised them.  The lack of communication and them accepting responsibility was clear as I am still waiting on an apology for not only missing items but for being led to believe I was receiving merchandise and not following up with me.   Think twice before settling for shopping at this store. Typical used car sales approach. Wonderful during the sale but once completed and signed you will never hear from them or be able to contact them again.
1 HORRIBLE place that rips people off!! I purchased a 3 piece couch set that was fully wrapped in cardboard & plastic & when we got home & unwrapped it there was a hole. I contacted them 30 minutes after we left there store & even emailed pictures! 3 weeks later I have still not received a call about this matter.  Nohayia the customer service rep is horrible!!! They refused to let me speak to the owner or even give me the name of the owner, this is just a horrific business! BEWARE.... DO NOT WASTE your time or money!!! I really wish I would have read reviews on this company, I'm not the 1st person with a horrible experience. Businesses like this should NOT even exist! I give this place NO STARS!!
4 My husband and I are very pleased with our visit to Big's.  Our sales lady Joanna took the time to guide us through the process and was very delightful to work with.  We were given a time frame of 1-2 weeks for our purchase, everything arrived and was delivered on time. All in all a very nice store and we definitely be back for the rest!
2 Ok so I just moved to Las Vegas and saw bed prices starting low. So I went to buy a bed set and frame. Full size. Was rather shocked when all I got was a top for a full and box frame, they didn't offfer to even open the box frame and setup. I asked why I hadn't got the box frame the part that goes under the top I was told I only to get the two. Left really sad and thankfully I had a blow up bed to sleep on I called customer service. I was told apparently I checked a box that I didnt need the box frame. Why would a customer buy a bed set up thinking it would be only the top and metal frame. The wording was hard to understand in the write up and could lead to lots of trouble. If they would of just stated bed does not come with box frame or bed top and metal frame I would of obiv bought the full set. I called again and asked to speak with manager after being told it would cost $95 for a box frame after spending close to $200. After talking to the Manager she offered it for $50 while yes a $45 dollar price difference is nice having a free bed frame since I am shure they have thousands and doing right to a new customer who would recommend to friends. Know I am waiting untill Tue today is Fri to get the bed.. So basically I am stuck camping out in my nice 2 bd apart waiting for a bed to sleep on. I would still like a free one if willing. but will take the 50 $ bed frame. I am still left unsatisfied mislead and sleeping on a blow up bed the next 5 nights !! i willl post pictures of bed later.
1 Horrible. Ordered a 7 piece bedroom set from here. First delivery attempt was supposed to be before 2pm. 3pm comes, no furniture. The delivery guy ended up going to the opposite side of town. He says o we can still deliver, but it'll be in a few hours. Hell no! I've already wasted my day! 2nd attempt, the guy did not wait for me to get home when I told him I was on my way. 3 delivery attempt was a no show. 4th time, they show up with 2 damaged pieces. 5th time, bring only 1 replacement as the other was backordered.   During this time, I was in constant contact with OHada?, the store manager. So useless. She kept pushing off any compensation for a month. I finally said I'm returning all the furniture and calling my credit card to refund the charges. That's when she gave in..a little. I'm still waiting for my final replacement piece and my money back...  SO UNPROFESSIONAL. DON'T LET THEIR DEALS SUCK YOU IN! WASTE OF MY LIFE.
1 so recently got the bed box frame however bed is not comfortable I have been rotating from sleeper bed to bed I am waiting for my Cali King from My house to get here to have a great sleep. Avoid Bait and switch techniques go else where. Heck even big lots are selling beds know !
1 READ REVIEWS BEFORE GOING HERE!!! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!!! I purchased a Bed, matress and table set here late december. i got the bed set and matress on time but the table, i have to go pick it up myself two weeks after the agreed upon date of delivery.MYSELF! The worst part, i financed it thru Crest Financial( STAY AWAY from this company). Big's claimed no responsibility when i got charged a penalty of going over the 90 day buyout option(which nobody at the time of purchase explained to me how that works). Crest financial is charging me 48% interest as a penalty.It's true i E-signed the contract but i did not receive the table two weeks after and Big's won't even try to help me dispute that with Crest financial. I ended up taking a discount and paid it all off. If you're going to this place, make sure you ask everything especially about their financing options.Most of them here, even the ones that call themselves "sales managers" don't have a clue of what they are talking about and they "assume" a lot. I don't recommend this place to anybody, there are other stores way better than this in terms of customer service, selection of items and so on.
1 Wish I would have read the reviews before buying here. I am having the same issue. Being lied to over and over about when my furniture will arrive from their warehouse. They tell me a date and u get no call. I have had to call over and over. And they just keep telling me different dates. Today is my last time contacting them.. If I don't get my furniture this week I will cancel the whole order! Horrible service!!!!   Furthermore I finally received my furniture. I purchased a coffee table, two end tables, a sofa table, and a tv stand. The tv stand they tried to deliver was not the one I ordered. So I called the store and the insisted I was wrong and it was the one I ordered. I ended up have to go back down to the showroom to show them which one I ordered. Nothing was wrong the item number matched up and everything. They wouldn't admit they messed up! So we ended up making sure they knew which stand I selected and paid for and they brought it out to me the day after next. It was the wrong stand again! There were three sizes of the stand I ordered. I purchased the largest stand they brought me the med size stand!   That was it! My husband and I went back to Biggs furniture to explain what happened and at this point we were looking for some type of compensation for our troubles. We spoke to the manager ( forgot her name.) and were treated horribly. While there another customer comes up to me and says he was also having problems, all while the receptionist on the phone was explaining to another customer they weren't sure what happened with their order either. I finally blew up and explained to the manager that their service was horrible. She acted as if she didn't care. I than said you guys should try harder to please your customers, have you read your yelp reviews. She replied that yelp only accounts for a small percent of her customers. In other words she don't care about the customers who have given reviews here on yelp! WOW.... She would offered us no compensation and did not even care that she lost a customer for life! She shrugged us off and was completely defensive and ultimately made us feel that we had no value to them! We canceled the order on the stand... Now let's see how long it will take to get a refund!   Furthermore their delivery guys are a joke. They were supposed to assemble the furniture. Instead they just brought in the big piece and threw the shelves on my sofa. I was shocked.... Did I mention that when they dropped my other furniture off I had to argue with them that they were not in front of my house. They insisted they were at my door and I was standing outside saying no your not. After arguing with them for about five minutes he said oh sorry ma'am we are at the wrong address.    I can actually go on about even more horrible stuff that has happened to me while dealing with this company but I think you get the point!  Do yourself a favor avoid this nightmare! Don't buy here!!!! It's not worth the headache!!!!
5 I read the reviews on this place and I was extremely apprehensive about even going in. However I did go in and I found the whole experience to be quite pleasant. My transaction was a very simple one, I found the couch I liked, paid a deposit on it and it got dropped off about a week and a half later. I met the delivery man outside and they let me have a thorough examination of the couch before they brought it up.  Because transaction was actually fairly simple I went back the next weekend and purchased the rest of the set. It was the exact same story, about a week and a half later the two pieces were dropped off without a hitch. I was able to furnish our new home for a more reasonable price than most of the other places we visited. I returned just yesterday to look into a television stand and I got very warm reception. Even though I didn't make a purchase I feel that the staff were very pleased that I returned. I would definitely recommend Biggs to my friends based on my experience.
1 On my initial visit I thought this place was wonderful. However after we ordered my daughter's bed it took what was suppose to be a few weeks took 3 months!! My husband would call they would say it's coming in set up a delivery date then not shoe up to find our it never came in. They would lie repeatedly. We were about to cancel when in fact it finally did come in. Then when bring delivered the delivery truck almost took down the tree in front of my house not once but twice!! I couldn't believe my eyes!! My husband had to rush out there before they did it again. I did not want them putting it together so we just had them bring the stuff inside and after they left we noticed they didn't leave any directions. Thank goodness my husband is handy!! I will never buy anything from them again. Yes the prices were awesome but so, not worth all the aggrevation!
