1 Apparently the appliance tech that came out from "A Quality" belongs to the "blame the victim" school of appliance repair.  He came because the dishwasher was making a loud whining sound that couldn't be good. Sounds like the motor could be going.   So he cleaned out some debris, noted on the repair ticket that debris needed to be cleaned and because there was no mechanical failure it was not covered under any warranty.    Thanks.  I'm sure I could have reached in and pulled out the odd strand of spinach and other detritus (I always wanted to use that word in a review!) like I normally do every week or so.  Thanks for helping yourself to the veggie scrubber and using it to clean a part.  You can go ahead and throw it away when you are done with it next time.  Oh, wait, there won't be a next time for "A-Quality" will there?    By the way, the dishwasher still whines, only now it's louder.
4 My heat pump wasn't working and the home warranty company sent out Mark from A Quality. Although he didn't have the part in stock he searched and found it & was able to complete the work that same day. He was very concerned with getting our heat back on and I was very pleased with his work. I'm glad that I got A Quality to come out!
5 A-Quality has been out to my house twice. Rob for an A\C issue and Nick for an appliance issue. I couldn't be happier with the service they provided. I will continue to use them in the future. Thanks guys!
5 Mark came to my house because my heat pump wasn't working. He needed a part he didn't have in stock & couldn't find, he said it would be 2-3 days. Because the temperature had dropping into the 30s with a high below 60 he went above & beyond to track down the part that day. He came back in the late afternoon & got the unit up & running. I'm very happy with the effort & the result.
4 If you are looking for an honest repair company, I highly recommend A-Quality. I had an issue with a leak in the coil. I had one company come out that told me I needed a new coil installed and even recommended that I put in a new unit. I was told that the coil could not be repaired. I called Mark from A-Quality for a second opinion. Not only was he was able to repair the coil, he saved me $1,600 ( the difference from the first quote and what A-Quality charged for the repair). Mark could have told me the same story the first company did, and made a lot more money, but he didn't! Sometimes we just take what the repair company says and believe what they tell us. We never know for sure if what we are told is the truth. I know that A-Quality will give you an honest opinion and do only the work that is necessary! Thanks for being upfront and honest!
