5 They cleaned our office and did a great job!
5 I moved out of my home in December, right before the holidays, and didn't have the time or the energy to clean it.  Little Lamb Cleaning did a fantastic job of cleaning everything from the blinds to the refrigerator to the shower and tub. I''m very picky, and I was more than pleased with the job that was done.
5 Also cleaned my home!  Very happy.
5 I used little lamb cleaning when i moved out of my last apartment. The apartment was cleaned well for my move out. Everything was dusted and wiped down, refridgerator cleaned out, even the washer and dryer were spotless. After moving into my new apartment, I have hired little lamb to clean every two weeks. I travel for work and it is such a pleasure to come home to a clean and fresh house. Brenda is thorough in the work that she does. She brings a spirit of joy along with her when she comes in to clean. I would highly recommend her cleaning service to anyone.
5 Little Lamb did a nice job with cleaning my home in Las Vegas and getting it ready for new renters.  Highly recommended and will use their service again.
5 What can I say I love Brenda and her crew.  They were so nice and friendly.  Sat was the 1st time she came to my house and she did a spring cleaning.  After they were done my house was truly spring cleaned.   They cleaned the whole time and made sure everything looked good.  I will be using them for now on.
5 Making this review short and sweet....I was fortunate enough to find Little Lamb about 4 months ago. They have been coming on a regular schedule ever since and I don't know what I would do without them. Beyond being great thorough cleaners, they are wonderful, trustworthy people whom I am so happy to have in my home. They are friendly, efficient and reliable and I couldn't ask for anything more!
5 I highly recommend Little Lamb! Brenda and her crew came in and turned my messy bachelor pad, into a nice place to have company over. (Not just drunk girls) They were on time, totally trust worthy, and did a great job.
