5 I contacted Motor Movers to ship my new SUV from a dealer near Fresno to my home in San Diego (approximately 300 miles). I expected it to take a few days for them to find an open car carrier who could transport the vehicle, but Mary called me back within an hour saying that it would be picked up the same day. Less than 24 hours after my initial call, my new car is sitting in my driveway in pristine condition. I could not be happier with the fast delivery, excellent customer service, and reasonable price ($450) that I received from Motor Movers Auto Transport.
5 I shipped my car with Motor Movers from Dallas, Texas to north of Sacramento, CA. They were so helpful and knowledgable, and it was extremely affordable! I shipped it in 4 days for only $750 for 3,000 miles. It was truly a deal and my agent, Patrick, knew exactly what he was doing. I'd suggest this company to absolutely anyone. It'd be illogical not to use this!
4 I didn't end up shipping with Motor Movers Auto Transport but I had such a pleasant experience speaking with Mary while deciding who to go with (in the end, it was about timing and cost) I had to write a review. Mary was extremely understanding and totally patient with an inexperienced shipper, she actually bothered to explain to me how submitting multiple bids within the board would drive up my cost by starting a bidding war, that was extremely insightful.  I would highly suggest using their services if for no other reason, for the customer service and their willingness to walk a rookie through the process.
2 My car did arrive at it's destination and the price was reasonable. However, I was not given 24 hr. notice before the car was dropped off. I was only given 30 min. notice that my car would arrive at a destination at least 30-40 mins. from my home. I then had to wander around loading docks, hotels, store parking lots for 90 mins. while on the line with dispatch about where the driver and the truck were located--incredibly painful given that it was night and not a great area. The outside of my car was dirty as expected but I made the mistake of signing the form before checking the mileage and the inside of my car (I've shipped my car cross-country several times with no interior issues and so didn't even think to check). Around 200 miles were put on my vehicle and the interior was incredibly dirty!  It looked like it had been driven with the windows down on a dirt road.   CHECK THE INSIDE OF YOUR CAR ON ARRIVAL!!!
1 Apparently, once Motor Movers (or the rando they outsource to - after they take your $200 reservation fee) takes possession of your car, they basically thumb their nose at you and challenge you to try and do something about it.  Luckily, my car's not worth that much, and I was aware that I can easily sue to recover its value should anything go wrong in small claims court, so I'd much rather make get my story out than focus on obtaining the vehicle.  First, no confirmation email. Had to ask FOUR times for it.  Seriously?  Definitely had no problem taking my CC info, though.   Really responsive before they got that information!  Next, no 24 hour notice.  Called the driver one of the days they said they might come, assuming they'd be there next-day, was told 2-4 pickup time THAT DAY.  Promised to update me at noon.    No update at noon.  Call at 1:15.  Driver is running late.  4-6.  I ask if he's sure, and to let me know if he's running late, as my father facilitating pickup in OH (I'm in NY) is a physician who needed to head to the ER at six.  Was assured that I will be updated.  No update, ever.  Call at 5.  Driver is going to be late. Ask for more information, driver yells obscenities at me and says "forget it. I'm not picking up your car." Try to deal with Motor Movers, Laura was great - Patrick was literally trying to explain to me that there is only one driver - who is the SAME EXACT person coordinating pickups, and loading and unloading cars.  THis is the pathetic agent Motor Movers selected, whom they have worked with ONCE BEFORE and are insisting is great.  At this point, the driver apparently realizes he needs money, and calls me incessantly.  Somehow, he shows up and convinces my father to turn over the car.  Now, we're going through a similar nightmare trying to pick up the car itself.  We literally cannot get someone to call us one day in advance to let us know when the car will be dropped off.  It is sitting in a parking lot literally 20 minutes away from the dropoff location.  This is really the dumbest experience I have ever encountered - rather than try to solve a (fairly simple - like let's talk this out.  Can I pick the car up myself and you guys cover a cab out there?) problem, this company tries to screw it's customers. On a side note, I think they'd expend less energy actually doing their jobs and following through than insisting that this is just how it is.  Patrick O'Connell is for lack of a better word, nothing short of an incompetent lying jerk.  He'll say yes to everything you require, but can't remember who you are when you describe all the very specific things he swore to do.  When you call him out on it, he treats you like he's doing you a favor and accuses you of threatening him.  He referred to me to terms and conditions...which don't exist online, and I certainly have never read nor signed.  As such, the consumer is protected, idiot.  Not you, nor your random drivers.  Just an FYI for anyone else who's getting the runaround.  Google filing small claims in your state against this company to recoup any monies owed free of charge.
2 Although my experience with Steven at motor movers was initially pleasant, I had several difficulties dealing with the truck driver who was tasked with transporting my car across country. The driver refused to pick up or drop off the car at either the pick up or delivery addresses due to excuses that did not hold water. The delivery driver was extremely difficult to deal with, to the point that I contacted my point person at motor Movers to mediate the situation. Despite Steven's assurances to check in with me regarding this issue, I didn't hear back from him after several days and ended up dealing with the truck driver on my own. I had hoped for better customer service and better communction with the delivery driver, so as to make this experience easier for me. Overall, I'm just glad that I don't have to deal with shipping my car again. It was an unpleasant experience and I won't be doing it again.
5 Sheena (see earlier review) could not be more misleading, she had 5 people from Motor Movers PLUS her and her father all calling the driver WHILE he was unloading the car before her fathers. No one knew that all these calls were being made. This driver does not want Shena's and Motor Movers business ever agin! As far as Patrick OConnell... He was not the salesperson on this order and kept trying to find an order of Sheena's, it was listed under her fathers name!
4 This is now the second time that I have used Motor Movers in the last year. The first time to transport my classic truck from San Diego, CA to Tempe, AZ and the second time to transport the same vehicle from Tempe, AZ to Austin, TX. Both times I have been completely satisfied with the whole process from order to delivery. The customer service in their office is always on point and very nice. When dealing with turning over your pride and joy over to a complete stranger it is reassuring to be able to have confidence in Motor Movers and the Transporter that is selected. The only issue I have had both times is that the quote was lower than the actual price. I feel like the quoting system needs some adjusting so that they can be more realistic with their numbers or stand behind their quote price so that there is no changes to the expected cost.
