5 I recently had to go the rout of cell phone repair.  I just happened upon John@ iPhix's business card.  Well let me tell you I am glad I did.  The guy rocks and will do everything and anything to get you dialed back in as quickly as possible.  He is more than just honest and reliable.  Don't waste your time with any of the other hack job repair shops anymore!  Go to iPhix or let iPhix come to you,  the convenience of mobil phone repair.  He will even lend you a phone so you don't miss that all too important business call.
5 Owner of iPhix Mobile SmartPhone Repair bends over backwards to get your phone, iPad, iPod and any other brand of mobile phones in working order.  Even lends a phone to you when your cell phone is in repair, which by the way is very important when you are running a business.  I have referred many customers to him and they can't say enough about his friendly personality, and quick service.
5 Had a drunk fun filled night that cost me a broken Lcd screen. Woke up the next day and couldn't read all my drunk texts so I had to get my phone fixed a-sap. So I went to Sprint and even tho they could of made all kinds of money makin me buy a new phone, they told me to go to these guys. I am so glad I did!!! So fast and quality parts. And the price was so good I couldn't believe it!!! I am sure I will have more of those nights and I will always come back to iPhix O(^_^)O
5 Both of our kids inherited our old iPhone 4 phones and the batteries wouldn't hold a charge anymore. These guys replaced both phone's batteries in about 5 minutes for WAY less than apple wants to charge for battery replacement!  Fast, friendly and extremely reasonable price!  Highly recommend and I would use them again in a second.
5 Awesome Phixer! Would recommend to all and any of those folks that have broken devices!
5 Thank you IPhix for opening a place in the Summerlin area to fix my daughters IPad 2.  Convienece is super important to me since we are always busy, but cusotmer service is #1 in my book.  This place displays top notch service.  They never tried to upsale me but really wanted to help fix the the main issue.    Please give them a shot, you will not be disappointed.  You earned a customer for life.
5 This is the second time I've had to replace my iPhone screen and am absolutely so happy that I came here. I can already tell it was done with better quality then my last replaced screen. VERY reasonably priced and on top of that he even gave me a discount on the repair and then discounted some awesome screen protectors. It ended up being cheaper with all the accessories than the last time I got my screen repaired at a different place. He did it immediately and was done with it in less then an hour. Definitely go here for your cell phone needs!
5 These guys are fucking amazing my friend cracked me phone screen last night and I looked everywhere for reasonable prices a lot of other places were charging around $160 - $180 to fix for my iPhone 5 but these guys only charged me $112 they honestly had the best customer service and were very friendly would definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family who have any smart phone related problems
1 My daughter had dropped our iPad 2 a while back and cracked just the bottom right corner of the screen.  I wanted to finally get it fixed for my wife, and iPhix had great reviews on Yelp.  Unfortunately, after multiple attempts, I now have an iPad with a trashed looking bezel and a wonky screen.  Both of the gentlemen I worked with here were very kind.  I don't recall their names, as the repair was done about 4 months ago.  However, the iPad is still having issues!  The initial quote was that the screen could be replaced, no problem.  When I picked it up, the metal at the corner of the drop was not looking great, and screen had a gap of almost 1/8" in certain places!  How is this acceptable?    When I brought it back, I was told the drop had bent the metal corner of the iPad, making the replacement difficult.  My thinking is if the repair won't be as promised, let me know before further damaging my equipment!  I was then told that he would have to file a bit off the metal to make it fit, but no problem.  I said as long as there are no gaps and it's fixed, I was okay with it.  But again there was a gap and the metal around almost half the iPad was filed down in a horribly visible way!  Also, I was informed that they had used extra glue and had it clamped all night, but the screen wouldn't stick.  Again, if there are this many issues, don't trash the iPad trying to make it work!    They finally just recommended I keep it in a case (hide the bezel/gap issues), which they wound up giving me in lieu of a refund.  The screen seems like a cheap replacement, and often has issues registering touches - a far cry from what I would expect from an iPad.  I think these guys are good with phones, but I wish they would have let me know they were having issues with the repair BEFORE making the iPad look like hell.  After 4 or more attempts, I just figured I would deal with an iPad with a jacked, albeit not cracked, screen.
