5 Matthew did a great job of trouble-shooting & correcting an issue with our  solar hot water system.  Thank you!
5 Terry Hind arrived promptly at the stated time. Our issue was that the bathroom shower was not getting any cold water so was too hot to use.  He diagnosed the problem right away.  When he went to turn off the water at the outside shut-off valve, he found it was too corroded to shut off.  I had to call the city to have the main turned off and Terry was very accommodating to go buy the needed parts while we waited.  The repairs were made in good time and to our complete satisfaction.
5 Jeff, my service technician, was professional, courteous and friendly.  We are selling our house and there were several plumbing issues pointed out in the physical inspection.  I gave him the list, and he addressed each one and fixed them as necessary.  I was very pleased with his service!
5 Johnny was excellent. He did a great job, very professional and very clean. I thought so much of the job, I contracted him to go to my house and fix a problem I am having there too. Thank You very much.
5 Gabe came out this week to work on an issue outside the kitchen. Fantastic job, overall. He arrived before we expected, and quickly identified the problem. As always with Plumbing Masters, the quality of work and staff are excellent. Will recommend them without question. Thank you.
5 Gabe came out this week to handle an Angie's List request.   There was good communication throughout the process and work was completed quickly & efficiently.
5 Terry was professional and efficient. We are very pleased with the work he completed on our home.
5 Mark and Mel came out to my house on 5/12/14 to address a couple of issues. Water softener was as old as methuselah and my hot water tank was past its' sell by date. In addition I had a number of sinks that were not draining and a leak in my shower. I think our house had not had a full plumbing service for about a decade (we bought the house 4 years ago).  With the scope of the job being so big I was not expecting an immediate fix but to my surprise and delight Mark and Mel from Plumbing Masters spent a full 8 hours working on everything. I had an idea how much it was all going to cost as I did plenty of research prior to them coming over.  I got a price that was about $600 less than my prediction. That was great result number one.   These guys were super friendly, very knowledgeable and explained everything in detail. They showed me the issues and went through every single faucet, bath and pipe with a fine tooth comb to make sure everything was as it should be. They even took the time to address my water irrigation system and ensure that was in full working order. They got here at about 1pm and were here till dusk.   I will not be looking anywhere else if I need any future service. This bunch of lads are superb.   10/10.  If you are looking for any plumbing issues I would ask for them specifically.   Cheers Pluming Masters!!  Great work.
