5 I have now tried 3 yoga classes at Studio north yoga. Each time with a different instructor. As a busy women - with  two jobs, two kids, house etc...I find it almost imossible to turn inwards and tune out while at the same time, know I am working my body. I have found solace in studio North. First class experienced instructors, yogini atmosphere, and relaxed disposition. The instructoars cater to all levels from beginner to advanced and truly know their stuff. Who knew that having a chime in my ear during savasana with vibrations could actually be a spiritual experience. I dont feel like I am working out, and yet, the perspiration and next day aches portray a differnt story.
5 I love the variety this studio provides.  Yoga, Zumba, Tabata, Restorative...  Keeps it interesting!  Great atmosphere, great instructors, really cool husband and wife owners.  They offered a free class on Mother's Day for moms-  Whitey ( husband) handed out roses for all the moms and healthy homemade cookies Mariah ( wife) had made for us.  :). Just not something you experience at Big Box gyms!  Affordable rather than outrageous, welcoming to newbies, and intuitive enough to keep adding/tweaking the schedule per feedback from their customers.  So happy to have them so close by!
5 Beautiful studio, amazing instructors. Everyone is so friendly. Wonderful neighborhood yoga/fitness facility without that gym feeling. Great place to get in shape, meet new friends and learn how you can keep healthy! I highly recommend Studio North Yoga & Dance! Zumba Fitness classes are a MUST!
5 This is the perfect atmosphere  to get in shape. Great studio, friendly instructors and the owners are very welcoming. Wide variety of classes so you won't get bored . I would definitely recommend.
5 I did a Zumba class with Jennifer Ragan and I was more than pleased. She makes it easy to quickly learn the movies and start burning those calories!  She made it so fun I forgot I was working out. I'll definitely be back for more.  The Studio is also fantastic and everyone is so nice and friendly.
