2 First time at Frankie & Bennys, but disappointed with the food. Typical American fare, with lots of fried food and meat. But neither were tasty. Our sharing platter had a range of nibbles, but all were a bit lacklustre, tasting like the frozen stuff you get from Iceland. I had the F&B special of ribs and chicken, but the ribs lacked flavour, and the chicken was extremely tough. Fries were ok though. Service was also a bit slow, which was surprising considering it was a Wednesday evening, it was pouring outside, and the place was less than half full. The London Insider  http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
3 the gyle industrial estate is pretty much lacking in anywhere decent to go when you want to have lunch outside the office.  so when Frankie & Benny's opened up at the shopping centre about a year ago i was pretty pleased that there was another option.  i had a visit recently with Joe A and Kelly F for a quick lunch.  what this place does well is having a good lunch offer with two courses for a tenner or three for £12.  there is also a specials menu which is slightly more expensive with a few different options.  both menus have a fairly good selection and we were happy to order off the lunch one.  i got potato skins with cheese and bacon to start followed by a goats cheese and bruchetta wrap with fries.  what this place doesn't do so well is timliness of orders.  since the majority of people that come for lunch here work nearby, you would expect the lunch orders to be quick but we did wait a bit for both starters and mains which meant we had to rush back to the officer afterwards with no time for dessert if we'd wanted it.  however, my food was good and i enjoyed the wrap a lot.  goats cheese makes everything good!!  also for the price it was pretty good value.    the service was good besides the slight slowness in placing an order and getting food.  our waitress was friendly and the restaurant itself is quite large so easy to get a seat every during the busy time.  i'd happily come back for another lunch out of the office, but maybe leave a bit extra time during my next visit!
