5 Ah, happiness is a brand new Buffet!  This big place, formerly Furr's Cafeteria, opened today for the first time so I charged in through the front door this afternoon (for a second lunch!).     :-)  It's very nice inside and was featuring a BIG selection of 145 items today, plus sauces and dressings.  I started with some good Hot & Sour Soup, then it was on to salad and some SUPER GOOD Sushi!  Next it was over to the Mongolian style BBQ, which offered such treats as Water Chestnuts and Chinese Snow Peas.  I asked the chef to cook it with the sauces HE likes, & it came out great!  The hot food tables included Kalbi plus two other kinds of ribs, delicious Stuffed Shrimp, a REAL crab treat served on half Scallop shells, bacon-wrapped shrimp, Italian Sausage, great Egg Foo Young, & much more.  They have EIGHT kinds of REAL ice cream, but I only had room for some of their terrific Banana Cream Pie for dessert.  Everything here was running like a clock on their very first day of business!  Lighting, room and food temperatures, background music, table service...  It was all just perfect.  (Hear that, Pacific Seafood Glendale?)  Not only that, the staff members went about their work in a relaxed manner & were very friendly...  amazing for a first day of any new restaurant, much less a big Buffet such as this one.  Five Stars?  Absolutely!     :-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.  (I found a 15% off coupon on Google & used it.)
1 I understand that sometimes restaurants have bad or off days.  They are run by people, and from time to time it happens.  Tonight however was a disaster!    First off if you have a young child like my family does, you may have to have them sit in your lap.  As you see, they have only three highchairs!  The staff also seemed to initially care less, as the lady who sat us instantly went back to stand at her station and never even mentioned they had no chairs, or that it might be a while.  The food was also not even up to par to earn a three yelp star.  I tried a little bit of a wide verity, and found a common theme.  Nothing was hot, and at best warm.  If you are a fan of certain Chineese buffett staples, you may be disappointed.  General Tsao chicken for example can not be found here.  Lastly the ice cream tasted as if it were left over from the old Furrs days.  I wished this place invested in the resources to have a chance, but I just can't see them lasting past summer.  If the health inspector don't shut them down, the low quality food certainly will!
3 Its an average buffet, food is good and the service well was non existent.  No matter server cleaned off our table between getting new food and gave whatever we asked for but don't expect them to ask if your doing Okay.  One side note was the orange chicken had orange peels in it which is rare to find at a buffet.
1 I am a huge fan of Chinese buffets.  After a graduation ceremony last night for my oldest son we decided to give this spot a try.  Never again.  NEVER.  Food was luke warm at best - NONE of it was to temperature.  Stuffed mushrooms were like little hockey pucks,  Chinese ribs were tough as horse meat, sushi was subpar and unimaginative, they were leaving pans until the last scrap was gone instead of refreshing them thus making what was left to choose from dry and tough - the place was pretty empty and after being seated we were pretty much ignored on drinks.  I am be generous here when I say their food tasted like all of the other buffets dropped off their day old food here to serve so it would not go to waste.  Way to many options around to ever waste money here again.  Very VERY disappointing!  I am left thinking that the people who left 5 star reviews for this place are either financially vested in this place or offered some MAJOR discounts to write them.
2 Just another below average Chinese buffet in the West Valley.  It's a shame that no one on this side of town can get it right.  I have to travel about 40 mins from my home (in Peoria) to get a GOOD Chinese buffet.   To put it bluntly, China Olive is just alright.  It's nothing to write home about.  What it IS is over-priced from what they offer.   The first time I went (yes, I've been there more than once) was their 2nd day of operation and it showed some potential.  Everyone was nice, the food was warm, the place was clean......everything was fine. I returned about 2 weeks later.  It was still good.  Although the food was starting to get old under the heat lamps, and there wasn't much sushi out but it was OK.  Service was good, the servers were pleasant.  I returned about 3-4 weeks later and what a transformation.  It's like the whole place went to pot.  The interior of the place looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while.  The hostess barely said anything (kinda acted as if we were disturbing her) and the food had obviously been sitting under the lamps for too long.  I hate to assume but it was probably let over from lunch.  Everything was hard and tasteless.  Like someone said before, everyone can have a bad day.  I'm still deciding on whether or not I'll return.  If they don't turn it around soon, I don't think this place will last a year.  What started out very promising has done a complete 180.  Oh well........I guess I'll still have to drive 40 mins to get a good Chinese buffet.
2 Visited Sunday 6/22 at lunchtime.  Was surprised that it was so dead.    Interior was clean, service was decent.  Food was not so great.  There was a big selection to choose from, sushi, soups, also the mongolian grill.  Unless you get the grill, your food won't be hot.  There was steam coming out of each container, but the food was barely lukewarm.  Weird.  Wanted to try it, but won't be back.  We miss FURRS!  :)
5 This place  is the finest Chinese buffet my husband and I have ever had. They have a full sushi bar, king crab, all the to die for regular eats and the best ice cream and dessert bars. Don't know why there are a few 1 stars for this place. It's new, clean, great customer service and fresh food. Highly recommended.
4 This is one of the bigger buffets in this part of the metro area and offers a wide selection of standard Chinese buffet dishes, most of which I found to be quite well made. The quality of their of sushi - a trick item in most buffets - is quite good, as is that of the non-standard items they offer, such as Korean kalbi. This is a good place to dine along the western Grand Avenue / Rt. 60 corridor.
1 landlord who got rid of Furr's now wants me to patronize? No way! Boycott!
2 It was just okay, might go back but nothing that I was excited and need more of. My daughter appreciated all the fresh fruit but honestly that was all that she ate.
3 This is a pretty standard Chinese buffet. Not great, but good food and the price is reasonable. I have not had the problem of the food being cold which I have seen from other reviewers. Overall I like it and would return.
2 Price was reasonable, Food was "warm" (not hot)  Selection and service could have been better. We have had better, but for the price it's okay, probably will not go back.
