4 This is so great! Catering food trucks meet here Friday nights and compete for business with awesome cooking. I am definitely a fan of a couple of the food trucks that make their way out here so I was so glad to see them as I was driving by. Grabbed a Mac n cheese grilled cheese sammich-YUM!!! From the grilled cheese truck......Catfish filet fish n chips from buzznbeez & a super rich cup cake for desert. SuperTruck Super Food was out there as well which I definitely enjoy eating so next time I'll refresh my taste buds with their savory menu!
5 This has become a staple on Friday nights with my coworkers. I would say there are usually 5-8 different places to choose from on any given night. I've personally had Satay Hut, Liberty's Biscuits, Paletas Betty, Gigi's cupcakes, and the Gourmet Command Center but SuperFarm SuperTruck, The Chef Genie, The Grilled Cheese Truck, Sandra Dee's Catering and BuzznBee are usually there too. The trucks rotate so I suggest liking the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court on Facebook because they usually post the day before who is planning on being there this week. There are tables and benches but they tend to be full. I've seen people bring their own chairs and blankets to picnic on the grassy area near by during the cooler weather days. Now that it is summer and pretty hot, most trucks offer grab and go which is pretty nice of them and I really respect that there is an effort to continue the food court through the summer. Also, most trucks do take credit cards and there is usually live music too!
3 Food truck were decent.  There were 5 food trucks there tonight.  There was seating on plastic picnic tables.
3 If the popular favorites of downtown Gilbert have a long wait time and you're hungry or just wanting to eat something new, the Gilbert food trucks is one to experience. The ever so popular Grilled Cheese food truck made its usual appearance offering one of their menu items : cheesy mac and rib. I was torn between this one and the  Sweet Siracha Chicken Melt. Ended up going for the American cuisine. Was cheesy good. I also tried Carh's Kitchen jalapeño burger which I thought was mediocre but still decent. Temperature was h-o-t and icky. I would not recommend this for summer time unless the weather was 80 degrees or less. Otherwise it's fun to visit and eat. Maybe more tables would have been helpful and fans for the heat.
