5 Amazing food! Amazing service (great job Madison) I stopped in for lunch today and had a wonderful experience. (Thank you Steven) This restaurant opens Nov. 18th and I can't wait to go back.   I had the guacamole with pineapple and mint, it was very refreshing and a must for AZ warm weather, house salad, and two tacos. I tried the Urban Bean Beef and Thai Snapper. I love coffee and Urban Bean (the local coffee shop next door) so the beef was my favorite of the two. I recommend the Cilantro Dressing on everything.   The decor and ambiance is wonderful, so glad to see that they kept many elements of the old church but it still feels like a restaurant. They have happy hour on both Sat and Sunday which is really nice.   Thanks for a wonderful lunch Taco Guild, I can't say enough great things about my first dining experience! Excited to return and try the Lamb Taco and Ceviche.
4 I ordered a cup of tortilla soup and a few tacos for take out for my boss and I. The tortilla soup was delicious. Chunks of yummy chicken in a broth laden with melted cheese and a little kick. I also had the al pastor taco. Tender pork cooked in sweet and spicy yumminess. It also had pickled onions, which I loved. The tortilla was soft, but held together very well, even when I kinda rolled up the whole thing to eat. BossMan had the Guild Chicken and Yucatan Shrimp tacos, which he really enjoyed.   The three tacos were a plate dish that included one side and I chose their rice. It had corn, which I love, and was good, but overall it wasn't anything spectacular. Our order also came with a bag full of delicious freshly fried tortilla chips. Probably some of the best I've ever had!  The taco plate and cup of soup with tax was $16+...a little on the pricy side considering my favorite tacos are the $1-2 authentic street tacos, but Taco Guild will be a good treat once in a while! This point is where they lack in receiving a 5-star review.   The restaurant is located in a renovated old church and I think they did a wonderful job keeping the beauty of it. Even though everything is new, it has that old world feel to it.  Also to note, I believe it was created by the owners of Z'Tejas, so a lot of their flavors may have been brought over. My boss said the tortilla chips and salsa were similar, as well as the looks of my tortilla soup.
5 I am in love!  Since the moment I walk in everyone has been courteous, genuine and just awesome!  The bartender showed us to a table, there has been at least 4 servers that have helped us and the food, oh Lordy help me, the food is drool worthy!  The chips, which are complimentary, are the best I have had in a long time.  The salsa is not a great ball of fire which is good on my book.  The guacamole we tried was the one with pineapple and mint. Mmmmm! Mmmm good!  We did want the one with bacon and they were out but whatever, we were happy campers.  The tacos we had were out of this world!  The Thai snapper snapped me back to my honeymoon in Thailand only last month.  I swooned and was transported back to the most romantic trip I ever took.  We also had the Peking duck taco with apricot compote, it got my taste buds ready for the holidays.  Michael was our main server and he was so personable and well versed on the menu, such a plus since they have only been open 3 days!  There is a jukebox so you can pick music and the frescos are custom made and have "The Masters" seriously check them out.
5 Every aspect of my experience at the Taco Guild was amazing! My friend and I were over at the Urban Bean when we realized we wanted dinner. The word Taco caught my eye so we wandered over for some dinner.   The environment of this place is amazing. Everything is beautiful, I feel like I could look around for hours and hours. All of the plates are from the Salvation Army. It's so fun to see what plate you will get next since they are all mismatched.   I got the taco plate which was about $10 with the Al Pastor, Urban Bean Coffee Beef, and the Veggie taco. The al pastor taco was extremely flavorful and had very tender pieces of pork-no nasty grizzle. The coffee beef with mango and jicama salsa was wonderful with the contrast of sweet and salty. I especially liked the veggie taco with roasted brussel sprouts, peppers, and mushrooms with hummus. All were very flavorful. The Corn with Habenero Butter was also amazing and flavorful.   Service was extremely friendly and we never had an empty glass. I can't wait to come back!
5 This is actually on Osborn and 7th street. what a great place, complex flavors at a good price. I recommend the "boots were made Oaxacan" cocktail. The building has a lot of history and really puts midtown on the map. All of the tacos were off the charts. Bang!
2 Awesome building!   Aspiring concept.   Poor delivery:  service is very slow...even for  bottled- beer orders.  We received our food in phases each person served minutes apart- not in tandem as is expected.     Poor choice of placing a music box to enhance the aural experience. ..and at the clients' expense.  Tried the mixed drinks to no better satisfaction: too sweet...and smaller portions than customary.  Tacos are just OK.  Substandard  dining experience  in a beautiful setting. By far La Condesa Restaurant is a much better choice for authentic and delicious tacos served graciously: although not as dressed up a place.
3 Nice addition to the neighborhood.  Walked in on a Wednesday at 5pm and was seated immediately.  Fantastic job turning this old church building into a beautiful restaurant.  I like how they kept the stained glass.  Our service, although very nice, was bumpy.    We ordered the soup of the day which we were told was tortilla but not what we got.  No big deal as what was served was terrific.  Not sure what it was exactly but it had ground beef and fresh veg.  We then ordered our dinner, the duck tacos were delicious as were the shrimp tacos.  We also ordered a side of corn that never arrived.  We let the food runner know we were missing the side but he did not seem to really care.  He said it would be along shortly but never came.    If you get a chance, ask for the Tequila Book.  The book (menu) contains a huge list of pages of different kinds of Tequila they offer.  I did not bring my reading glasses so at first I was sure I did not read the menu correctly as I saw shots of tequila for $500... what???  I asked my dinner partner if that was five dollars and he assured me it was indeed $500.    If your bank account does not allow for five hundred dollar shots, be advised they do have a great happy hour where you can get a draft beer  and shot of Tequila for five dollars.  (pretty sure it is not the five hundred dollar shot)   They might have dessert but did not see any on the menu and we were not offered any.
3 My wife and I just happened to be at Starbucks when we decide to try Taco Guild. Once arriving we were seated very quickly. Unfortunately it was at a table that hadn't  been cleaned (kinda gross if you'd ask me) which shows a lack of communication between who ever is cleaning the tables and who ever is sitting them (or they couldn't care less where they sat my wife and I). The tables and chairs are booth style so it was a bit uncomfortable for me. The server was very nice and greeted us very warmly. Unfortunately (and I might attribute this to a busy night on his end) we weren't really told about the menu. Once the waiter left my wife and I felt as if we knew nothing more about Taco Guild then when we sat down, this could have been excused if this places had been open for a couple of months but this was the third night it was opened. All in all the meal was great it came out quick and hot and the server seemed to have adjusted better and was accessible more and more throughout our meal. I recommend the Taco Guild the food was great at the atmosphere is killer and I'm very excited to see if there are any sports nights or weekends coming up at Taco Guild. If you're a selective eater please make sure to ask questions (next time I'll take my own advice as well). Please see below for a personal side note...  *The meal went fine and I seldom felt a I need to call my waiter over. As we were leaving a man which I presumed worked there (he was standing around looking at the tables and standing with the host and what I assumed to be the owner...or maybe he was the owner) went to the door and held it open. What I hadn't realized was that he was holding it open for a couple (white and in there 50's maybe) coming in and not for my wife and I (Hispanic and white respectably) which were going out. The man after noticing my wife and I motioning towards the door continues to motion the couple which was entering to come in. Awkward at best this situation left a poor taste in my mouth.
2 We got take-out tonight and several things were wrong when we opened everything up at home. My meal consisted of the house salad and onion straws. The salad was missing the avocado and onion straws did not come with the aioli sauce. So annoying! Especially since the salad came with few toppings anyway. The salad was very bland...probably since it was made with iceberg lettuce. Green leaf lettuce or spinach would elevate this salad.   My husband asked that they not add jalapenos to the guacamole but it parts of it were very spicy. Not sure what else would have made it hot. My husband liked his tacos but my meal was a total fail. Seems like they need to iron out a few kinks.
3 I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Taco Guild for months. I drive and walk by frequently since I'm a nearby Cheery Lynn Historic neighborhood resident. I checked out the menu online before they opened their doors and could hardly wait to taste each of the deliciously described taco creations. So tonight we were excited to finally get to check it out.   The very first thing I noticed when we walked through the doors was how freaking LOUD it was!! Like really loud!!! The music is blasting right over your head and my husband and I felt like we had to yell to each other over the 2 feet of table between us. It is a big open space with concrete floors so not a lot to absorb the sound but the music needs to be kicked down several notches. I have been to places where I think to myself it is too loud (and I watch movies and t.v. with subtitles because I can't hear all that well) but for this reason alone, I could not wait to get out of there. It stressed me out the whole time... so uncomfortable.   The tacos on the other hand were pretty yummy! It is not on the menu for some reason, but our very nice waiter told us that you can do a three taco platter that comes with a side (the menu only has everything a la carte). It was my husband, myself and our six year old son. We got two platters, so six tacos and two sides for us all to split. We did the Al Pastor Pork (delish), Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef (the only thing our kid could eat since everything else was on the spicy side and there's no options for kids), Guild Chicken (my third favorite), Yucatan Shrimp (good, but my least fave), Thai Snapper (my second favorite - so good!) and the Peking Duck (my favorite - surprising flavors - very creative!!)  The sides were pretty bland. The descriptions on the menu make them sound so good. I was disappointed in the Grilled Corn "off" the Cob and the Green Chile Achiote Rice. I just wished they lived up to my expectations and were more flavorful.  Another thing is I realize with the loud music and the bar that they are not necessarily catering to families with kids, but there should be something kid-friendly on the menu at any restaurant. A chicken and cheese quesadilla or bean and cheese burrito or something. Take it from St. Francis and Postino's: both more adult settings, but have kid friendly options on their menus. We eat out A LOT and pretty much always have the kid with us. We don't want to have to get a babysitter just because we want to have good food in a fun atmosphere.   Since it is just down the street and we love to support local owned business we will most definitely come back and give it another chance. Like to try some guacamole since I saw the people that sat at the table next to us order it and it looked delicious. I also want to try the Grilled Romaine Salad since the pic on the website looks amazing.  I've reread my review and I hate that I sound so negative. I'd like to think they are just getting into their groove and it will only improve with a little feedback. I want to see them do well since I think it is a great addition to the neighborhood!
4 Loved it.  Food was great
4 The building is beautiful.  I loved that they didn't try to 'modernize'.  As others have mentioned, it is very loud inside.  The open rafters lets everything echo and then the music was loud.  As this was the first time there, it would have been nice to get an explanation of the tacos.  Unfortunately because of the acoustics, it was almost impossible to hear the waiter or any explanation.  The food was good, but I did think it a bit strange that when our food came out, it came out piece meal.  We were a group of four.  One plate came out, then two, and the last plate came out five minutes later.  When we place our order, we indicated to the waiter that there would be three individual checks.  When the check came, it was all together.  He offered to split the check, but got the splits incorrect.
5 I have been so excited for this place to open!  What a treat to have a surprise birthday party here last night! Drinks were amazing, food was delish, and service was EXCELLENT! Thank you, Kyle, for your patience with our (probably annoying and obnoxious) table! Get the STEAK (can't remember exact name) TACO. Yum!!!!
4 so I decided to get some takout from Taco Guild and have a drink at the bar. The design of this place is AWESOME!!! it's like an old church in there with the stained glass windows, tons of wood beams and huge gothic looking chandeliers. I had a margarita on teh rocks, just the perfect margarita. For food, I wetn with three tacos: The peking Duck, the Lamb Molida and the Carne Adovado. The wife had the house salad and a side of crispy onions. Now I will say the tacos are a touch expensive at $5 each for the specialty tacos, but they're quality and loaded with great ingredients. My fave, hands down, was the Peking Duck. it had this peanut and carrot slaw and just perfectly fatty roasted duck..stupid good. I wasn't a fan of the molida lamb taco, it just tasted funky. Teh adovado was pretty good, and had a great apricot chutney on top that worked well with it. From my experience, it was 3.5 starts. Wifey didn't have a good experience. her salad was under dressed, plus done with cheap iceburg lettuce..ickey. And they forgot the aioli with the crispy onions, which they desperately needed. they also left off the avocado on her salad. All in all I'll be  back for sure to eat the peking duck tacos and try a few others out.
2 Love what they did to the building, the food, not so great. Sunday night, 4 of us ordered 3 tacos ea. and got one of every side dish. After 3 different servers auctioned off our food around the table, all the tacos were cold. The ancho chilli black beans were unedible, they tasted like a handfull of chilli powder and cumin. The chorizo rice was bitter and no one ate more than 1 bite. The happy hour $5 wine could not have been much more than a 5 oz pour. The happy hour margarita machine was down, no subs offered. Had a small $9 margarita that tasted good, but no value at that price point. Never offered a dessert menu, still not sure if they even have dessert?  This look like a case of spending a ton of dough on the building, and trying to make it back by cutting corners on the food and alcohol. Probably wont be going back anytime soon.
2 Wanna be Pink Taco. Bad service at the bar, the manager explained my friends meal at "beef" even though she is a vegetarian and it wasn't that taco. Juke box is a horrible idea. Had to listen to eminem and heavy metal. They send out meals according to when it's ready and prepared so it doesn't get cold in the back, yet it gets cold because you don't want to be rude and start eating without your company having their food. The place itself is very cute and could be really cool, unfortunately I was let down. Save your money and go to chipotle
2 Writing this actually makes me sad.  I would actually like to rate it a 2.5 but I'm being kind and rounding up because I am hugely appreciative of what they have done with the building.  That being said when architecture is the 1st thing that comes to mind when talking about a restaurant, there is probably some room for improvement.  The usage of the space is remarkable. It's a very trendy looking place with warm tones and despite it being one large open room, they were able to pull off at least the appearance of intimacy. But that's where the warmth stops.  The deafening mix of customer driven music selection is way too loud. It is almost impossible to hear anyone even at a small four top without leaning in and utilizing your best lip reading skills.  And if the owners could limit the techno trance options to maybe 1/3 of the options, I would gladly toss in another half star.  The bar is spectacular however, so if you just want someplace to just soak in the atmosphere, park yourself under the magnificent chandelier and drink it in.  The menu is less than user friendly.  Everything listed is ala carte, however there seem to be combos available which only appear to be available to people on the inner circle.  We even asked if there was a possibility of getting a quesadilla (since tortillas and cheese are key components of several items) and were told that if it's not listed on the menu, it is not available.  The prices are way out of line with other similar venues.  The tacos are $4 per and they are the smallest street tacos I have seen in a very long time. They are not bad. They are just four bites and that is way too steep.  The burros are reasonably priced for what you get, so go with one of those if you don't eat like America's Next Top Model. The salsas (both fresh and bottled) are good but the chips come straight out of a bag and that irritates me. If you are going to sell yourself as a gastropub, you need to be able to carry off the "gastro" portion of the title. Everything else seems fresh, why would you chintz on the chips?!!  And the $8 guacamole? It's ok but no more. Yes it's fresh and clearly made on site but it is not worth even half that. I love that you can select chunky or smooth but that is where the love story ends.  Service is my final pick point. Our order taker was very friendly, but the four other people that sporadically delivered food left a lot to be desired.  There was a five minute lag between the first taco hitting our table and the last burro... unacceptable; and then we had to ask for the guacamole that was delivered and then were told they had given it to another table by mistake. They took that off the check but it just added to the already uneven service.  So I will probably give it another try after they have had some time to work the kinks out.  And I truly hope they do. Like I said, I'm unbelievably happy they have saved the building and I like what they have done with it for the most part. Now if they could just bring the food up to level of the space and work on the service it would be great place to hang out.
3 We tried out Taco Guild because we had a hankering for  tacos and America's was closed on Sunday. I love how they re-purposed the church building and the bar looks awesome. The drink menu was attractive but that isn't what we were there for. I might come back to hang out at the bar sometime but we came for the tacos. On par with every new, hip restaurant in town, the music was too loud , the place is designed to be loud and it's not conducive to having a conversation. I'm being a little more generous in my rating than I might be because it's only been open a week. If I were only rating the food I would only be at two stars because you can get good street-style tacos elsewhere that are just as good at almost half the price. I was surprised that ala carte tacos were $4.00. I expected them to be bigger and better at that price. We ordered the ceviche of the day which was nothing more than tiny shrimp and a few pieces of white fish with some mango and onions. When I saw how small the portion was I immediately thought it to be was overpriced at $10. It was nothing special. I won't be ordering that again and I don't recommend it unless you want to spend an extra $10. We didn't enjoy the chips they served with the ceviche either. They looked interesting and there was twice as many as needed for the small amount of ceviche, just didn't like them. We liked the chips that were served with the guacamole better. The guac was which was fresh and very good. Maybe I'll give the food a try another time but I think I'm more likely to come back for drinks and eating will be my secondary focus.
3 So first off, I have to say that what they have done with the church is amazing and renewing older Phoenix structures is exactly what Phoenix needs more of. Also, the inside decor is amazingly beautiful and it is obvious that it was thoughtfully chosen. The one thing I have to say about the ambiance is that the music was WAY too loud. I could barely have a conversation with anyone at my table. I would like a restaurant ambiance and not one that I would find at a Scottsdale club.     Despite the awesome decor, I had many issues with the food. First of all I thought the guacamole was WAY over priced for the small little dish that we received. I honestly felt totally robbed for a guacamole dish that wasn't particularly special. Second, I thought the tacos were also way over-priced for what we got; $4 or $5 a taco left me again feeling totally robbed. Our waitress did let us know that if you order three tacos then you get a free side, which we all took advantage of. However, these sides are quite small and if ordered on their own are $2.50. Definitely not worth the price. Overall, the taste of the tacos was very good so they did get that aspect right.    Finally, we went during the opening week so I won't be entirely harsh on the service, but what service we did receive was very poor. Once we were seated we waited 20 minutes for a waitress to come to the table and she wasn't even our actual waitress. She kindly took our orders, but we still had to wait ten more minutes for our waitress to come by the table and fill our waters. Thankfully, she took an item off our bill to show us that she was sorry. I'm sure the service will get better with time, but if prices stay where they are then I'm not sure I will return.
5 This is a great find! In an old church which the property dates back to the 1880's, the current church building was constructed in the 1940's. Exposed wood beams, original stained glass, eclectic decor, including enlarged copies of Rembrandt's on the upper walls. The huge bar takes the place of the old altar complete with 2 60" tv's that almost appear to be floating above the massive back bar. They squeeze a lot of fresh fruit for their cocktails. I had the Blushing Seniorita.. It was so good I ordered a second;) it's a berry sangria. My husband had 2 craft beers. The tacos are street tacos, so they're small but packed full of flavor! I tried the coffee beef, Peking duck, and shrimp tacos with a side of onion straws. The Peking duck was my fave. My husband had the coffee beef, the chicken, and the al pastor. He enjoyed the coffee beef the best. His side was the corn off the cob and he said it was really good. History+good drinks+good food+ atmosphere= cool place ya gotta check out!!! The service at first was a little slow, but the place was packed. We were seated immediately, but it took a bit to order and get our meal. To be expected when its a new place and the place is packed. I know we'll be back again:)
5 Be you sinner or saint, Taco Guild is a place to pay penance and make peace with all manner of spirits and eucharist. Their tacos and other sides take your palette to heaven on earth. If I was a "sister", I'd make a "habit" of coming to this taco sanctuary.   The place is jumping and popular. Great location and well executed on the use of the church, makes the artisan guild concept really work. The "duo guild starter" is great for a party of three or four to start. Pray that you get sat in kutie-Kyle's section. This guy is heaven sent: sweet, sincere, efficient, and charming to boot. Take him up on the jalapeño bacon in the guacamole - delicious!  It's a loud place, has a juke box, and the acoustics of a church. So if you're old, lame, or kind of a "stick in the mud", probably not your scene. The night I went it was swarming with couples from the Biltmore and Arcadia area, followed by Melrose gayberhood crews and Roosevelt Hipsters came about 7ish - fun scene if you don't take yourself or religion too seriously.
1 Decided to try this place out due to the awesome decor but was sadly disappointed. Coming from a restaurant background I know what to expect and what is incorrect. To start off my boyfriend and I were greeted with an unfriendly guy who looked like he was more than ready to leave for the night. he brought us our drinks then disappeared for quite some time. By the time he came around to ask for an appetizer order we were already losing patience. The food took forever to hit the table. The food was mediocre and the service didn't help. We had to ask several different people to fill our waters and were only checked on once which was when we asked for the check. I had high hopes for this place but simply left with leaving a note on the check saying "service needs a lot of work, step it up." Won't be going back.
5 I was hesitant to go to Taco Guild even though several of my friends had told me it was great. This is a challenge with Social Media. The other Yelp reviewers that I read were luke warm to negative. I am a very picky person. Well traveled. Very demanding. A group of five friends all ventured into the Taco Guild on a Friday night after Thanksgiving, and we were thrilled. The atmosphere is hip and rocking! No wonder the reviewer thought that it had no kid friendly menu! They are right, but they should not knock the place! It is not meant for kids. Shame on them for expecting that from a Taco/Tequila Bar!!!!! It is also loud in a good way. The vibe is super modern, really epitomizing what is happening on Phoenix. The energy was awesome. The drinks were adventurous, if not always successful. We all had a different one, and some were better than others, but none was boring. The food was reasonable in price and tasty, with the hot sauces really awesome. We had planned on buying some to take home, but, sadly, we forgot. We will be back to do so! The tacos were delicious, the burritos were also great. I had the chicken burrito with a side of beans. Others had the steak burrito and various traditional or modern tacos. All were really very good. Service was great, prompt and fun loving. Really hip!  All in all I am thrilled that we ignored the rather mixed reviews on Yelp. They were often missing the point of this urban marvel. The architecture of this converted church alone makes it worth the trip. The food is an added extra. Don't hesitate! Just go!
2 By now, you've probably all seen what this place looks like either on the news, Yelp! or Instagram, and it truly is beautiful inside. I came with some family members for Happy Hour. I was offered a drink, but declined stating I was going to wait a bit for the rest of my party. Well the server took that to mean that I wasn't going to drink at all that night and routinely ignored me when taking everyone else's drink orders once they arrived. The food was decent. Nothing earth-shattering, inventive or innovative. The blended margarita was good, and the wine was tasty, but as my uncle said "just because the restaurant looked like a church doesn't mean they have to give us communion sized portions!" Will I come back? Yes, several friends want to try it out. Are there better options? Yes! I'm dying to get back to Gallo Blanco. Better tacos! And less expensive!
2 Pros: - Beautiful architecture. The main room is very loud but if you sit in the front part of the former vestibule, it's much more pleasant. - Good sangria. - Friendly server. - Tacos are good, the lamb was my favorite.  Cons: - Expensive. I like America's Tacos just as much (and their corn is better) and my bill will be far less. Granted, not the same atmosphere, but come on, did Phoenix really need another place to get tacos?  - Service was iffy. Our party of five was willing to overlook given the business is new, despite this being a concept restaurant from an established restaurant chain that one would presume has its act together. But the food did not come at the same time, served one plate at a time with about 5+ minutes wait  in between. Only the first person served (who politely waited and ate his food cold) got exactly what they ordered. Only I got my dinner delivered from our server. The rest was brought by mystery staff who weren't all that friendly. - The charge for the bill was wrong. Our server blithely told us to pay however we wanted, so one of our party paid for two people and the entire tip. Two of us discovered the next day that the restaurant had charged each card 20% extra, effectively changing the amount from the signed slips.  The bottom line for me is, I would only go there again for an occasion. And I would take cash.
4 I've been stalking Taco Guild for months now. Every time I'd go to Starbucks next door, I'd creep on Taco Guild, snapping pics of the structure and the dope typography on the wall. Being sure, of course, to upload it on Instagram and hash-tag it with things like #omgtacos #imadesigner #typographynerd #wheredemtacos. So as you can imagine, when they finally opened, I was quite excited and had high hopes for the restaurant.  First of all, there was a lot of meticulous thought put into this entire concept. Being a designer/art director, I know what it takes to maintain a level of consistency throughout a restaurant. This place was just excellent in terms of execution and aesthetic. The actual building itself was gorgeous, and I'm a huge sucker for stained glass windows. Everything from the logo, to the murals, to the design of the menu - color me impressed. Which is the color of chartreuse, I heard. Anyway, we all know why I really went - to stuff my chipmunk cheeks with savory tacos. You can have awesome design, but the food is key (duh). I started off with the chips and salsa - pretty standard, good salsa. Whatevs. I was particularly hungry, so I ordered 3 tacos and 2 sides. I had the peking duck, molida lamb, and guild chicken with a side of red beans and grilled corn. The tacos were very delicious, I loved the unique toppings and flavors to all 3. My favorite however was definitely the lamb. The sides didn't disappoint either, both were packed with flavor and by the time I had consumed everything, I was quite plump and happy. There was no way I could eat any more food and...oh what's that? You have a prickly pear sorbet? Sure I'll take that as well. This turned out to be an excellent idea, as it was the perfect amount of sweetness to satisfy my sweet tooth.   So why the 4 stars instead of 5, Lindi K.? Cause I felt like it yo! Just kidding. It's because I felt the food was a wee bit overpriced (but not surprised by this) and because the tacos weren't as good as Taqueria Los Yaquis, which is literally $1 for a taco. Although, Taco Guild does have a bar...bonus. No matter though, the entire concept was impressive and I had a lovely time there. I think this place will do very well.
2 Went there with some friends Nov 16th because their Facebook said it was open. We didn't seeing the big "private party-open Nov 18th" outside. Got the big 'no service' polite hustle out even after pulling up the Facebook page and showing the owner the green "open" on FB. Very sloppy planning!!   Owner reluctantly gave us a $5 chip after that. I gave it to one of my friends that night and I live 2 blocks away. I remember when this was a Korean Methodist church.  Decor: cheap looking 'Christopher Columbus' italian border on the former church's inside. Big plasma tv sets by bar. Bad use of such a amazing space!  Food: friend noticed only soft tacos on menu, no hard. My espn says the goal of this is makin $ not good food.
3 Had some friends in from San Diego in this past weekend and decided it would be a great time to check this place out. We had a party of 11 so it took about 40 minutes to get seated which wasn't bad considering it was a Friday night.. The hostess was as sweet as can be and totally kept us informed about when we would get seated.   First of all this place is downright gorgeous.. The whole church architecture makes for a great space.  I heard others saying how loud it was but honestly I didn't find it bad.. It was louder than most places but gives it a hip vibe.   We had a great server.. He was working hard to get all our drinks and food out and kept all our drinks refilled. Took him a while to sort out all the separate checks but considering it was busy and all I totally didn't mind the wait to get the check.   The menu consisted of pretty much only burritos and gourmet tacos.. Everyone seemed to enjoy them..I had the grilled steak burrito with this really good cajun aioli sauce.. But the side of onion straws it comes with was a definite fail.. No seasoning and mostly crumbs..seems like they could do better than this.. A few complaints about the sides but overall everyone enjoyed it. Price wise it's not cheap for what you get and food wasn't anything mind blowing.   I don't see myself visiting this place much but if others wanted to go I would go back..maybe they will improve some as they go along.
2 The 2 stars are for the decor only.  The food was not good! We will stick with Gadzooks across the street!
5 Love the taco creations and the décor! Taco Guild is housed in an old church. Complete sense of repurpose! The Stained glass windows (They appear to be original) give an ambiance that is unlike anywhere else in the valley.  The Food: Guacamole: The choices! I added jalapeño bacon to mine- it was delicious!   Tacos: My favorite is the Lamb (served with blue cheese which is a nice compliment). The Yucatan Shrimp, Red Snapper and Urban Beans Braised Beef were also favorites.  Drink: Friends who had the margarita's were huge fans.
2 Much like everyone else, I love the building. I do wish however, that it lend itself to equally impressive food. It does not. I ordered three tacos (chicken, veggie, shrimp) and while they were good, they were nothing to write home about. Not in the same ballpark as Gallo Blanco whatsoever, but more pricey. You get sides when ordering three tacos and after tasting the rice, I wish I hadn't. If you love greasy sides without any flavor whatsoever, do get the combo plate. This place would probably be best for happy hour drinks prior to departing to a delicious place like Gallo for dinner. 2 stars for the novelty factor.
2 Well, if your address isn't correct and you don't pick up the phone to help with directions you can't expect a great customer response...  Was really looking forward to eating here, now not so sure.
3 Life sized murals of Rembrandts line the walls in this high ceilinged church turned restaurant. The stained glass inspires one to an earlier age of divine purpose with quotes such as "love...in deed and in truth." At the center hangs a massive gothic wrought- iron chandelier with candles (LeD).   You will find many more like them throughout.  The two large communal tables also feature gothic candelabra center pieces, giving the place the same ambiance and feel of a Guild Hall from the 1600s. Lighting is low and alluring, noise level one you would expect at a gastropub.  On a  Tuesday night the place was very busy, which says a lot about an establishment.  Very impressed with the bartenders, so skilled at their  craft and knowledgable about the menu.  Ambiance and decor I give this place 4 stars. Service and Staff: 4 stars. Food is sadly only 3 stars, and here is why.  First off, the drinks are amazing!  Great craft cocktail menu overall as well as many local beers on draft such as Cartel, Papago, Four peaks and San tan. The Blushing señorita was my favorite! Coppola rosso, hangar one berry vodka, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries.  Order it as the Virgin Senorita for a fabulous non-alcoholic cocktail.  We ordered the The Duo Guild which is one small portion each of their guacamole and the queso. Upon a recommendation, we ordered the Guac with the jalapeño bacon.  Sadly all we could taste was bacon, and I personally feel that bacon has no place in Guacamole, unless you don't like the taste and texture of Avocados.  So, the bartender happily switched out our order and gave us the traditional Guac instead.  It essentially tasted like smashed avocadoes, and lacked any specific flavor or spice level.  You get spoiled when you have Guacamole at places like the "Mission", so we were very unimpressed.  The Queso was unremarkable, it virtually tasted like the Nacho cheese you get at the movie theater.    Next came the House salad with cilantro dressing.  While the creamy and flavorful cilantro dressing is delicious, the lettuce had all the appeal of a cheap bag of iceberg in a bag at the grocery store, and the sliced avocados on top did not help much.  The side of Corn off the cob grilled in jalapeño butter was a side we ordered along with our three tacos, but aside from a little heat at the end also remained uninspired.  This restaurant being called "Taco Guild", I was ready to be wowed and to find some divine inspiration in one of my favorite comfort foods.  We sampled the Al pastor, the  taco, cherry steak, and lamb.  Al Pastor: Grilled pineapple, jalapeño bacon, pickled red onion.  Least favorite.  When you have been in the south of Mexico and noshed on an Al Pastor from a street vendor, with merely the flavor of the succulent and marinated meat and fresh cilantro and a squirt of lime - you get disappointed when every restaurant wants to add pineapple and weird pickled onions or essentially just distract you from the fact that the meat itself isn't all that great. So, no bueno on this one.  The Cherry Steak Taco.  Crispy poblano onion straws, chile aïoli, bleu cheese.   Awesome!  And then just a bit strange.  Disclaimer: I love bleu cheese, and it pairs well with a good cut of meat.  Add the onion straws and a little kick of chili and it's a very good combination - but it doesnt really taste like a taco but a steak wrap.  Completely americanized taco, in my opinion not a good choice for the taco purist.  The Molida Lamb taco.  Creole aïoli, bleu cheese, sweet potato hay.  Again, same interesting combination as above, but I don't think lamb works with bleu cheese or creole seasonings.  My tastebuds prefer mediterranean combinations.  This would have been great with a garlic tzatziki instead of bleu cheese.  I would definitely come back here for cocktails and socializing, the salsa and chips are excellent, and I would possibly sample other items on the menu - but when I have a Taco craving I would rather venture to Joyride or basically any authentic Mexican taqueria where I know what to expect and pay $1-2 instead of $3-$5 for a taco that isn't really a taco.  Please add fresh cilantro to all your dishes.  I believe I spotted some, but it looked wet and tired and I tasted none of it.  Kudos to your incredible house hot sauces.  We loved all three, in mild medium and hot.  Mild is a green jalapeño which burns a tad at the end but delicious. Spicy, the habanero chili, is amazing!!! Medium is Chili Pequin (chile de Arbol, chili Pequin, tomato sauce, garlic, salt, white vinegar, agave nectar).  The chefs may be hesitant to kick the food up a notch, but I want to be the biggest fan of this place, as I love the space and the staff and the entire concept.  Just adding fresh cilantro and limes to the tacos, and maybe offering some more simple tacos for us purists, would create some enlightenment.
1 While the building is amazing, the food is not good at all and the service is worse. We waited over 30 min after we paid our check to get a to-go bean burrito. The "acting manager" was also the cook and was not concerned about the issue. The corn was dried out and tasted like it was from a can. The cherry chipotle steak tacos got its flavor from the slathered on chipotle mayo. Phoenix KNOWS great Mexican food and this is not it. Save cash and go to Ranch Market. Our experience was an expensive nightmare.
3 Tried this place out today.  Had the duck taco, it was very well done.  The shrimp taco also captured my heart.  The coffee braised beef, was not a flavor to my liking.  At all.  The atmosphere was very cool.  I like the use of a historical structure.  Seating was comfortable, in a church way.  Pews and high bar stools.  This is not the place if you are looking for classic tacos, but it's amazing for new twist on 'em.
3 Oh, it's hipster. Yes, very hipster. But it's cool and good.   Housed in a vacated Greek Orthodox church, they've done a lovely job by leaving the stained glass windows and murals and making the vestibule into a small dining area.  Not many food options, limited menu. I got the tacos because they had interesting options...lamb and duck were my choices. The rest of the menu is kind of meh and overpriced.   Service really sucked but I'll give them a pass on that because they have only been open for two weeks.
1 The menu looked great and delicious! The reviews and location really swayed my friends and I to stop by. Unfortunately, the lack of service made us leave because our "server" failed to show up after 15 minutes of sitting and waiting. So we went to grab a guarantee nice bite at Eriberto's on Osborn and 7th Ave :)!
3 Came here for lunch on a Friday. The place was packed, but we got a table pretty quickly. The ambiance and place itself is amazing, as you can see by the pictures and other descriptions. I couldn't stop looking around at all the cool features. LOVE the stained glass windows and giant candle chandelier that hangs over the center of the room. We ordered our food, and about 30 minutes passed. Then the waitress came by to tell us that the kitchen was slammed and our food would be a bit longer. Another 10-15 minutes later, our food came out, but not all at once.  The food itself was very good. We couldn't stop eating the freshly made chips and salsa that they brought out. I got the pork and beef tacos with a side of corn, and my boyfriend got the chicken burrito. Everything tasted fresh and authentic. The tacos are really small, and I could have eaten at least 1 more. The waitress came over after our meal to let us know that our meal was totally on the house because of the long, ridiculous wait. She sat down with us for a minute to explain that they had just opened up (we were aware of that) and really weren't prepared for such a busy lunch hour. I really appreciated her taking the time to apologize and explain things. I told her that we understood and would definitely be back to try them again. Overall: Cool place, great tasting Mexican food, but they are still working out some kinks with the service/kitchen so don't expect a quick lunch experience.
3 I agree with everything that has been said about the stunning interior of this restaurant, but you can't eat the eye candy. Unfortunately the food is sadly lacking. Every good Mexican cook knows soft tacos should be warmed a minute on the grill before stuffing. The sides seem like after thoughts that have not been seriously developed. The house sauces come in 3 small bottles tableside, but it's nearly impossible to get anything out of them. La Condezza on 16th Street with its impressive salsa bar delivers this same concept much better and cheaper.
3 I am going to return to Taco Guild and hope for a better experience than the first. I went shortly after they opened and it seemed they still had a few kinks to work out, but I know that is normal for any new spot so I will go easy with the criticism. It took up space in the old Methodist Church and maintained the beauty of the structure by repurposing the gorgeous old building instead of rebuilding it. The stain glass windows, giant chandeliers and alter bar truly are magnificent.   The tacos were gourmet street tacos and they were not bad, but for their price point I expected a little more. (Gallo Blanco knows what I'm saying, they've got it down). The chips were delicious but I have to admit the salsa reminded me that this is the child of Z'tejas. I like that they serve all local crafted beers, but I was disappointed there was not one Mexican beer on tap. Who wants to wash down a shot of tequila with an IPA?  The place is family style which I don't mind, but the table they sat us at was so cramped I barely had room to move. Also the brick walls and high ceilings really carry voices, and I had to shout through my meal to hear my bf (not the best thing when you are sitting next to 4 strangers).  The service was horrible, but I won't harp on that because they had just opened.   The valet service was atrocious, this has no impact on my review but hopefully they can get the feedback somehow. We went to get the car and it was raining, the valet wouldn't leave his post because he was waiting for another guy to come back, he wouldn't give us the keys because the car was parked across Osborn. We stood there for over 10 minutes in the rain. They weren't that busy, there was no rhyme or reason for this.   I will return and hope for a better experience (and maybe skip the valet), it really is a cool spot, and it just needs to work a few things out.
5 I joined a friend for dinner and we had a great meal and fine experience.  Neither of us drink, but the ice tea was perfectly brewed and my glass stayed full.  We each had the three taco plate with side, which was quite delicious.  My favorite being the Chipotle Cherry Steak taco.  The fresco art of the Dutch Masters, the dark wood, and the stained glass brought a great style which made the church renovation quite beautiful.  The staff was excellent and our server,  Mike, provided great customer service.  Good food, good service, and good decor - it's a win!
2 Ok the food is tastey, and the atmosphere is welcoming and very comfortable.  However here's the rub (for myself anyway) very little food for. I went to taco guild on a recent week nite along with two friends. We all agreed the food was tastey and the atmosphere very nice. Its 3.75 or 3.95 for each taco at first I thought it seemed a bit on the high side price wise but I thought well this is a gastro pub and the tacos are going to be special, so I went with it. I ordered 3 vegetarian tacos and one side I choose corn off the cob. My companions choose 3 chicken tacos withe the side of corn.  Now when the food arrived we were all surprised at how small the tacos were and they were small. The side of corn was tiny also. The chips and salsa were a nice addition however the small amount of salsa they give you means you need to continously request a refill. Now we ate our food and. Enjoyed the atmosphere. We all had the same feeling we were all still hungry.   There are so many fancy restaurants in the phx sctsdale area. And as always it seeems like the main foucus is on making sure the plates and the decour are posh and that there's expensive art. And the food may be delicious. How ever you pay for the atmosphere and the fancy art. And most of the time the portions are small and the prices are high or very high. So you pay a large bill and you leave hungry.  Taco Guild is one of thoses places. For ladies who lunch it may be perfect for a small business lunch fine. But if your  working class lot and are looking for a lunch or dinner. I don't think taco guild will satisfiy your hunger and your wallet will be empty at the same time
4 Enjoyed Sunday lunch here earlier this afternoon. I love the 'Church' presence and how the owners used and added decor to this theme. Tacos were tasty. Servers were nice. I love that this spot isn't too far from home. Taco Guild is a Keeper. Cheers***
5 Disregard all the negative publicity, this restaurant is a true gem...  Great ambiance,  amazing atmosphere, excellent service and phenomenal food...  A Must!
4 Loved it! Definitely will be back to try more items. Had the Veggie tacos and tried all the side items, everything was great! Atmosphere and the service was incredible and Timothy very informative.
2 I was excited when taco guild open.  So, my husband and I decided to try it out before we went to the ballet in downtown on a Sunday afternoon.  First of all we waited ten minutes before a waiter came over to give us water and chips.  Then we waited five more minutes before we could order our food.  Last thing my husband ordered a burrito without rice on it and it came with rice on it.  :(  At least they were good about getting him a new burrito pretty quick.   The atmosphere was pretty cool and I liked the look of the place. But the service was not all that great and the prices are a little high for a street taco.
2 My only thought about Taco Guild is that is it not worth it.  I love tacos, so it's safe to  say I was looking forward to trying this place.  Now I'd like to make it clear that my star total is strictly for the food.  The service, the decor and the ambiance are wonderful.  This place is beautiful and everyone was super friendly.  I will go back just because the experience was awesome, but I won't be the one suggesting it, because of the food.  The food was alright, but not outstanding.  I do like the options.  They have a duck taco and a lamb taco.  So that's fun.  However, the tacos were small.  For $4-$5 a taco, two should fill me up.  And you don't get a free side unless you buy 3 tacos, otherwise they run about $2.50.  I had a side of rice which probably wouldn't have filled up my hand.  I get that they are quality local ingredients, but I feel like the markup is a little ridiculous.  If you have a large appetite and a small budget, I DO NOT recommend Taco Guild.  Being that we live in Arizona, there are MANY other taco options around.  If you do go, go for the building.  It is really lovely.
2 There are too many choices in Phoenix that are better.  I was so excited to go to Taco Guild since it looked like a cool place..  When you walk in, the church vibe of the restaurant was really cool, but that is when our cool experience ended.  Our server was nice, but the food service was so slow. We sat down and immediately ordered since it was just two of us, Food took over an hour for a vegetarian burrito, and when it came out is was average at best, and the side was a bunch of fried veggie things. The salsa was uninspired, and the Guild Duo was not great either. Gallo Blanco has better guacamole. La Contessa's burrito's are far superior.  Then it was insulting that they wanted to give us $5 each to take off our next meal, WHICH DOES NOT ADDRESS THE SLOW SERVICE AN BELOW AVERAGE FOOD ON THIS VISIT. They did take off $10 because we vocalized our displeasure about their offer,  We will probably use the $5 off for a beer, since that we be hard to mess up.
3 This is not your typical Mexican food!!   If you want authentic Mexican this is not the place.  The food is very Caribbean, Puerto Rico, meets Central America.  The food has much more of a sweet seasoned flavor over a savory spicy flavor of typical Mexican food.  All Spice, pineapple, mango, banana, apricot, basil and is used and the flavors are unexpected.  This restaurant is a subsidiary (of sorts) of  Z-Tejas, a Scottsdale based franchise.  The conversation I had with the staff lead me to believe they plan to expand as Z-Tejas did to other locations within the state. They also intend to open restaurants in San Diego and several other locations.   Don't get me wrong the food is good. It was so fresh and tasty, it's obvious that chef has been inspired and is trying new things.  It was just not what I was expecting so do not go expecting "typical" Mexican.  Read the menu before you go to get an idea of the flavors I am talking about.   They have the coolest location/building. Check out their website to learn more.
1 Went there this weekend and it was a huge disappointment.  The food was so bad I took a couple of bites of the ceviche and a couple of bites of the meatball dish and I couldn't eat anymore it was so bad.  I highly recommend saving your money and going elsewhere.
2 Cool concept and cool atmosphere but bad service and ok tacos. The tortillas used for the tacos are too thick for the delicate flavors inside of them which over powered all of my choices (Thai, duck, pork adavada, and cherry steak). I was looking forward to tasting all the ingredients throughout a bite, which were amazing, not momentarily and then followed by nothing but tortilla..
3 I have been to the Taco Guild twice now.  I can't say I won't ever go back, but it is not a place that will be in my rotation.  I have now done lunch and dinner.  If you want to have a conversation, the noise level in the evening is going to make that difficult.  between the music and the high ceilings you will need your loud voice--  I give the place credit for a wonderful reuse of space.  visually that restaurant is spectacular and it is worth going once just for that.    The service is hot and cold. I got there early for dinner and was seated immediately.  I finally had to get someone's attention after 10 minutes or so --to get a glass of wine and some water.  to the waiter's credit--there was an apology for the wait--but i really hate being ignored--some sort of acknowledgement is all that is needed to lower that frustration even if they can't get to you immediately.  I also have to say for the rest of the evening the service was fine.  Now the food--it is okay--Unless they really do something to improve it--it will never be the reason why people come here.  Someone in our party ordered one taco--even on a salad size plate--it was very very small--for $4 a taco you just expect them to be extraordinary of which they are definitely not.  I had a chicken burrito--it was okay--chick was dry and not much flavor.    If you want really good food--go to your favorite neighborhood place or someplace like gallo blanco or richardson's.    Taco Guild will be fine to meet for happy hour and a drink--but there are much better places to spend your dining $$$ for good food.
4 Very fun place good food, cool building with the church thing going; I'm really surprised the reviews aren't stronger.  I took a client here while in town and we had a very nice lunch.    Food Solid, I can't remember everything I ordered but 3 tacos is good size order here- everything at least sounded good and everything I had was.
5 First let me start by saying I love the Taco Guild!!! My boyfriend and I went to Taco Guild last night for the first time, and it was incredible!  The decor of this place is unlike anything I have seen in Phoenix ever, and I've been here my whole life.  This place is housed in an old church and is nothing short of beautiful.  We sat down at the bar and were promptly greeted by Kristin. She was awesome!!  She was incredibly helpful with helping us choose food and cocktails!  For drinks I ordered The Blushing Senorita, which consists of Coppola Rossa, Hanger One berry vodka, fresh raspberries, blueberries and blackberries and my boyfriend ordered The Myth.  All I can say is Hallelujah! If you want the best hand made cocktail in town, sit at the bar at Taco Guild and ask for Kristin! She's definitely been studying her cocktail bible.  For Food, Kristin helped us decide what to order since we had never been there before.  We ended up ordering The Guild Duo to start and it was amazing! Awesome Guacamole and Fire Roasted Chile Queso that holds the key to my heart.  For dinner, I ordered the Molida Lamb Taco and the Cherry Steak Taco upon recommendation from Kristin.  My Boyfriend ordered the Thai Snapper Taco and the Peking Duck Taco.  These tacos were the best tacos we both have ever had! I have an addiction now and its for Taco Guild Tacos.  If you want THE BEST TACOS, COCKTAILS, AND BARTENDER, then go to Taco Guild and sit at the bar and ask for KRISTIN!!!  She gives impeccable service!!
3 I was hoping to like Taco Guild more than I actually did. The decor is truly awesome - converting an old mission-style church into a taco gastropub is genius. However, the concept is a bit poorly executed. The music selections were odd and clashing. Our server was nervous and redundant. For example, when I ordered a water: "Would you like a straw? Or lemon? Or both?" It was just an awkward way of asking.  The bathrooms are not clearly marked. I watched as several men walked into the women's restroom without knowing it. All of this would have been fine if the food were good, which unfortunately, it wasn't. My chicken taco had cold kidney beans on it, which were highly unappetizing. My husband ordered 3 small tacos, each of which left him underwhelmed. I'm not trying to be overly critical of a new restaurant, in fact, I badly want them to succeed! But right now, Gadzooks is the better Mexican place on that block (Osborn/7th).
5 Visiting from San Diego and a friend took me here and I loved it!  Such a cool atmosphere being that it was an old and beautiful church!  Just had a couple tacos (curry snapper and the lamb) which were very good along with a couple beers but the best was the service!  Candice really made the experience great and I would definitely recommend her if you go in!  She was SO fun and very engaging, clinching the experience! Well done Candice, we thought you were fantastic!
5 Excellent tacos! Ordered a chicken, pork and steak. Each had a wonderful combination of flavors. Salsa was great. Service was great. Beautiful dining room. A bit loud with music. Will definitely return soon.
2 I was so excited to go to Taco Guild. A couple of friends had good things to say and I was eager to see how the Church had been turned into a restaurant. I was a little concerned with the 3 star rating in Yelp. The restaurant was really nice inside and out. I love that they kept the stained glass. To start off with it took about 10 minutes for our server, she blamed the long wait in another table. As an starter we had the Handmade Guacamole, it was super bland. It seems to be really basic onion, a little tomato and the avocado. We tried adding some salt and pepper, it didn't help. My husband doesn't like a lot of spiciness, when we asked for a recommendation the reply was "everything has a kick." I tried three tacos and received a free side. The Yucatan Shrimp was only ok. The Peking Duck was bad, the duck was very dry and the taco was over powered by the Apricot compote. The Thai Snapper was good, really small for the size. Tacos for $4.95 not again for us. The best thing I had tonight was the Pacifico, maybe I should have had more than one.
3 great way to re-use space, converting an old church into a taco eatery.  The good: the service was good, the waiter was prompt and friendly The chips were warm and refilled quickly The water was cold.. The location, easy to find The side of corn was very good My favorite taco - beef and blue cheese  The Bad: the portions were small, for the price 12+ for three small tacos, we should have listened to the waiter when he said he can easily put down 6+ The music? all over the place rock? country? elevator?  The next time I am in town I will probably go back, but I would wait for taco Tuesday night..if they have one
1 Just left Taco Guild. The building is great, but there is nothing else good about this place. We ordered two taco.  the Happy hour taco was a sloppy joe  and we ordered a lamb taco off the regular menu.  The waitress who brought the tacos presented the pastor taco (not order) and it turns out not delivered. We did receive the two tacos we ordered. The lamb was the better of the two, but had they been served at least warm they would have been better.   The table next to us had food over the surface, the plates and been cleared, but the table not cleaned.  When we left 45 minutes later, we informed the hostess(?), she didn't really care that the table was still dirty. Then we are over charged.  The waitress thought the lamb and the duck (which we were charged for) were the same price.  After asking her to look at the menu she agreed they were not the same and adjusted the bill! Someone need to train the staff and the person at the door (normally the hostess)!! We will not return.
5 What a great atmosphere, great service, and the food was spectacular.  A wonderful experience!!
5 We just tried this place for the first time today and we loved it! The chips, salsa and queso were great. We tried the cherry beef, lamb and shrimp tacos. All were amazing, but the cherry beef is the best! (Lamb is a close second!) Give this place a try and forget about all the lower ratings who care more about the music than the food.
3 The Taco Guild is just ok. I really, really wanted to like this place, but the food and service aren't all that great. The building is awesome. Some really cool historical features were kept, and they did a great job with the decor, but unfortunately it doesn't really make up for what they lack in the food and service departments.  My only complaint with the building was it was really loud. The place wasn't half full, and I could barely hear my dining partner.   There wasn't anything exceptionally bad about the service, it just wasn't good. It took them forever to greet us, and then to take our order. Drinks and food took a long time to come  and they switched servers halfway through our meal (which was at like 7:30).   Chips and salsa were good (often a determining factor as to if we go back), but none of the tacos really stood out. The lamb and cherry steak were the only tacos we actually liked. The snapper was awful, and the pastor, coffee braised beef, and duck tacos were mediocre at best. And the sides...I opted for the onion strings and the little lady got the corn.  Both very boring. The only other options were beans or rice (not and).  I like beans and rice, but find both uninspiring by themselves.   I would love to go back to this place, but with so many great places around (including Gadzooks across the street), I don't know how I can justify it. Maybe for drinks one day...
4 If its too loud, you're too old! Okay, like music or don't come...its a bit noisy! Tacos, exceptional! If you are coming for your typical American over-stuffed plate. ..you won't get it here! Some say pricey,  I think its worth every cent! Great happy hour, decent selection! Three tacos gets a free side, not advertised, be sure to ask! Definately coming back!
4 We went here for a work lunch. I loved the vibe.   I had the chicken burrito. Its quite a different flavor but it was very delicious. We received unlimited chips and salsa before our food arrived. I mixed the salsa with the habenero chile sauce to make it spicier and it was delicious. I actually made the sauce too spicy but it was soo good I kept eating it.
4 the overall concept of the chapel vibe is really cool and different. some of the booths are even reused chapel pews. the stained glass windows are awesome too. the chips, guac, and house sauce we all amazing. I had the chicken burrito and was really satisfied.
4 Awesome food. I was not disappointed and enjoyed every bite. The atmosphere was great and I'm a big fan of the Chipotle Cherry Steak tacos! Perfect spot to hang out smash a couple of tacos and have a beer.
5 These cannot be referred to as street tacos. Only if the streets are paved in gold and the tacos are made of magic. Saying they are street tacos is not giving fellow yelpers a clear picture. I don't remember succulent shrimp, filet quality meat with blue cheese and Lamb with deep fried sweet potato strips on street tacos??? Do you?  Great place. Great service. Going back, often.
2 The old church building that this place is in in phenomenal.  What they have done with the inside is just extraordinary (except the lame TVs that are playing way above the bar...take those out!)  Right when I walked in, I felt like this was gonna be a great place to take anyone that is in town that wants to see a cool spot....until I ate.  I'm not going to say that the food was bad, but the Tacos don't even grace a spot in my Top 10 taco places in Phoenix.  They are okay, but just feel very corporately made....very standard products, bad tortillas, no love at all.    I would not suggest going here.
4 Location is pretty, warning, it can get a little loud.  Came for happy hour before a show and service was quick and friendly.  It's from the makers of ZTejas so I was expecting things to taste corporate but was pleasantly surprised.  Have compared notes with others and most agree that the food is solid.  Don't come for authenticity, come for good chips and salsa, a decent margarita and inventive playful flavors.  It's not the cheapest place in town, you are looking at 3.95-4.95 for a smallish taco but the fillings include duck, short rib and quality veggies.   There are pretty stained glass windows to peer out of, the tvs over the bar can be distracting though.
1 Lunch date...ambiance great.  After we receive our drinks we are told they are out of beef and pork.  What?  How can you be a taco restaurant and be out of the 2 most popular meats for tacos?  Waitress was spacey and brought only half of my date's order.  Salsa was good...chips over cooked.  Too bad...such a cute place.  Won't be back.
5 Tried this place for the first time today and it was an all around great experience!  My fiance and I went during the weekday lunch rush and were seated without any waiting.  First of all, I LOVE the whole feel of the environment.  They did an incredible job of converting the old Korean church into a trendy hangout spot.  The presentation of the bar is really great, and the balance between keeping some of the original features of the building with new accents is spot-on.  Between the 2 of us, we ordered 5 tacos: an al pastor pork, a duck, a snapper, a lamb, and a veggie.  The al pastor was incredibly good!  Probably the best I've had in town.  All of the other ones were also really delicious.  I also love that they have their own sauces that are made in house!  All of their draft beer is local.  My fiance had the Cartel IPA and it was really good!  Food service was quick and all of the staff was super friendly.  We will definitely be coming back here over and over!  There wasn't a single aspect of this place that I didn't enjoy.  5 stars for a job well done!
2 This was another restaurant that I really wanted to like. The wait for the table wasn't a big deal at all, it was a Friday night at 7 - needless to say, we knew what we were getting in to. But the hour wait after that to get food was awful...  especially when you are only getting a couple of tacos. Very tiny tacos at that. Then it took and another 30 min to get the check and pay our bill - no bueno Between our small party, we had duck, snapper, shrimp, steak, lamb and chicken tacos. All were 'meh', nothing to come back for. My friend said the lamb was good, but not something going out of his way for. The specialty drinks were equally unimpressive, and the very average house margarita was still ten bucks. Just for me, 3 tacos and 2 drinks was 37 bucks, for food that was tiny and nothing special to boot!   The design of the building was very cool, well done ambiance (but some really douchey people congregating at the bar who wouldn't move out of the isle as I am trying to walk by with my 4 month old sleeping baby.)  The tequila list looked impressive, but I am not going to spend $200 on a single shot of tequila. Again, everything was in place for a cool dining experience - then the food and service got in the way. (Although either the manager or owner who sat us was very kind and accommodating)
4 The ambiance is awesome!! I love what they did with the church. The service and food was good as well. Nicely priced as well.
5 I loved Taco Guild! I had not heard of it and some friends wanted to go. My first reaction, honestly, was "how great can ANOTHER taco place be in PHX?!". I was very pleasantly surprised! From the get go, super yummy chips and salsa and margaritas. The taco selections are range from unique to the expected. Their beef tacos were amazing and a definite recommendation. I also totally recommend their side rice. I will definitely be going back and not hesitating to tell others to check it out. :)
3 e really liked the atmosphere and how they have kept to the character of the church. Four of us went for lunch on Sunday. The service was ok though we were confused about who our waiter was because it seemed it was someone different all through our time there. Can't say it was great because they didn't even keep  my water glass refilled and when they finally did (after being asked) I didn't get any ice.   We LOVED the salsa that comes with the chips. Just the right blend of flavors and quite unique. It was also nice to have the different sauce bottles of varying heat but really not necessary as we are now addicted to their salsa. We tried five different tacos with mixed reviews. The chicken and the lamb were good, the veggie and the beef were okay and the fish was awful - very fishy tasting. It said it was snapper on the menu but I have never tasted such fishy snapper. My sister had the veggie burro and that was pretty good. The side of rice was so-so but the beans were great. We also had the prickly pear sorbet with berries and liked it.  The owner?/manager was quite friendly as was the staff. This is just a preliminary review as this was our first visit. Since we just bought a house in the neighborhood, I'm sure we'll try them again - if only for the salsa and the beans!
4 I love the building and how they kept a lot of the church's features. The food was very good! The service and the timing of the food was pretty slow... They were not even busy and it took 45 minutes to be served.
4 We like this place. Food, drinks and service are great. But vegetarian taco? For a daily happy hour special? Poor choice. Give us more happy hour choices.
4 Food was great, I had a shrimp taco and a beef taco, glass of Kung Fu girl. Lots of gluten free options. Service was fantastic, super friendly and while they weren't well versed in what was gluten free, they were more than willing to find out. Only complaint is that it was super loud. Too loud. I always feel bad for my dad when the music is that loud because it really messes with his hearing aids, this was too loud for me though as well. We went early, so maybe it was happy hour...turn it down, so I can hang out longer and try more tacos!
4 First timer to the Taco Guild drove by it a couple of times and just decided to do lunch there with my co-worker since we work 5 mins away!...First off it's a remodel of an old church..SO DOPE! the layout is very cool! Hostess was super nice and server I believe her name was Laynie was very good! I had the Taco Plate your choice of three tacos on the menu (there are 10 choices) for me it was the Al Pastor Pork-BOMB, Chipotle Cherry Steak-Very Good, and Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef- Good and you get a side, I picked Green Chile Achiote Rice which was really good too!. Will absolutely go back for dinner soon
3 Taco Guild gets points for atmosphere and style but I'm not impressed with their food. These are "gourmet" tacos with lamb and peking duck(cough), but I didn't find them any good for the price. I prefer La Condesa for this type of fancy tacos.  For real street tacos, stick to holes-in-the-wall or stands/trucks. Given that, the old church setting is actually kind of cool and worth a one-time visit.
2 Honestly, the atmosphere is amazing. The interior design, flawless. Super cool vibe and our waitress was very attentive and helpful, one of the best i've met in a while. The only reason we are giving 2 stars is because of the tacos. We were expecting amazing tacos. The appetizer- ceviche was definitely delicious, the chips that came with were my fave! However, we were disappointed as soon as the main entree came. We eat tacos all the time, especially in Az- you can go to the taco trucks and have an amazing meal for $1- $2 a piece. Just because their "fancy" doesn't necessarily mean they are good.  If they fix that, the place would be a 5 star quality restaurant.
4 Right after I posted my review, someone from the restaurant contacted me. Super professional, apologized for the noisiness, acknowledged it was an issue and thanked me for my review. I don't know why, but that just totally impresses me. Will definitely go back!
2 The food doesn't stand a chance when the service is severely lacking.   As mentioned in all the other reviews, the building is beautiful.  Now to what is important... We were a party of 6 and it was a Friday night at 8 pm, but it still should not take 25 minutes for our cocktails to arrive after we ordered them.  And when they did start to arrive, they came out a couple at a time.  So by the time we all had drinks, some were ready for round 2.  And we all thought the margaritas were more like large shots.  3 sips and the drink was empty.  Small glasses, lots of ice.  Decent taste though. I will say the salsa was decent and the warm chips were great.  The tacos were just ok.  I have had much better tacos for a lot less.  And the sides were forgettable.   I would return to try other tacos, but the service just left a really bad taste in my mouth.  It just fell short.  From the terribly long wait for the drinks, to having to search the entire restaurant for the server to get a bill, it all just was disappointing.   We had 2 apps to share, 2 cocktails each, 3 tacos each with 1 side and the bill was $46 per person.
4 Taco Guild is wonderful!!   The old church atmosphere is cool and the service was beyond amazing. There were so many helpful people that were all very attentive. The juke box is a little weird as far as creating a "vibe" in the restaurant, but that can be easily remedied.  As for the food: I got two Yucatan shrimp tacos and a snapper taco. The shrimp was SO flavorful with just the right amount of toppings in the tortilla. The snapper was very tasty, but not my favorite. My husband got an al pastor, lamb, and a cherry beef taco. He raved about the beef the most! For a Sunday afternoon, the service was fast and the food was so fresh and tasty! We will definitely come back for more...soon!
5 Been wanting to try this place since it opened and so glad my Hubby and I went tonight!   The building is so cool to sit there and look around as you are eating. We loved looking at the old stain glass windows and then talking with our Server about the history of the building.   The food was amazing. The chips were fresh and warm. My hubby is a super picky eater of tacos and he LOVED them! We each tried three different tacos! The Lamb taco was by far my favorite while my husband loved the two different pork tacos they offered! And the margaritas were pretty tasty as well!    Our server Mike made the whole experience even better. He was very helpful with everything on the menu and he was probably one of the best servers we've ever had.   I think we found our new favorite restaurant!
5 Our experience at taco guild was great! Our server Latim (I hope I spelled that right) was knowledgable and well trained. Our chips came out fresh and hot and the salsa to go with it was delicious. I ordered the margarita - one of the best I've ever had, you won't be disappointed. But the highlight of the night was the duck taco - get it. Everyone at our table loved it!
5 This is the true definition of gastropub (A public house which serves upscale food but with a primary mission of being a bar).  So, if a restaurant knows what they are, then I am not going to judge them on things that would never apply.  When I was in Ireland, did I make a reservation at a pub?  No! OK, enough on my thoughts on the commentary of reviews judging them on reservations, waiting on food, blah blah.    Now, let's get to the review.  We showed up with no reservation and I am not sure they even take them; but who cares?  It's an upscale pub.  We no sooner sat down when we were asked what we'd like to drink.  The beers here are only local breweries so if you want bud light, forget about it.    The tacos were unique street tacos. Very tasty and well presented.  I would recommend getting the queso/guacamole starter.  Be careful not to go crazy ordering food.  This operates just like a pub so you can order add-on. They don't have hot plate service so when food is done, it is brought to the table.  Like I said, order in small orders like you would ordering a pint with food in a pub and you'll get it.  The place is very nicely decorated and servers equally awesome.  About the only drawback is the parking and this location lacks it after 5:30 PM - of course that would explain the valet required.  This is a pub with fantastic food.  It's pretty 'dern unique and makes for a nice meet-up place before going large in the naked city of Phoenix.
2 Dined last night 1/28/14  First, let me say that  the food at Taco Guild is (mostly) awesome. The salsa is too runny, though, and I judge a lot about  Mexican food experience on the quality of the salsa. I had the grilled romaine salad and a side of corn-off-the-cob that was delicious, and their draught beer selection from local breweries is solid.   HOWEVER, the service is so horrendous that it nearly neutralizes all of the positives of the cuisine. First, our waitress brought me the wrong wine. Instead of allowing the table to keep the accidental glass, from which I had already drunk, she said that she had to take it back from me, or charge me for it. Really?? You'd rather waste a perfectly good glass of wine  than just let us consume it? I surely hope you weren't going to pour it back into the bottle for reuse!!  Secondly, one of the members of our table did not receive his drink, and upon waiting  fifteen minutes for it to arrive, instead of admitting she forgot, the waitress told us it was because the drinks are handmade, thus taking a long time. Said drink arrived three minutes later. Then he did not receive his soup, then he only received a single a-la-carte taco rather than the full plate that he ordered. Then he received the wrong side dish with the plate. It was absurd.   Third, after mentioning to one of the owners (who I am told also partially owns z tejas) that we didn't care for the jukebox (the general public seems to have an affinity for mediocre 90s alt rock), his reply was, "Okay. Pretend it isn't there." What a rude, smug, jerk.   I'll be going elsewhere for my Mexican food. I'd rather not wait 15 minutes for the wrong class of wine, while being forced to listen to the Gin Blossoms.
2 Been here twice! Our first experience was beyond terrible. Servers and hostess's were bad! First time, the server never showed up to offer us any drinks etc, we were waiting for over 20 minutes. We left. It's really nice inside. But the service and food is just all around bad. Tried the tacos, $5.00 for a dam taco? Have had way better tacos than that. The chicken taco was drenched in fat, the only one that was semi-good was the adovada taco? I think. The salsa was delish! I'm a salsa freak, so I would know.  The rice was gross and the beans?? Don't even get me started on that. On a scale of 1-10, 10 being yummy, I say their food is a 3!! Overall, too expensive, bad service and "blah" food.
2 The food was great.  So was the service.  The building is cool, as is the bar.  We won't go back. The music ruins it.  Bad call guys.
5 Friendly staff, unique location, and awesome food! Have yet to try something I haven't enjoyed! The local farm to table concept and beer are killer!
5 Another great addition to downtown!!! I love that they use the same kind of tortillas you would find in Mexico. Interesting history in this church. I love how they kept a lot of the original church in the remodel. At this moment I am eating their salsa which is perfect. Spicy but not like you ate the sun. The tacos are Mexico meets urban. Super creative. I'll be back for sure!
4 I tried this place out for lunch with a co-worker and was pleasantly surprised. The place was crowded so we sat at the bar. I ordered the house salad with creamy cilantro dressing and the sofrito beans. My friend orders a couple of tacos. My friend actually received her plate 10 minutes before I did, which didn't make sense, but whatever. The salad was really good. The beans were a little salty, as though the sauce had been reduced too much. I added the beans to my salad and it was heavenly. The atmosphere is a little loud but tolerable. I definitely recommend!
3 Had the Romaine Salad, which was very good..skip the up charge for the chicken..$4.00 for 4 small chunks of chicken...Won't do that again. The table next to us had ask if they had a Server...
4 I have been here a few times now and I love it! The tacos are delicious (recently tried the lamb - yum!), the margaritas supreme, and the atmosphere is fab. I recommend this to anyone wanting to try a new place in Midtown.
2 Do not go if you have kids. Me and my wife both gave Taco guild 5 stars in the past. However, when someone from Taco Guild contacted us to thank us for the review, we mentioned that it was extremely inconvenient for a restaurant to have one high chair for the whole place. They said they would "work on it. ". We have been 5 times since and 5 weeks have gone by....and they still have one high chair. You can get restaurant high chairs in a single trip to any supply store. It's obvious they do not care for families or care for suggestions. Great food but don't go with kids or large groups.      Won't be going back until they can accommodate more than one toddler in the whole restaurant.
5 So I FINALLY had a chance to stop at Taco Guild today and my oh my, was I blown away. The inside of the church is revamp porn. Glam/Midevil/Missionary/Catholic/Vintage and Goth rolled into one amazing place to enjoy a meal.  The salsa was delicious. The tacos were amazing! I was incredibly thrilled to see they used home made tortillas in their tacos. Great happy hour menu! Friendly staff and QUICK serving times. Quality ingredients and unique flavorings. I have a new favorite spot to add to my regular outings list. I am thrilled to have Taco Guild in Phoenix. The music is pretty random as well, but I liked it. As I told my friends, Taco Guild is basically church, tacos and Drake all at once. Enjoy lovelies! Five stars!   (Brown person approved lol)
4 Tacos is the new religion.  Rushed in after work with the wifey, the minute we walked into the restaurant our mind were blown.  The concept and the theme was spectacular, we rushed in around 10:30pm thinking that their kitchen is probably closed but they actually ended up bringing out the full menu for us.  When you first walked thru the front door the entire dining hall opens up, the acoustic and the setting made me felt like im going to have some tacos with St. Peter himself.  Here are the things we had ordered, 1. 1893 Frozen Margarita. 2. Jalapeno Bacon Guacamole  LOVED IT! 3. Fresh Ceviche of the day (Shrimp and scallop!)  I had ordered all the New School Tacos and my personal favorite was the Chipotle Chery Steak, and the Peking Duck.  Just beautifully done, the texture of the steak just melts in your mouth.  Their Tortillas were so fluffy and fresh if i had a bed  made out their tortillas i would sleep on it and eat myself with it.   she had the Pork Adovada, Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef and Guild chicken. She really enjoyed the Pork Adovada out of the 3 (Old World Tacos)  They also gave us 2 free sides, the Green Chile Achiote Rice, and Crispy Poblano Onion Straws.     The service was fantastic, loved the jukebox and the restroom was pretty cool too.  I really enjoyed my experience there, and have since sent quite a few people that way, and have heard nothing but good things about it.
1 I went to Taco Guild expecting to love the place but unortunately, I was rather disappointed. Expecting a hefty wait at about 7pm on a Saturday, but my buddy & I were seated at a patio table right away. The space itself is excellent; cool concept & well thought out. I ordered a $10 drink of which the name escapes me, and that was tasty enough but really not worth ordering again. Service was attentive & prompt. The requisite chips & salsa were quite good and I liked all the varieties of the trio of homemade hot sauces that were brought to the table too.   Now for the problems: I ordered the taco trio, which includes a side dish. 1 braised beef, 1 al pastor, 1 duck, achiote rice for my side. The braised beef: flavor was fine, but it /literally/ smelled like a barn. It was difficult to reconcile its' decent taste with its' terrible smell. The al pastor: the pork was almost white, with nary a hint of chile or pineapple flavor; almost to the point of being simply a pork taco. It wasn't awful or anything, but it just wasn't anything resembling any al pastor I've ever had. The duck: stringy, dry. If you've had carne seca & know the dried, sinewy texture it has, this is about all I can compare the duck to. Duck is considered a bit of a 'luxurious' food, but this didn't stack up by any means. The achiote rice: the rice tasted like it came from one of those Uncle Ben's 90 second flavored microwave rice packs and was left in for 60 seconds too long. It was dry & gritty & the corn in it was wrinkled & devoid of any moisture. The rice just had that processed sodium bomb texture & taste to it.   I wanted to like Taco Guild, but 4 food items ordered & 4 strike outs don't bode well. Maybe it was just an off night; I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again. If it's bad again, I won't return & won't recommend it.   One more thing: whoever has control of the music in the place needs to be fired, and fired like.right.now. ALL OVER THE PLACE. Bad nineties stuff like Blues Traveler, R&B, classic rock and multiple country music songs on rotation. I'll readily admit that I'm a pretentious music elitist, but I can tolerate most stuff by just tuning it out. Country music, however, just makes me ill. Besides-  country music at an urban, younger crowd taco shop...  Why? How does that even remotely fit in w/ the customer demographic of a place like this? Nobody there wants to hear country crap piped in to this old church building.
3 I love the decor of this place! It's in an old church and there is a lot of history to the building, which can be seen on the walls. I do wonder how Jesus feels about alcohol being served in a once place of worship? C'mon! I had to wonder?! That wondered, I did not love the chips nor the salsa; that's kind of a make it or break it for me. The next thing was that we made it with 45min to spare on happy hour. Not paying attention, we ordered Margs on the rocks ... But later realized the marg on the happy hour menu was 'frozen' , NOT on the rocks. Hmm. Okay. So I guess I wasn't impressed with the fact that they are probably out of one of those slush pre-made machines. A good list of drinks though; just limited, VERY limoted on happy hour drinks. On to food; I had the Thai fish curry taco; a chicken and the duck taco. The duck stated that it had Brie cheese , but I was not able to prove that. I did like the taste of it but the fish was my favorite. Ordered the shoe string onions to go with and again, meh. To follow it up, they were out of all the desserts except two. We tried the lemon tarte and it reminded me of a 'not all the way cooked' pie, yet tasted like Lemon meringue with no meringue. Weird. Ambience and staff great. But one sinner to another .. Fill thine menu with more sinning drinks , please.
4 Went there a few weeks ago, heard so much about it and had to check it out. Love the interior and it has kind of a hip/trendy vibe (without being too much). Really enjoyed the decor.  Had a margarita, some tacos and a side and it was very, very tasty. Do plan on coming back.  The only issue I had that I noticed when I was looking at my online banking, the processing charge on the card I used was 20% more than the receipt, which left me confused (also I tipped with cash instead of on my card). I called the following day and talked to a manager, they said it was charge for the proper amount and wasn't sure why it showed up as a higher charge. Maybe it was because it's a fairly new business or with my bank (BOA), but wasn't completely clear why. When the charge was processed, it was for the proper amount. Not sure why that happened, maybe next time I'll pay in cash...
4 This location is so cool! I love the decor and concept of the restaurant. The menu is pretty small, but the tacos are good. I had the short rib & the chicken, with a side of corn. The corn was delicious and so was the chicken taco. I will skip the short rib next time. Service was great, and so were the different hot sauces to try.
5 Wonderful food. Excellent service. I recommend this gem of a restaurant to everyone. I will be back.
4 Went to Taco Guild, beautiful inside! Tacos were good. Enjoyed the chips and the 3 different salsas they offer. Had a great server named Eric. Bar looks like a great setup, need to check out there happy hour.
5 My husband and I went to dinner at Taco Guild tonight in spite of the rating I had seen on Yelp. To start off, I would recommend going here...  Saying that, I would advise that it is more of an artisanal taco restaurant, not abuelitas mexican cuisine. I ordered an Al Pastor and a Pork Adovada taco in the lettuce wraps. They were both wonderful!!  My husband ordered the chicken taco and a cherry steak/beef taco (I forget what it was called), and neither of them were fabulous.. The chicken was very bland, and neither taco was seasoned quite right and did not have enough meat in them. He tried both of my tacos, and loved them both. We will both stick to al pastor and pork next time we visit.  We both enjoyed the chips and salsa, as well as the chorizo meatballs as an appetizer. Spicey!! But really good :).  The ambiance inside is nice. Bad music choices, (we both like country but not particularly in a historic church over tacos...), but they have put a lot of effort in making the place unique.  We both LOVED our waitress, and felt the service was great. I am rating 5 stars now because I think this place deserves higher than 3.5 stars... Previous reviews tear the service apart but we have to be understanding of new restaurants--they don't get to choose the country's top 50 servers and hire them for their grand opening.   This place offer tacos in butter lettuce wraps...you don't find that often!! And they were so good, my husband (who is no tiny twig) is going to order them my way next time and pass up the corn tortillas.   We will be back, and I'll cross my fingers my hubby gets meatier tacos in subsequent visits. It's worth a shot.
3 I had such high hopes about Taco Guild.  I really really did  I was looking forward going there for awhile.  So my date and I went there with the highest expectations.  Yes, I think he liked it a lot better than I did, but he just really loves tacos.    Now, the place was gorgeous inside, I have to give it that.  It was old church and they kept the beauty of the structure, which actually made me happy.    The service was alright.  Nothing that stands out there.  But I was looking forward to the food.  The menu is limiting.  We started off with the chips and guacamole.  It had NO FLAVOR!  None at all.  It actually made me very sad.  And the tacos?  (I had the chicken and shrimp) was actually bland.  I wasn't impressed.  But I will try you again Taco Guild.  Maybe it was an off night?  But I do have to say, your margaritas were great!
4 I love the old church that houses Taco Guild. It's such a pretty, unique dining experience that if nothing else, try this place out to enjoy the ambiance. Luckily, the food delivers, so you aren't just enjoying eye candy at Taco Guild.  I like that the tortilla chips are warm when they're served, and the accompanying salsa is fresh and delicious. My husband and I started with the Guild Duo - guacamole and queso. The queso was great, with fresh tomatoes and cilantro. The guacamole was good, though a little lightly seasoned for my personal taste. The portion size was big, though, so I can't complain too much.  We tried the guild chicken taco, vegetable taco, and molida lamb  taco. The chicken was really nice, with a touch of sweetness. I could see this becoming my favorite go to taco at Taco Guild. The veggie was great, with wonderfully seasoned vegetables. The molida lamb was rich and delicious. Make sure you like blue cheese before ordering this, and I would suggest only ordering one because it's rich and heavy. The lamb was moist and wonderful - really liked this taco. We also had the beer battered onion jalapeno straws, which were your standard fried goodness, but nothing spectacular to write home about. I think I'll try the corn next time.  I think the prices were pretty reasonable, and the service was good. Parking was easier than I thought it would be. I would forgo turning in from Osborn but instead turn in from 7th St behind Taco Guild and Starbucks.  I will definitely be back to try more tacos.
4 We went to Taco Guild on date night, food was OK, but they just try too hard.  Building a good Taco is not rocket science, Was a little expenses for two people. Drinks were small and overpriced also. Had great service and the manager came by to check on us.
4 We had a fun date night here. Cool space good atmosphere. A bit on the loud side. Our drinks were tasty and we really enjoyed the tacos. Our dessert was not special, and this is coming from a girl who will eat anything dessert wise. I would skip next time.
4 Madison is a awesome Bartender, food was good & it's like going to church, but with tacos. Amen.
5 So lets start at the beginning.  Nestled on the corner of 7th St & Osborn is an old church building that now houses Taco Guild.  The decor and architecture is an amazing mix of new and old so you get an ethereal feeling from the minute you walk in.  Then comes the whole tequila and beer experience!  Nothing like sharing a shot of tequila and a cold beer on a Thursday night (their happy hour lasts till 7 PM) and feasting on a duo of queso and fresh guacomole infused with jalapenos and bacon.  I honestly didn't know if I would have any room left for dinner, but where there's an amazing taco, there's a way.  The tacos are divided in two groups, Old World and New World, which basically means old-traditional, new-mind blowing.  I had two off the New side, the Yucatan Shrimp (a favorite of the entire table) and my favorite, the lamb with Creole aioli, bleu cheese and sweet potato hay.  I can not wait to take my next group of out of town visitors to this amazing little place and I will ask for Joshua again.  He was knowledgeable, helpful, funny and a great waiter.    PS:  They do not take reservations, however you can call and get put on a wait list.  Its worth it.
5 This place was pretty tasty. $10 for 3 different tacos. Crazy as it seems, the mashed potatoes taco was awesome. As was the pork and cheese one. Great restaurant inside a converted church. Would come again if I lived here.
2 As many have said, the decor is amazing.  But Taco Guild implies expertise in tacos. It brings pain to say, because hopes were high, that the tacos are not great. - Shrimp taco: the amount of sodium in this taco was such that I couldn't taste anything else. - Snapper taco: although the snapper was dry, the flavor was actually pretty good. If Thai curry were to be a taco, this is the one. - Veggie taco: this was probably the most confusing...and sad. It was listed in their "old world" taco section. I took this to mean that this was going to be standard southwestern flavor.  Nope. Soggy Brussels sprouts, tomatoes, cheese, and...guacamole? Why?!? I love Brussels sprouts. Taco version was horrifying. -Pork tacos: flavor was, for the most part, absent. Meat was dry.  Overall...sad times.
1 Oh... Taco Guild.    I bitterly resent having to give you a single star.  Pretty much everything is a disaster... from high-top stools designed by Torquemada, to the brazenly over priced drinks fetched by surly independently wealthy cocktail servers.  Our server looked like a lumberjack, yet acted like Serge from Beverly Hills Cop.    I had two tacos, "torn lettuce cups."  What I got was half a head of wet butter lettuce with a neat tablespoon of sodium soaked protein in the middle.  The pork adobo was indistinguishable from the coffee braised brisket.  Truly stunning for $3.95 EACH.  I have eaten more satisfying fare out of an MRE packet.    It is loud inside, which amplifies the horrific choice to put a jukebox in a restaurant.  There is a ton of service staff, none of which will make eye contact with a patron begging for a drink.    The chips were fresh and crunchy, and the salsas offered were not bad.  Perhaps that merits the single star I was forced to give.
1 This would be a 5-star review if I left out the food.  I love the building, the decor and the layout.  It is a bit loud and the waitstaff seems to wander a bit without real direction.  We were so looking forward to having a great new lunch spot near our office.  After our dining experience we have no plans to return.    The food looked great... But it didn't taste great.  That's a real problem for a restaurant to overcome.  I did not enjoy any of the things I tried.  I had three different types of their tacos and only ate half of each.  The coffee beef was the worst.  The shrimp was the best of the three but again, wasn't great.  Heck, it wasn't even good or I would have polished it off.  The beans tasted as though they came out of a can and were off-brand.  The corn was probably the best thing we ate (besides the chips--but how do you screw up chips?).  When my parents came to town recently I took them there to show them the building.  My Mom was very excited and wanted to eat there and I dissuaded her based upon my experience.  There had better be some HUGE changes in their kitchen ASAP or there will be no hope for their future.  Great name but they don't deserve it!
2 very cool place but the food was mediocre at best, i've had better out of a roach coach.
3 Gorgeous building and space.  The bar is done up nicely.  The food is fairly good although the rice I got was a bowl of mush so I take off points for that.  Decent service initially, waitress kind of disappeared between ordering main and having it served.  I would give it another try for the building alone and I need to get there during Happy Hour!
5 Beautiful place with great food, the chips and salsa are to die for. They have a wide variety of margaritas that are all worth trying. I have been there twice this past week and loved it all, the tacos are amazing and the sweet potato chicken tortilla soup is outstanding. Fun spot and I'm glad Z'Tejas built this is in phx.
5 5 stars. This place is super yummy.  To start, we had the chips and guac with pineapple. A really good combination. Super fresh.   I got the pork adovado taco and a coffee braised beef taco. Incredible. I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.   Also ordered the sangria and it was a bit strong but really refreshing.   Love this place. The decor is awesome and low key vibe. Highly recommend.
2 I was drawn to this place because of the historical building and quite frankly, that's where the quality started and ended for my husband and I.   Service was very disjointed and food was average at best. I was particularly disappointed in my 8.00 cocktail which was their take on a Salty Dog (one of my favs) that tasted like watered down grapefruit juice from a mix. Other flavors promised were nowhere to be found.  They advertise using local farms... How about some Fresh squeezed juice?  Probably won't be back. I'd drive to Mexico first.
5 Fantastic remodel of the church! It's absolutely gorgeous inside and out. Great service! I had the grilled romaine lettuce salad with chicken and that is one of the top 5 salads I have ever had!
3 My overall experience at Taco Guild was very pleasurable. The restaurant might not look like more than an old church from the street but as soon as you get to the doors you know you are in for a real treat! The interior design of the restaurant is to die for. They converted me to a "Taco Guild Believer" soon as I walked in! The beautiful ambience of the restaurant and the delicious chips and salsa set the bar very high for the quality of the food. I have had several varieties of their tacos and a burrito. I would highly recommend the tacos over the burritos. The beef tacos are significantly better than any seafood tacos (which are poor in flavor).  The three star rating is because the drinks are lacking in both size and strength but still high in price. I would definitely return during happy hour. It looks like they had a great happy hour special on both food and drink
4 This place pulled me in because of the historical building that I absolutely love.   The ambiance inside is great. Interior design is amazing....I love the gothic but yet modern look. Chandeliers are beautiful...the fact that original windows were kept from the previous church is amazing. Décor is pretty awesome which helps the great atmosphere.   The food, I must say it was nothing special. I had better tacos for sure. I also thought they were little over-priced for the amount you get.   I would for sure go back to this place, but mostly because of atmosphere rather than food.
5 I consider myself a taco aficionado.  I know a lot of restaurants have their style of preparing tacos, and a lot of them are excellent (even the typical fried or greasy goodness that represents well, but is not the best for the body).   Enter Taco Guild.   Was this building a former Catholic church? Very cool decor, chic/modern with touches of the inquisition.  I like the portions (small) for several reasons.  You can order as many as you want, but 2 will probably suffice.  I had the AL PASTOR PORK grilled pineapple, jalapeño bacon, pickled red onion. 3.95 and the URBAN BEAN COFFEE BRAISED BEEF caramelized onion, mango jicama relish, Cotija cheese. 3.95. Priced reasonably and very delicious.
3 The best part about Taco Guild is the atmosphere. It is a gorgeously restored church with original stained glass pieces and a few newer decor items that pull it together seamlessly. They had a nice beer selection with a few from Cartel Coffee's new brews as well. The downfall was the food. The menu made ordering so exciting, but what came out on the plate did not match up to the description. Everything just tasted so bad. Like very surprisingly bad. It's upsetting because I really wanted to like this place too.   If I am in the area again I would go back for the beer and some chips and salsa but that's it.
2 Correct me if I'm wrong!  Taco Guild is brought to you by Z'Tejas!! Explains a lot.  I knew I recognized those cheap weird chips!!!!!  Tacos were just ok. I may go back for just drinks hold the chips and salsa.  The place is so stinkin cool it's a shame the food doesn't do it any justice.
5 The decor and atmostphere was really great!  Kind of restored church meets industrial. couldn't stop looking around.  I had dinner with my son and we ordered a variety of things and everything was really tasty.  We started with the guac w/pineapple and serranos & queso duo.  I never would have thought to add grilled pineapple to guac but the sweetness played well with the spice of the serranos.  We had the Schreiner chorizo meatballs.  That came with slightly sweet and sour shredded beets and their prickly pear sauce.  They had me at Schreiner's.  We sampled two of the tacos - the taco of the day which was grilled chicken, corn and I don't remember what else as well as the chipotle cherry steak.  We enjoyed both and loved the (I believe house made) corn tortillas.  We also ordered the Adovada burrito.  Good stuff.  My son somehow still had room for dessert and ordered the tres leches cake.  It was fine but we both agreed we've had better.  Cocktails are handled well with a strong emphasis on craft tequilas.  No maragarita mix here.  2 thumbs up and we're looking forward to the next visit!
4 Fun atmosphere with very helpful staff. Menu include tequila flights - dependent upon your wallet, street taco - order three and add a side. The tortillas are made the same day -- super fresh and tasty. I tried the pork adovado and shrimp .. the pork was one of the best tacos I have ever had. the shrimp was tasty. Sat at the bar - bartender John.. great attitude and service. only draw back was the marg - only had it frozen on happy hour - would have like it on the rocks at happy hour price ($5) -- having said that - it was a good marg.
3 Good food, excellent drinks, and great patio  The taco's are interesting and flavourful but not my first pick for upscale taco joint.  The decor is amazing, the patio is really nice for an evening out.
5 Our food was awesome!  I had the vegetable make your own burrito with Honest Tea. Very very good.  Our waitress Kelly was  outstanding!  Very friendly and very quick with refills.  She has a great personality and was full of energy and enthusiasm.
5 Unbelievable! 5 star experience. Drinks were constantly filled, chips and salsa constantly replenished, salsa was on point. The veggie burrito my girlfriend and I each got was incredible and filling but not very heavy. Our server was brilliant, and out check was under $30. And not to mention this place is ALL atmosphere, what a trip! Can't wait to bring out of town friends here and show them a great phoenix hot spot!
4 Perhaps a little pricey for a taco joint but I did have the best taco I've ever had. Duck confit with an apricot jam with feta cheese. I'm not usaully a huge fan of corn tortillas because the tend to be dry and coarse but they make their own masa there and it is wonderful. Fresh, chewy, and compliments the tacos extremely well. The bartender was a cool dude who made an effort to be entertaining, I appreciate that style in the right setting, cheers to him. The building is way cool as well, it's in an old church, but you don't feel bad pounding tequilla, well played Taco Guild.
4 Beautiful location although it is hard to find parking at lunch time in the middle of the week.  The menu was small which isn't always a bad thing. They serve you chips and salsa on the house as soon as you sit down.  The salad was actually delicious.  Didn't taste like any other salad I've had before. Didn't try the tacos so cant review on those. I would go again to try the rest of the food. Servers were very nice as well.
3 Chips and salsa is reason enough to go here. Tacos were delicious. Unfortunately none of us truly got what we ordered.  No cilantro means no cilantro usually, but at the guild it means extra I guess. 3 of us made small changes to the menu items and none of them were complied with.   Also, refills were non-existent (water or tea).  The poor hostess had to come through with out only refill of tea as we were about to leave. I apparently forgot to ask for iced tea as all we got was warm tea in our cup.  So to recap, chips and flavor of food was awesome. Don't change anything on the menu. Don't expect solid service. Maybe they were busy. Or had an off day.
4 Building was gorgeous. Service had a little to be desired. Friendly, but not very efficient. We ordered burritos, probably should've ordered tacos. They were good, but not enough to bring me back. I would go back to try the tacos.
4 Beautiful design,  and I would check this place out for that reason alone. The menu was fun, & just the right amount of options.  We only did happy hour, but everything we tried was delicious.  Definitely want to go back again.  Plus, the valet service they offered there was top notch!
4 One of the very few restaurants in Phoenix that has pleased me. The margaritas are tasty and strong, the tacos are quite delish, and our server Laura was a sweetie pie and attentive. My only complaint: We all thought is was pretty disgusting that there are no doors covering doorways to the bathrooms. Yes, you don't walk directly into the bathroom, but when you are sitting anywhere near the open doorways, which lead to a tiled "bathroom looking" area, it can be enough to turn your stomach. Why not cease the opportunity to place another beautiful and creative piece of woodwork? Come on, Mr. Fox.
3 4 stars for the ambiance...eating in a dark-ish church makes you feel like you're in a repurposed building in Europe. Definitely well-done. I feel like they should host a gothic dance night here.  5 stars for chips and salsa and guacamole. VERY good!  2 to 3 stars for the rest of the food...not that memorable.  2 stars for service. We were ignored for the first 10 minutes we were there. The manager came over eventually and asked if we'd been helped. Then he found a server for us.  Expensive for what we got, we probably won't go back. But the ambiance is great...probably very good for a date.
4 I really wanted to check out this place! I heard excellent things about the atmosphere! The old church did Not disappoint, it was so beautiful, I really enjoyed the setting. The happy hour deals were really awesome! My $5 margarita was nice, crisp and strong. The chips and salsa were sooooo yummy! The chips appear to be fresh and housemade. I tried the povado- pork- avocado taco, pretty yummy as well!! All in all pretty cute, yummy food. Be prepared to spend some cash, prices can get high. Our tall male server was not my fave however, kind of Abrupt and seemed to dislike us a lot. Took chips and salsa away when we were still eating them. Kind of a get out moment..  Oh well, all the ladies that worked there seemed nice, lots of hello, goodbye and thank you greetings. I would try again and maybe sit at the bar according to other reviews :)
3 Great old building. Beautiful stained glass. Food was good - interesting pairings. The tacos were small but filling. The guac is fantastic. Waiter was very rude to a person in our party. Overall - fun place to lunch. Will I return. Meh. Maybe.
5 Yes this place is gorgeous; a restored church turned gastro pub with a great vibe!  the bar is the alter, how sweet is that?!! My new Sunday spot & Happy Hour starts at 2 with a secret menu including an egg brunch taco. WIN! As a vegetarian suto vegan, I have many options.  This place is like the 'Whole Foods' of tacos.  The veg tacos are to die for with rotating local seasonal vegetables...which included brussel sprouts, carrots & collard greens! The tortillas are fresh made soft corn, YUM so tasty! The rice & beans are veg too. And as for the drink, it was so delicious --- I got the Osbourn -- nice & strong, well worth the price using a top shelf smooth Anejo Tequila & all the juice is squeezed fresh.  I don't think they use mixes at all. Great bar & delicious food. & also the chips & salsa are complimentary. Like I said, this place is my new Church on Sunday.
3 Came here for lunch because so many people have suggested Taco Guild. I definitely give the ambiance 5 stars - this place is a remodeled church and it's really cool inside. I also give the service 5 star. Sat at the bar and the service we received was exceptional.  As far as the food - it was a bit mediocre to me. The tacos are upscale and depending on what kind you get, between $3 and $5 a taco. If you get three, you get a free side. For being this expensive, I figured there would be more flavor with the tacos. I've had much better at hold in the wall places to be honest.   The chips and guac were perfect though - I had that for the starter. Plus the salsa is very good as well. I'd give it a try if you're interested in checking it out - I'd probably go back for happy hour sometime.
5 Our waiter was very friendly and very prompt. Tacos were amazing. Everything looked from scratch including the tortilla. Not only were tacos fantastic but margarita on the rocks was amazing.   I would definitely come again. The decor and historic building make it a lovely experience.
5 To start off with the building is ultra cool being in an old church with the stained glass windows still intact and all.  They have an extensive tequila list and also feature local craft brews from Cartel, Papago, Four Peaks, etc.  The portions of guacamole were large enough for a group of 4.  Very interesting mix of tacos to choose from from lamb with blue cheese to peking duck. Prices were fair and service was excellent. Could turn into a new regular place for us.
2 I've been wanting to try this place since it has opened. It's close to my house and to have a good taco spot by the house makes me happy. I decided to take my mom out to dinner for her birthday since she wanted to try something new. Atmosphere and ambiance are definitely cool. As for the food it was not even that good. Everything we ordered was missing flavor. We started off with the guacamole with bacon. That needed ALOT of salt. And I don't even like salty food. I ordered the shrimp taco and the thai snapper. They were OK. You can definitely get better somewhere else for half the price. Their tortillas are weird too, too thick in my opinion. We also tried the corn and that was good, but again needed salt. Taco Guild needs to step up their game on FLAVOR!! I would only go back for a margarita and chips and salsa. Our waitress was not that great either. 2 stars is all you get Taco Guild.
5 This was a first time experience for me and it was AWESOME! We sat out on patio (which is much quieter than inside) the weather was perfect, we sat with great company, had an awesome waiter and delicious food.  I really couldn't ask for more. I love that they had gluten free options too!  This will be a regular spot for me as long as I can sit on the patio.  I admit if I sat inside I might have a different opinion of this place.  When i walked inside to go to the bathroom I realized how LOUD it was inside. They definitely need to work on the acoustics to make it more personal for each table.  AND pretty please arrange your table better so there can be a more clear path to the bathroom.  All in all, this places deserve a 5!
1 I live down the block and was excited when it opened. The food is terrible. They have goofy tacos like Tye snapper abd burned veggies. The service is good however. This a a Z Tejas resturant and that says it all. Lets hope it changes hands soon
3 Clearly, you come to Taco Guild for the atmosphere. Which is great. The tacos are expensive and sound better than they taste. The use of local ingredients earned this place its 3rd star.  The Happy Hour specials are reasonable and the orientation of long, group-style seating and dim lighting make it a good spot for that.  Bikes out front, set in an architecturally interesting church, hidden behind a Starbucks.
3 It's kind of a cool venue and there's plenty of parking. The food is okay: more of an "upscale middle-class white people" kind of Mexican restaurant and less "actual Mexican people enjoy actual Mexican food." Chips and salsa were free and tasty and the drinks were pretty good! Our service wasn't great, we had a coupon which had no limits on it but both our server and the manager refused to honor it. This was particularly frustrating, since we had come because of the coupon. Also there's something about eating an old church that either creeps me out or bums me out (im not sure). It's not a bad place to go, but there's lots of GOOD Mexican food in Phoenix so why settle for okay? This place is fine, but nothing special.
5 OMG.  I never know what to brag about more.  Frozen margaritas - perfect.  Cheese and guacamole appetizer - can't stop eating it.  tacos diverse in option and I love every one.  I wish they has a sixth star.
4 While waiting for service on my motorcar a few blocks away, I stumbled across a historic church bldg dating back to 189something that was converted into a restaurant, specializing in unique and equally tasty tacos like "thai coconut curry red snapper." Among an otherwise ubiquitous landscape of corporate empires, a unique find indeed. Why not 5 stars? They forgot to give me a place setting (fork and knife). Otherwise great service.
4 We decided to go to this rehabbed church for cinco de mayo.  The atmosphere is so cool with the stained glass windows and mural on the wall.  The bar looks awesome, though we sat in the booth.  That tacos are mostly good.  There were very few that I didn't like.  During happy hour, the taco of the day (that day was pork carnita) is only 2 dollars.  We got 3 tacos (you get 1 free side then and the rice is a must try) and 3 of the happy hour tacos and were stuffed at the end of it.    Like I said the rice is awesome.  Its got more flavor that you typically get, bits of corn also adds to the appeal.  I really liked the pork adovada and the carnita.  The others were decent but not too exciting - shrimp, duck, guild chicken.  A definite must try if only for the scene!
3 Phoenix has more than enough places to eat Mexican food every single day of the year but I had being wanted to try out Taco Guild with a friend for some time. We finally went and like so many others, I have to give it a 5 for the atmosphere and the building. It's unlike any place I've ever eaten at to be honest. But...for the rest it's a big "meh". There little tacitos are similar to what you find at nearby Joy Ride which I found to be very close in terms of coolness but with tastier tacos.  I took a dive into what I thought was some creamy avocado and it though it wasn't something that set my pallet on fire it was later confirmed by our waiter prior to ordering that the avocado sauce was with jalapenos...now that I could believe.  As for the important thing, the food, I went for the "safe" chicken tacos but there was just something lacking. Not as tender as flavorful and the tacos felt a little too thick. I'll be honest that I'm all for mild tasting salsa and it would have been nice for the waiter to warn that the dipping sauces provided (they are all good and probably perfect for most) are on the spicy side. It also didn't help that there were flies in the restaurant. Not the most enjoyable thing.  I would recommend the place for a drink and happy hour for sure but I'm not honestly sure I'd be back for lunch or dinner. Worth checking out and hopefully having a higher opinion of it then me, amazing decor aside.
5 I love the ambiance at taco guild! It's so fun and a place everyone should see! The tacos are good and you can try different kinds on one plate. 2 tacos wqw plenty!   Try the sangria!!
3 A fan but not a huge fan. We went for happy hour and sat up at the bar. Except for an extremely over served patron sitting next to us we totally loved the atmosphere. We had the bacon guacamole which I didn't love but my boyfriend seemed to enjoy. What did blow me away was the lamb taco! I could have eaten a dozen of them. I highly recommend it and do to anyone who tells me they are going up there for dinner/lunch. I am sure we go back.
4 Definitely come for the atmosphere. I love the location and I LOVE the way they've redone the old church. Seriously it's so cool! The beer list is short, but all local. The cocktails are fun and inventive (c'mon, how can you go wrong with one named 'these boots are made for oaxacan'???).  I heeded the advice of previous reviews, and did not order anything to eat. But they did bring out free chips and salsa and they were delish! Overall, a super cool place to drop by for a drink or two.
4 The restored church is unbelievably cool. The El Pastor pork is my favorite as it's like a gourmet version of a 2 am Mexican street taco. I love the chips and variations of guacamole as well.   The strange downside of this place is there is no clear hostess station and because of this they're horrible at receiving patrons through the front door. Now I love the food enough to endure this, but I've stood at the door so many times to the point it was awkward I had to stop someone to get seated. I've also been told they were on a wait while I could see open tables and simply needed to get somebody else to get a table.  On a sidenote the jukebox can be a blessing or curse. Lots of horrible music but they also have old soul music like Joe Tex on it. My advice is take it over early if you're going to stay for a while.
4 It's hard not to be instantly impressed with Taco Guild, with its beautiful placement inside an old church which they left tastefully in its original form. The food was as inspiring as the surroundings, with some of the best tequila and margarita drinks that Jesus ever transformed from water. The complimentary chips met all of my expectations of crisp and fresh chips, and the diverse mix of salsas that accompanied them were fresh and tasty (my chips were a bit over-salted though according to my blood pressure readings).  It was tough to settle on food choices, but I chose the scallop and shrimp ceviche, the cherry beef taco, and the Pork Al Pastor taco. Three solid choices. The ceviche was beautiful and perfectly seasoned with cilantro and onion, served alongside ridiculously addictive chips. The tacos were both great choices, but I will have to say that the cherry beef topped with bleu cheese was probably the single best item I enjoyed on my Phoenix Mexican gourmet tour.  The service was excellent and very attentive. I do believe Jesus is calling me to come back to this church again.
5 New favorite restaurant! The location is so stinkin cool and the food is unbelievable!! I could have drank the salsa... The staff there is just phenomenal, everyone treats you like you are a regular, so friendly and when the ask if you need something or how the food is, it's like they REALLY care! Seriously. You can tell they all care about their jobs and care about their customers. Love this place and can't wait to go back!
4 I am a big fan of street tacos so I was happy to give this place a try.  By far the most expensive street tacos I've ever seen or tasted.  They are good but $4-$5 each is crazy for a 3" taco.  The ingredients are good.  I wasn't blown away by the thai inspired taco but the al pastor was great.      The best chips and salsa I have ever tasted in a restaurant.  I would score the place lower if it wasn't for the awesome chips and salsa.  Everything is made in house and it was awesome.  The decor is very nice and the service was excellent.
4 Incredible atmosphere, delicious gourmet food and super friendly service.  We'll be back soon, for sure!  The building alone is worth the trip - the resturant is inside a beautiful old church, complete with high ceilings, stained glass window and atmosphere out the wazoo!  The trappings of the restaurant (tables, bar, etc.) are blended nicely into this gorgeous setting.     Excellent food:  The guacamole was delightfully fresh and delicious and the complimentary salsa was tasty (chips - a bith thick for my taste, but fresh).  The tacos really stole the show.  I got the Thai Snapper taco and the Shrimp Taco, and both were super impressive!  I was delighted to discover that, in addition to corn or flour tortillas, you can order them in lettuce wraps!!  I'm not a huge fan of tortillas, and this means I can fit more guacamole in my tummy, plus the lettuce is fresh and delicious, giving the tacos a lovely summery lightness.  I also had a bite of the seasonal vegetable taco, which somehow tasted even better than mine - woah!  The seasonal veggie side was small and tasty, too (I sampled my husband's).  We took advantage of the Sunday Happy Hour (starts at 2pm, all day!) and had beers and wines at a bargain to complement our tasty eats.  Their beer list is short but super local - Four Peaks, Oak Creek, Cartel.  Our server was funny and attentive (excellent drink refills).  Overall, a big win!
4 Usually not a fan of chains (Z'Tejas), as I try to keep my business with locally owned organizations but  happy I checked out Taco Guild. Super neat space and great ambiance. The food and drink menus are excellent and the service has always been very good. Happy hour is also a nice treat.
4 Good place love the church feel,... I also love that they have allot of Spirit,.the taco are amazing get the duck,... you will thank me later.
3 (Review includes update)  My daughter and I arrived on a Friday night and were seated after about a 10-minute wait.  Hostess was friendly.  The place was quite busy but staffing seemed adequate.  We knew something was wrong when the hostess who seated us said, "I'll have someone wait on you as soon as possible." I've never heard that before.  After two minutes of not even being acknowledged, i.e., "I'll be right with you," we continued to be treated as if we were invisible.  My back was turned but three servers made eye contact with my daughter and they also had time to converse amongst themselves - yet NONE said a word to us. I started the stopwatch and said if no one comes to us in three minutes, we walk. After three and a-half minutes, we got up and left.  What a shame. The menu looked interesting and the ambience was pretty cool.  But the lack of service was the worst I've experienced in a long time. Will never go back.  UPDATE I commend management for responding to my complaint and they have invited us back to try Taco Guild again. I have adjusted to three stars and will update the rating again based on our next experience.  Their manager was embarrassed by the service we received and thoroughly apologized. That's quite honorable.
5 Service , sangria, salsa guacamole excellent. Tasty selection of tequilas! Tacos new n old great choices. The renewed church amazing architecture n design!!
4 Tacos with a twist. From farm to face, all of the food is very good and super fresh. I love the fact that they embraced the church feel, very trendy.the street corn and guacamole are a must. I am glad I found this place and I will definitely come back again. Overall great experience!
5 I am a member of HolyTacoChurch.com. With many of my brothers and sisters in town for Phoenix Comicon, it was only right that we take a pilgrimage to the Taco Guild and its church building.   Oh, and the Taco Guild is indeed blessed.  Our party took us half the restaurant, it seemed, and yet the service was excellent. The chunky pineapple-mint guacamole and the queso were superb with the chips. And hello, happy hour! I like margaritas but they aren't my favorite, but the frozen margarita there was a potent delight.  I selected three tacos: pork adovada, Yucatan shrimp, and grilled seasonal vegetable. The pork was awesome. I've tried many of the highly-rated taco places around, and this pork is now rated among the best. In part, this is because it was finely shredded and very easy to eat. No big chunks falling out all over.  The shrimp taco was the most disappointing of the lot--the hot sauce overwhelmed any other flavor, even though it didn't have much of a kick. Even so, it was quite edible, and much better than tacos at other places.  I LOVED the vegetable taco. The texture was perfection--crisp, with lots of flavor.  For my free side, I got a house side salad with a chipotle vinaigrette (I think). I was pleased with how large the salad was, and the dressing was unique and good.  This is my new favorite taco place in Phoenix. The food and ambience can't be beat. Sadly, my friends have now scattered across the country, but now I can drag my family here whenever we're in the vicinity of downtown. I must share the sanctity of this place.
3 The husband and I checked out the Taco Guild's happy hour after yoga the other day. The happy hour is alright, it includes a 5$ marg, discounted beer, and discounted shot of tequila with a beer. Additionally, there is a special on the 'taco of the day' (2$). Pretty slim pickings, but not terrible. We each got a marg and we split a taco ( just to taste it). The frozen margarita was STRONG. It tasted like straight tequila. Some people may like this... I would rather it have more flavor. We had chips and salsa with our drinks. They bring out 4 salsas... one large container of red salsa and 3 small containers of other spicier salsas ( one tomatillo based, one orange sauce that tasted very acidic and maybe was made with habanero?, and a pink looking salsa that was spicy and tasty). 2/3 of the small salsas were good, but so small they were hard to eat. The large red salsa was terrible... it tasted like marinara sauce... yuck. The taco of the day was a pork taco with onions and peppers... Our server couldn't pronounce the name and I don't remember what it was, but it was fairly good. The meat was tender, but it was a little overly oniony. I would consider coming back, but it wouldn't be my first choice in town for tacos.
1 Other than the decor, this over-priced, noisy taco joint lacks culinary appeal.    Props to the service -- good and prompt.    I ordered the three tacos and side combo.  The tacos were salty and the fish was this side of bad.
5 This is by far my new favorite place! $5 Happy Hour Margaritas are delicious and I even have a favorite server! Try it! You won't regret it! My fav taco is the coffee bean braised beef but every taco I've tried is wonderful! The sides have changed over time but I'm honestly never disappointed!  P.S. Ask for Tim as your server...he's the BEST!!!!
5 Went for lunch. We were greeted promptly, and seated as such. The menu is simple. A small selection of appetizers and entrees. My friend and I decided to sit at the bar after  realizing the chairs at the tables were a bit uncomfortable. The ambience is very nice. Started with the chips and salsa. Very good. There was a sauce that looked like ketchup that was delicious and spicy. My favorite. For tacos, we had the shrimp, the lamb, a beef taco, and the chipotle cherry steak taco. All were fabulous, but one stood out. The chipotle cherry steak taco was out of this world. Amazing. And the wait staff was super friendly. We can't wait to go back!
5 Just went here for the first time tonight. I had a duck taco and a coffee braised beef taco and their homemade corn tortillas. Excellent food! I definitely look forward to going back to try some more items off the menu. Also, their margaritas are delicious!
5 Such a cool atmosphere!! And the food and drinks are amazing! Highly recommend the Bloody Mary on the brunch menu! They have weekend happy hour which is awesome...we will definitely be back soon!
4 ok, i will admit, i was HUGELY skeptical of this place. it had everything going against it...a pilot concept for a chain? no. 'upscale' (read: yuppie) mexican food in a neighborhood that already has a lot of traditional mexican food? no. brand new strip mall that the neighbors i talk to all didnt want? no.  but we finally caved last night and, uh, its very good. beautiful space, great service and selection, everything we had was DELICIOUS. even the salsa spread (regular red, slightly smoked, pureed jalapeno and habanero) they bring you to start is unique and fantastic. my wife and i tried nearly all of the taco selections, all worth it. its not 'real' mexican food in the purist-lingo, but it is damn good.  only complaints: a bit on the pricey side for the quantity you get, the fresh tortillas can apparently be a bit hit or miss as a few were slightly under done and too chewy. everything else was great
2 Meh!  Very average food, poor HH, especially the wine.  I really wanted it to be good but was not impressed.  I left with a $30 bill after 2 average tacos, a very small pour on a cheap wine( which was $9) and a side of beans.   The bad was beautiful.  Too bad the food did not match the atmosphere.
5 I was buying a guitar across the street at Guitar Tree..and wondered over to Taco Guild for lunch. My girlfriend and I were so blown away by the decor of this place! Like an old church slightly converted to a great place too eat, drink and hang out. The service was great and we thought the food was excellent..Chips & Salsa great..My taco's were so good and they had all these different sauces..You know, if you're a cheapskate you might go somewhere else..but we were perfectly happy to shell out 50 bucks for lunch and drinks..it was fun and we'll be back
2 Don't waste your time or money. The food was not great and very expensive. About $4 per taco. Also, the service was terrible. But on the up side, the building is cool.
1 Tacos are overpriced and not that good. The service was horrible. My group was ignored for quite some time. Also the menu is short and there is no simple beef or chicken taco. But the building is pretty cool and very unique, unfortunately It does not make up for the food. I will not be back :(
2 The food is good however the portion sizes are extremely small.   I would pay $1.99 per taco not $3.95... the atmosphere is good but not worth the price for the portion size...  Probably will not be back any time soon with so many options for tacos in Phoenix!!!
4 Great place to eat. I loved the atmosphere as well as the fact that they buy their food locally. Props to them for keeping business local. Great twist on traditional Mexican food. I kind of loved the old church feel. I have already been telling my friends to come check it out.
4 5 stars for the atmosphere and decor & 3 stars for the tacos and appetizers  I will definitely come back for drinks/happy hour, but won't eat here again.  The service was friendly, but nothing that stood out.  This place has so much potential, so hopefully they'll step it up with the food.
2 Two stars for a nice interior and the manager offering to comp our lunch.  However, I was not looking for a free lunch.  I was excited to have an opportunity to eat lunch here as I am usually serving lunch myself.  We showed up after 12:30 and it was still a little busy.  We waited about 10 minutes for a table as I didn't feel like eating lunch at the bar, bad choice.  After 2 different people brought us water and chips our waitress finally made an appearance.  I had the taco plate with a free side and he had a steak burrito with a free side.  My meal came out pretty quick however his meal came out 7 minutes later.  My free side turned out to be ice cold rice and his free side never arrived.  It's not really a free side if you don't bring the said side.  Our food delivery and drink refills were done by other servers.  At no point did our waitress or any other server ask how our meal was or if we needed anything, isn't that server 101?!? Check on your tables.  My boyfriend had to leave and get back to work as it was taking a long time and could not foresee when our server would reappear.  When she finally decided to check on me and brought the bill she apologized for the confusion?  What confusion?!  She told us she would be our server so I expect she will be serving us, not everyone else.  She just flat out IGNORED us!  When she knew I was not pleased she got short with me.  Probably not how you should treat a displeased customer.    Whitney, dear this business is not for you and stop putting blame elsewhere.    I'm not sure I will be back for lunch.  Maybe when it cools off the patio would be a nice experience.  And the food, pretty good but not worth the bad service.  Also, the manager should be managing his staff not tending the bar at lunch time.
2 Building is pretty, an old church, but unhappy with the experience.  They were out of the only item on the menu my husband wanted to eat.  When asked about whether the Asian pork happy hour taco specials were greasy, were told no, but they are deep fried! Didn't have much taste and the pork was hard and chewy. The server said you could get the corn side for $1.50 when you ordered 3 tacos, but guess it didn't count on the happy hour tacos (which he clarified after the fact - when the bill came) Had to order 3 tacos off regular menu to get that price, so we ended up with 9, plus the 3 coffee bean braised beef.. Slow on refill of salsa, beer, and  water refills near end of meal.  Wasn't asked about a dessert.  We were celebrating a birthday and no mention. Won't be back.  Was so looking forward to it!
2 I hate to give you guys such a low score cause the food is fresh. Service was good. But I just don't like your tacos. Guess I like simpler flavors. I don't get the salsa. At first I was excited to have 4 kinds. Two kinds tasted like tabaco. The corn on the cob was interesting. I didnt love the sauces on it but I didnt enjoy the corn.  Now on the other hand if you like gastro pubs this place is cool. If you want tacos not great. If you want an adult beverage this is a very good place to hang. Sorry for the low stars. Cool bar. Not great for tacos.  Some I am sure will disagree with my review. I recommend trying for you self.
5 First of all...the place is absolutely beautiful! My husband and I have been here a few times to enjoy cocktails at the bar but never ate there until yesterday and I have to say it was DELICIOUS! Our server, John who is amazing by the way, brought us chips and salsa for starters while we browsed the menu. They have 4 different types of salsa, each are wonderful but I think the green one was my favorite, and the chips are warm and fresh.  My husband ordered the tacos, which you can mix and match, I got  the chicken burrito, and for our little one, they made a cheese quesadilla. Both plates were mind blowing good and even our daughters was tasty. If you are looking for a new place to try in Central Phoenix, give this place a go! Cannot wait to go back!
5 Excellent and UNIQUE food, paired with a beautiful space and good margaritas has quickly earned Taco Guild the title of Adrian F.'s new favorite taco joint! I especially love the housemade-to-order guac! The service can be a bit... sluggish... at times, so I wouldn't recommend this place if you're in a rush, but aside from this small blemish I give Taco Guild 5 stars all around!
4 I love this spot; it is awesome. The tacos were amazing and their homemade nachos and salsa were amazing as well. I went for my birthday lunch recently with some colleagues and I will be back for their happy hour. THey have some great drinks specials and food specials listed.   THe ambiance  of the Taco Guild is awesome as well. They converted an old historic church into an amazing bar and restaurant with some of the original stained glass and chandeliers and art.  I will be back soon!!!
