1 I had the most horrible experience at this store.  HORRIBLE!  A cell phone in today's world is literally a life or death necessary tool for us all to have.  I am from LA and had to drive to Vegas due to a serious illness in my family.  So my stress level was high - but that shouldn't matter, it just makes what happen to me even more disgusting under my current circumstances.  When I got to Vegas I realized I had not brought my car charger.  I saw this AT&T store.  I had a iPhone 4 and realized if I was going to upgrade to the IPhone 5 soon the charger I was buying wouldn't work with the newer phone - so I decided to get the 5 phone and have a good new phone for my drive back to LA.  I left feeling I had gotten a good deal but within a couple of hours the home button didn't work on the phone.  I restarted and restarted the phone hoping it would kick in.  Nothing.  After a tremendously stressful day with a dying family member and knowing I had to stay in touch with my family and get back to LA immediately the following day - I, of course, took the phone back to the store to get a new phone because this one was NOT working.  The IMMENSELY snotty girl confirmed it was broken and told me there was nothing she could do for me.  What??? "Apple won't let us take back defective phones".  Me - "But your store is the one who sold me the defective phone not 24 hours ago"????  "Yeah, sorry, you'll have to go to an Apple Store"  Of course there was no time and i drove back to LA after spending lots of Money on a new phone that did NOT work and not knowing if my brother lived or died that day.  When I got back to LA I spoke to Apple Representatives, AT&T corporate store AND another AT&T authorized dealer and they ALL said it was ridiculous they did not switch my phone for a working phone.  "They were just lazy and didn't want to help you".  Unbelievable!  I've yet to find anything officially backing up this policy they claim and the Manager, Jimmy, refused to supply me with anything saying APPLE would not allow them to take back the phone.  DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE!!!  Unless you want to do business with disingenuous, uncaring and unscrupulousness people!
5 I had a great time at the store, and the staff was very helpful. I come in all the time and although I know they are not a corporate store so they would not be able to do any complicated changes, they do most of everything I need which is either getting a new phone or buying accessories. High energy staff and smiling faces. I would highly recommend friends and family to this store!
1 Don't go here, you could save a lot of money and time. Most of the time they don't know what they are doing and you will have to pay extra because of that. They remind of a used car salesman trying take your money.
