5 It's not the fanciest of offices, but that's not what I'm looking for when renting a vehicle.  I'm looking for great rates and excellent customer service.  Michelle & the crew at ACE delivered on both these fronts.  This location deals primarily with passenger vans.  The online rate I secured for a Ford 8-passenger van here was the same rate most other rental agencies were charging for a subcompact vehicle.  Go figure.  The van really helped, as I had 13 people in my party all vacationing in Vegas. Vehicle worked flawlessly, allowing us to save a ton on taxi fares.  BIG TIP: Be careful entering City & resort parking garages as the recommended vertical clearance of these vans is 7 feet overhead.  It's easy to overlook this if you're not paying attention and reading the signs!  Checking out was a snap.  Office is located across the street from the McCarran Airport Car Rental Return Center, a very short walk to the shuttle busses that take you to the terminals.  You guys "Aced" it.  Great job!
1 Booked a minivan and then when we get there they say they only have huge vans. No apology whatsoever.
4 We had to get some big passenger vans for a group trip.  Looking up rental places in the area both near and away from the airport there was not many goood reviews so we just had to pick one and go with it.  They were not the nicest vans in the world but probably because they don't get the churn like rental cars where they sell them after a while.  Other then that, they were pretty pleasant and did a good job explaining the van and how to return since we had to do it afterhours.  I have only had one experience but it was a good one.
1 One of the first things to know is that they close at 10pm unlike all the other car rental places that are actually in the airport rental car building. Not a big deal. My flight got delayed and I landed at 9:45 (I called before I left and informed them of this). I called and they said there was no way they could stay a few extra minutes. That's fine, I wasn't going to make it in their hours so that's not their fault. They told me they would have my car ready at 8am and I could pick it up the next day so I took a taxi to the hotel and came back the next morning. When I arrived, they had given away my reservation because I came at 10:30am. They wanted me to thank them for giving me a "2 hour grace period" on my reservation and told me that since that had passed that my reservation was voided. Not only was this the first time that anyone told me that I had to be there by 10am but they could not have been less apologetic about not telling me that. I have learned my lesson about renting from this shady operation run out of a house across the street from where the real rental car businesses are run. Let this serve as a warning to you all.
