4 This place just opened up and I decided to check this place out last night. Omg, I absolutely loved it! This is soooo close to where I live and they practically have everything! It's pretty much like Cardenas over by the Meadows Mall and now I won't have to drive far out to get my marinated meats. I'm looking forward to trying their agua frescas! Yummy!!!
4 This is THE best La Bonita store in Las Vegas. For real. The store is very large and spacious, the aisles are a breeze to walk through. The bakery section really stands out, as does the prepared food section. It was very wise of them to set up an area to eat in store. The staff is very nice and helpful.   It was about time the west got a Mexican supermarket.
3 Nothing spectacular or out of this world. In fact, kind of sparsely stocked.  We got some of their carne and pollo asado for the grill. Pretty good marinade and decent quality meat but it's definitely not as good as the Los Compadres down the road.
5 Very clean, lots of great food! Bakery fresh rolls and goodies. Eat-in breakfast, lunch and dinner! Great food ate breakfast and lunch both were really tasty.  No parking though and always very crowded, just saying.....
2 Honestly I don't like this store one bit.  The staff is kinda iffy. Like if you steer them the wrong way they will be totally rude.   The reason why I can give them 2 stars, because they randomly, and I mean RANDOMLY have great deals on the meats. God knows that I love meat. I cant deny that.   Overall stay away on the first of the month it is like a cesspool of "food stamps" (no offense to anyone) I have been on food stamps.   What I am trying to get at here with this is.... the lines will be crazy, and the waits will be long!
3 After having this market vacant for so long, I was really excited to see La Bonita come along.   We had a Mexican themed pot luck at work yesterday, so I thought it was the perfect opportunity to check the new market out. It seemed very promising but I was a little disappointed walking in. It didn't really look very new or up to date considering it had only opened a few days prior.   I came specifically for pan dulce, so I didn't get the opportunity to check out much of their other inventory. Most of their pan dulce is 2 for a dollar and they have other specialty pastries for 75 cents each. The selection wasn't the best and I was a little disappointed by their freshness. It was clearly not made that morning and tasted a little stale. I got some anyway, because I didn't have a lot of options.   They seem to have a lot of produce and meat specials as well as a full-service food area where you can buy full meals, like other Mexican markets, so I'll definitely give them another chance, but I can't say I was blown away by my first impression.
4 Having seen this building be vacant for so long, I always thought a Mexican market would fit nicely, due in part to the melting pot of cultures the area surrounding has become. Lo and behold, what do they put in? A Mexican market!   I'd like to say my random thoughts had something to do with this place being built here...but they didn't.  Either way, it should do well here if they can keep it clean and well managed. It is pretty typical as far as these markets go, and as such, the meat counter stretches for a mile, stocked with everything from chicken feet and tripe to carne and pollo asada and all meat pieces and parts in between.  Pick a number and be prepared to yell your order when called, it is busy and noisy. They had what seemed like 2 different kinds of music playing over the loudspeaker - a club type dance beat drone and a more Mexican style salsa. Kind of annoying.  They do have the tortilleria here, producing some fine, fresh, mostly corn tortillas. A sit in food area - we didn't eat here but I will at some point (review to come)  The bakery was awesome, we picked up some rolls that were fantastic, not to mention cheap. Lots of brightly colored cookies I would never eat and more typical looking donuts. All baked fresh.  Bottom line, for me anyway, I'll come back for sure, mostly for the bakery, certain cuts of meat and some of their produce (very affordable, especially the more ethnic items)
3 This market used to be a Smith's or Albertson's...something like that. But it has turned into a La Bonita.  What's up with the decor?! It's a mixture of bland tertiary colors with a hint of pastel complimentary color. Gross.   It's newly opened so expect the staff to be somewhat confused on where certain products are.  Parking lot gets full. You're better off with a bike.
2 Really expensive for a Mexican market. This store is pretty much an American Supermarket with Mexican music playing, and some Mexican foods sprinkled here and there and a Mexican restaurant on the side. I give it 2 stars because it is big and accessible and clean.
5 thank goodness they opened a store on S. Rainbow! i love it here! the prices on fresh produce is amazing. i bought 6 watermelon in the span of 2 weeks and trust me, it does not get any better quality than La Bonita. the bakery has so many varieties. the hot bar has all kinds of freshly prepped Mexican dishes. they even have breakfast burritos before 10:30am daily. the food isles are kind of pricey. the meat/seafood dept is excellent: great selection, extremely friendly and bilingual staff, and of course, they always keep an eye on the check out line to make sure no one waits too long. this is now my favorite store (and closer to me than Cardenas)!
5 Check out their fresh fruit salads, salsas, and wide meat selection.  Loved this place from the moment I walked in. they're selection is so vast that I felt I was in El Paso, tx tasting authentic Mexican food. I really don't even know where to begin. I feel like a child who has a million things running through my head but can't say them all at once.  We headed towards the produce first, which had amazingly good prices and had a great choice of chiles, dried fruit and beans. The only part I didn't like was the dried fruit section you needed someone to help you and we stood for ten minutes with no one showing up.   Moving on, we went down an isle that had all the Mexican candies, at exceptional prices. They had the big Mexican brand cupcakes, cookies and chips. My husband was like a giddy little girl and are basket was full of junk he grew up with. I admit I through a couple items in myself, charge me guilty.  Next, we saw their meat selection. Holy cow! Come with patience to wit because there was a long line and a selection that was mind boggling. From pig feet, to brain, regular steak, to intestines. Seasoned or unseasoned, in big qualities and affordable prices. Can't wait to buy the stuff for my tamales here. E meat looked so fresh, I could tell they sell a lot of meat per day.  Walking by, on the left is a fresh salsa, drinks and fruits. Fruit salad, fresh water melon drinks, hot salsas, cactus fruit, etc etc. They had about four different sour creams, don't ask me. What the differences were but I picked one and bought it. It was creamy, milky and hella good. So fresh I could have sworn they made it that day. Sorry dallop a daisy, I've found a new sour cream.  Next I noticed they have a fresh tortilla factory, where they make them fresh, and were making them as we walked by. Corn, flour and special corn tortillas made for my favorite.. Flauntas! They're oval and made just for them.   We decided to stop at their...? Deli? Restaurant? Quick order section? Not sure what to call it but on the right we ordered the corn in the stick with mayo, butter, cheese and hot sauce. O the left we ordered flautas, rice and beans. All of the above were delcious. Muy bueno.
4 You know when you discover a place and at every turn there's something that makes  you say "Like, OMG, this place is SO COOL!!!", as you're screeching like a little girl? Yep, that just happened.  I'm from San Diego so my family and I were frequent shoppers of Seafood City and the Hispanic market on 8th street by my grandmother's apartment. Been in Vegas for 9 years now, this place is the shit.   The produce section was the first part of the store that we browsed through and the fruits and veggies aren't as big as the ones that you'd find at smiths or whole foods, nor do they have a significant organic section but if you don't give two flying pigs about either one of those things, you're going to be in heaven here! Prices are beyond reasonable and everything tickles yo taste buds!  They've got a small restaurant/eatery in the store which is worth trying and reminds me of the food court in Costco when we complete our shopping duties there, we eat!
5 I have been waiting for a Mexican market to open up in Spring Valley. It took forever to come, but as long as it came, I am happy with that.   I have to admit that it felt pretty unique to me when I surveyed and explored the store. They have a bakery section with a variety of breads and pastries that I recommend taking a visit before exploring the rest of the store. Next to the bakery, they have a little cafe area where you can order Mexican fast food staples like tortas, tacos, burritos, combination plates, etc. It might be somewhat more normal in a Mexican supermarket for them to have those things, but all of these American supermarkets don't get too creative at all.  The one thing I love about La Bonita, are their prices. The prices of their food is really cheap compared to American supermarkets. They have super sales on Wednesdays and Thursdays, so look out for those! In general, the advertised items on their weekly ads are a lot cheaper than most of the sales at American supermarkets.  Don't be freaked out that it's a store with a lot of Hispanic people in it. We live in a new day and age where we're all use to seeing different types of people in different places. Nobody really minds if you don't look like everyone else. Everyone there has a similar purpose of going there and that is to shop and buy some cheap groceries!
3 I am happy they opened this location which is close to my home so very convenient for quick stops.  I come here for their meats and produce and that is it because everything else is priced way higher than at your standard grocery store.  They have a great Panaderia/Bakery with yummy Mexican baked goods and an eatery where you can sit and eat food such as tacos, burritos, albondigas soup etc hot and fresh.  This is a fun store and I really liked their fresh pina and juices they make daily.  I just loaded up last night for $13 bucks and got all of my produce.  5 lbs jalapenos for $1 6 lbs of yellow onions $1 2 lbs of nectarines for $1 2 lbs green bell pepper $1 8 avocados for $1  I also like their meats because I make a lot of tacos, burritos, fajitas, etc and they have marinated meats which have great flavor.  Meats and produce at this store is the way to go!  The store staff will speak to you in Spanish, I thought that was odd but funny. I speak a little Spanish so is OK for me however will suck to communicate if you don't.
1 Pros * The prices on the produce is great when on sale.  Cons * some of the produce is rotton/moldy * customer service is HORIBLE.  As a non spanish speaker, trying to get help is difficult.  When I asked a produce worker to purchase some items in the box that he was stocking, he IGNORED me.  Way to go La Bonita.
4 I am not sure who writes reviews here but come on, it is cheap to buy fruits and veggies. Even some of the meats are priced well. Also it is a good place to buy alcohol when things are on sale. Their pastry is cheap and tasty. I am not sure how they got $$$ for this place, things are cheaper than most places. And yes people don't speak English, but cashiers usually do. BTW this is an ethnic grocery store so get use to it. Overall, I am very happy they opened up. There are some gross sights such a pig snot in the meat section
4 This is a very nice supermarket. Great prices and incredibly well organized and spacious supermarket. I have been looking for a "Mexican" supermarket on this side of town, and I'm glad to say that this one is it! I will be visiting this place often.
4 This Mexican supermarket is becoming one of my favorite supermarkets.  It's clean, spacious and has a good selection of cheap fruit and vegetables.  Although their parking lot gets quite full at certain times of the day, this is still a fun place to shop.  Their bakery section is awesome and has a good variety of fresh rolls, buns, and cookies.  I haven't tried the fast food section, but judging by their constant stream of customer eating there, it must be quite good.  Have to try it next time.
4 great food at their food bar, ready to serve to eat there or to go.  Prices are decent and its on a great SW Vegas location.  I've had the Carnitas torta ( pulled pork sandwich)  and the pork chunks with nopales ( cactus ears sliced julienne style)  in green salsa with your standard beans and red rice.  The food is great!  Then the store itself is well stocked with the basic kitchen must have.
5 i love everything here!!! i tried the hot lunch area, so good! can't wait to go back
4 I stopped into la Bonita the other day. I've been here a lot, as its right around the corner from my house.  When I walked in, I noticed the delicious smell of freshly baked bread. SO good!! ;)  I like shopping here, because the prices are SO low.  I walked out with a pound of chicken breast, 2 big bunches of kale, a bunch of napa cabbage, a container of sour cream, some green onions, a pound of regular onions, and celery for under $14.   The most expensive item was the napa cabbage.   I'll be back for sure.  I love getting their freshly made pico too!
4 Low prices. Lots of variety. Bakery. Take-out restaurant. What's not to like?  My knowledge of Spanish is very, very limited, but I can easily get everything I need at this supermarket. The selection of meat is great for making numerous Mexican dishes. I especially love the adobada de cerdo.  Once I get my grocery shopping done, I enjoy getting a burrito or several tacos from the restaurant. They are both inexpensive and tasty.  If you're worried about the origin of some of the items, the country of origin is stated on the majority of the items and all of the meat. For some reason, people like to think that all of the meat is imported from Mexico, but the majority is actually from the USA (check the labels).  Whether you're shopping for regular groceries or planning a fiesta, I recommend this place.
5 We do not speak Spanish and yet feel totally comfortable at this store as the staff are always friendly and helpful.  They have really decent prices, fresh produce, great pico de gallo and it's a really fun environment, especially on the weekends as they have music going!  The meat counter has a lot of the specialty meats too that are hard to find at your 'big box' grocery stores.
5 So I was looking for a Hispanic grocery store (was hoping for Puerto Rican or Cuban) when I stumbled across La Bonita and decided to give it a try. I am beyond impressed. I bought some shrimp ceviche and picked up a cup of strawberries and cream amongst other things. I'm officially in love. The staff was extremely helpful with directing me and answering my questions. I would drive the 20 plus minutes to get there again...
4 I don't know why it took me 13 years of living in Las Vegas to wander into La Bonita. I started patronizing the location on Desert Inn and Eastern.  My Spanish language skills are almost non existent, but I needn't have worried. The staff I find are quite helpful.  I gave my meat order to one of the butchers in very broken Spanish.  He smiled politely and repeated it back to me in English to confirm.  I must admit I had some trepidation trying some unfamiliar items, but I have been pleased every time I have tried something new.  Normally, I like to cook from scratch, but after a long day at work it is so nice to pick up a pound or two of their marinated beef, chicken or pork and just whack it onto the grill when I get home.  I found the savings on produce tend to be significant compared to the major grocery chains like Von's, Albertson's and Smith's.  Although some of the produce doesn't show as nicely  it is easy enough to pick and choose what you like.
4 Ok so this would be your best place to go for inexpensive fruits, vegetables and meats. The quality of the food items you buy are high. There arent preservatives added so beware that the meat items must be used or frozen much sooner than what youre used to...but do you really think preservatives are good for you??. The store is their newest and is consistently busy.  Note: go to the prepared food counter and ask for Chicharon youll love it
4 Nice, closer mexican market to where i live. Took over the building where larger american chains had failed to keep up (albertsons/lucky's).   Fairly clean and pretty busy ! Food court to the left as well as a bakery. Pretty good deals all around.   Great place to get eggs ! Often see deals like $5 for 2 "palettes" of eggs. And they are pretty big too ! Good deals on veggies and fruits too ! Almost a must-go-to-place for groceries now :D   Food court started cleaning up around 8pm (even though market closes at 11)
4 Great prices on meat, the overall selection lacks, but the staff is friendly and they have a large selection of prepared foods.  The produce usually has some really good deals, doesn't hurt to be able to speak a little spanish, go here for your meat, really good prices.
