5 Elaine is the best! I've been going to her for ten years now. My nails never break or lift and I never have to get a full set! Amazing!!! She also gives the best pedicures!!!
5 Soooo....like i said before Elaine has been doing my nails for years and im so happy she can have her own gig now. See the thing i love about her is that she is detail oriented and takes pride in her work. Like myself regardless of customer, money or any circumstance she knows that when you leave her name is on your hands and feet!!! SO THEY HAVE TO LOOK THE BEST!  I have been to many people in las vegas when i first moved here and the fact that i kept the same set of nails for almost three years with her is impressive(they wouldve lasted longer if it werent for my own personal negligence AND i groom dogs all day).   When you walk in this salon everything is clean and sanitary and as other salons say theyre are sanitary Elaines shop ensures it by having you make a small one time investment of $2-$5 for a mani/pedi set for you to bring everytime so that no body elses nasties are on you. GENIOUS RIGHT!!!  So everytime i go i have alittle bag that i convienently keep in my glove box full of my own personal tools that are only used on me. I feel confident in Elaine and her staff,  she oversees everything to ensure everyone is happy!! Im telling you These are the best of the best. You might think ya right my nail lady is great but its because you settled for ok and dont realize it ...So try something new and see how you get the best and probably for the same price! They are convienently located in side the Epiphany salon on durango just past peace way on the right. YOU WONT BE SORRY!!!! and she recently moved view the other site for more photos!!!
5 What a wonderful, relaxing place to be. I am a long time client of Elaine's. She has created a great atmosphere you will want  to return to. Congratulations Elaine!
5 Elaine's nails and reflexology...just got my pedi today and Elaine's new shop is beautiful....my feet was doing the happy dance this morning.  Her new shop is absolutely awesome!  I was in awe the whole time I was there, new comfy chairs with a massage from head to but....I loved loved loved it!    I would like to invite you all to visit Elaine's shop.
5 Elaine is great! Elaine is personable and funny and you always feel welcome in her shop.   She has been doing my nails for over 5 years and I have never had a problem.  I am always getting compliments on my nails by others.  The new shop is amazing.  I wish you all the best Elaine.
5 Her new salon is amazing!!! Check out her pictures...everything is so clean as always..I would suggest for now in the beginning to call in advance for early am appts. I'm sure as a new business its gotta be hard running 24hrs with out 24 hrs of consistent business! But Elaine is amazing and will accommodate I'm sure!!!  Lets help get her there she deserves it and we deserve the best service for our money which she delivers every time. I still stand by my five stars Elaine is amazing and know that even if Elaine cannot be the one to do your nails have faith in her judgement of employees she has high standards! AND.....while your there try the new mood changing gels holy cow im easily amused and I love my nails they are sooooo fun! Shes always up to date with all the new cool styles!
5 I love her new salon! She def deserves it for how hard she works. I have been going to her for 2 to 3 years now and am always satisfied w/ her service. I am rough w/ my nails so I am picky on who does them. I never once had a problem w/ them lifting or falling off when done by her.  Once you go to her you will see what I mean, you won't go anywhere else.
5 This is my review after visiting Elaine's Nails for the first time:  I wanted to get my nails done for the first time in 8 years after losing my previous nail technician after being with her for 9 years. I was really looking for someone that I could go to for years to come, someone that would know what I liked and could trust that they would do the job well each and every time. Elaine is exactly that person. I loved that she asked me questions to find out what I liked and what I wanted. She make me feel really comfortable with her work. Even though I just called her out of the blue for an appointment for my mother-in-law and myself, as soon as I walked in, she said "Hello" to me by name. My mother-in-law absolutely loved her manicure and pedicure. Plus, she fit us in her schedule, as well as two more of my family members who wanted to be fit in that day while we were at our appointments, even though she isn't typically open on Sundays. Yeah, it might me seen as an opportunity to earn a little more money, but servicing our needs took away from her family on a day she really didn't plan to work as late as she did. So, I really appreciated her dedication and professionalism in meeting our needs, despite previous obligations that were made. Elaine is absolutely the best, as far as I'm concerned. My total reason for selecting her as my first nail technician in Las Vegas was due solely to her positive reviews of Yelp. And, I have to say that she definitely lives up to those positive reviews.  Today:  She is just as wonderful as the first day that I visited her. I love the new chairs and atmosphere at the new location. My husband now goes with me EACH AND EVERY TIME. He can't get enough of Elaine's great pedicures.
5 I like many others have a difficult schedule, and am only able to do things, like get my nails done at night. I yelped 24hr nail salons and Elaines popped up first. I read the reviews and decided to try it out. Let me say, one of the best pedicures Ive had in a while. She only takes appointments after 8pm but when i walked in at about 1030pm she was more than happy to give me service. She was so friendly and it was nice because since I was the only customer at the time I felt she really was able to take her time. It was $25 but worth every cent. She exfoliated my legs as well as scrubbed my feet with the pumas bar and the grater. Massaged my legs with lotion after everything was said and done. AWESOME AWESOME service. Only going there from now on for my pedicures.
5 Elaine's Nails is an amazing salon! Everything is new and clean and state of the art. All the nail technicians do an excellent job! I am very particular with my nails so I will always come here because I know I can expect only the best. I get gels and there are a ton of colors available including temperature changing colors! Everyone is so friendly and they make you feel right at home.
5 Elaine is by far the best!! Thanks for being great for 5 years and counting!! See you in 2 weeks!!
5 Best nail salon in Vegas!  Elaine is exstreamly knowledgeable, experienced and professional. The salon is so clean, open and relaxing. l love this place! The work is phenomenal and always consistent well worth every penny and more. Thanks! We need a local salon to count on.
5 $25 for full set acrylic $15 for acrylic fills $40 for French acrylic (I think) $30 for French fill $18 for pink fill  Elaine is AMAZING. Her new place is super clean and comfortable. She is super friendly, super sweet, and just all around awesome.   Appointments tend to be 1-2 days out depending on what day and time so I would highly recommend calling a head to see what her schedule is like.  Fan for life.
5 Usually I jump around from different nail salons because I could never find anyone that I did what I considered to be a good enough job. I had given up and just figured that I was asking for too much and would never find the person I was looking for. That all changed when I found Elaine.  Looking for a new salon on yelp I came across Elaine. I read the good reviews and figured I would give her a try. Well I am certainly happy I did. Elaine is truly a protectionist. She does a great job every time. I have definitely found a nail salon and would never consider going to anyone else but Elaine.  Her place is very clean and I love the fact that she gives you your own nail bag to keep and use when you come in.  I don't know what I did before finding Elaine.  I would recommend her to anyone who is as picky about their nails as I am.
5 Wonderful experience the other night.. yes 8 p.m. because they are opened till 10 pm.  had a fabulous spa pedicure by Cathy and Gel Mani by Elaine. They are good at what they do and also very nice. I will be going back for sure...
5 When I visited my daughter in over July 4th this year we decided to reward ourselves and get a mani-pedi.  We looked at Yelp and saw the great reviews that Elaine's shop was receiving so we made an appointment has paid a visit.  This place was excellent!!! I am already planning to go there in the winter when I visit over Christmas.   I would recommend this place to everyone.  Elaine and her staff are friendly, helpful, and entertaining.  They offered a free cup of coffee (many flavors) which made it even better for me.  They are great!!!
5 Great pedicure & well ventilated.  Love!
5 My boss always comes here to get her nails done and she told me I HAVE to come here, I'm so glad I did! I didn't know what I wanted, I just knew I wanted a full set with gel color and I wanted somethin with black and white so elaine thought somethin up and did it, my nails look amazing! I will deffinately be coming back! :)
5 Clean. Open late ! Detail oriented, reasonably priced ... It's a really great place and has only been open for 3 months ... Support this place and help it succeed because it is deserving ...
5 Love the customer service and love the fact how late they stay open. This is my new spot :)
5 Elaine is beyond amazing! She's quick and always meets perfection. I have tried others and no one compares. I adore her and always want to come back for more!
5 I LOVE Elaine. I have been going to her for almost 9 years and she is the greatest. She works so hard and the quality of her pedicures and manicures prove it. Her new place is so beautiful and clean and she's open until 11 pm! It's perfect for people with crazy shifts. I will always go to Elaine! Highly recommend!
5 This place is awesome. The place is very clean, comfortable and classy, the women are very attentive to detail and even ask you if you'd like anything to drink (tea, coffee or water) and they are all just really lovely. I got a gel manicure for the first time and I absolutely love it. I can't stop staring at how perfect my nails are. I also got a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed, which again for me was all perfectly done. She accepts walk ins, but I had called in asking if she had any open spots two hours prior to the appointment I ended up making. They are very accommodating. And yes, they are open till 11PM!
5 I am so happy I found Elaine. Not only is she funny as hell and keeps you entertained but she is amazing at what she does.  She listens to exactly what you want and how you want it done. I get acrylics done very thin and natural and they grow out beautifully. The most amazing part is they never lift and stay strong until my next fill.  Her salon is brand new, clean and comfy and open late. You also have the option to buy your own files and buffers for 2$ that you bring w you. All her tools and equipment are always super clean and autoclaved. She also has a grand piano that auto plays classical music, which is just another nice touch of Elaine's. I won't be going anywhere else! Don't ever leave me Elaine!!
5 my manager sent me home early to get my nails done because corporate was coming in the next day, (yes, a 'devil wears prada' moment) and i was rushing to make it to my usual spot - lovely nails, because they close at 7pm. (i got off at 6pm) sitting through the las vegas strip traffic, i realized i wasn't going to make it and started yelping and praying for a nail salon that opened late and came across elaine's nails. what a LIFE SAVER.  this place is on durango and a little farther from my house than lovely nails but i am SO GLAD i decided to give this place a try. from the moment i walked in i felt welcomed, keep in mind this was around 830pm on a tuesday night and i honestly didn't know what kind of crowd to expect. besides me, there were two other customers in the store. i was immediately seated by annie, who turned out to be my manicurist and i absolutely ADORE her. she is so sweet and genuine and she did an amazing job on my gel nails. she was super quick and precise, and i honestly had a great time talking to her. my gel nails only cost me $35 and i am more than satisfied. elaine, the owner came by and greeted me as well, it's nice to know the owner cares about each individual customer and that they are being treated well.  i love the decor of this nail salon, it's big and spacious, clean and comfortable. the salon closes at 11pm (amazing!) and i will definitely be going back again. i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great service and amazing quality!
5 grace is wonderful! the best cutest french tips i have ever had! light pink with white tips.  it's just perfect!  i loved her work and loved talking to her! could not stop laughing.  she didn't rush and really took her time.  felt really pampered.  she did such an amazing job.  price is amazing! place is amazing! super clean. not crowded. i was served immediately. love it! will come back soon!
5 My favorite nail salon so far in vegas and I've been to at least 10. Really nice and clean and spacious. Massage chairs are bomb. My pedicure was excellent and she gave a good massage and got the knots out of my feet. I love my hands too. Really reasonably priced! Pedicure, fill, and brow and lip wax for 70$ total. Will return.
4 Elaine's Nails provides friendly and good service and has a nice selection of nail polish colors. My favorite thing are their hours. I love how I can go after work without rushing before they close or on the weekend at night!
5 I was in vegas for business in adult entertainment...we always have to look our best, I rode a mechanical bull for 1 min 30 secs and 2 of my nails broke and one riped my own nail. I called Elaine's, the lady on the phone was expressly polite and said I can come in at anytime. I loved her work she also did my pedi. If your in vegas make your way to Elaines. It's clean, they have polite and english speaking staff, its sanitary, their efficient, and they make you feel like your in LaLa land with their hands. The decor has a tranquil feel..I felt like I was back at the beach.
5 I absolutely LOVE Elaine's Nails! She has done wonders with my nails and is great at what she does. Her whole staff are amazing  and the way they treat their customers is first class! I took my elderly mother for a mani/pedi.....she has onset Alzheimer's and it is often difficult for her to get around and people need to be patient with her.......well Elaine and her staff treated her like she was their mother. They showed her such total kindness and sweetness that made the experience so great for her. In fact, when we were leaving, she wanted to know how soon we could come back :). Thank you for taking such good care of her!
5 Elaine and her staff are so friendly here! I am bringing everyone I can. They take their time, are friendly throughout your visit, and don't skimp out on the massages. Lots of colors to choose from, or you can bring your own colors and tools. There is no judgement (unlike most nail places) and no hassles (also unlike most nail places). So glad I am walking distance :) You guys are top notch.
5 Elaine's nails is the best!  Excellent service and good quality always
5 Great salon.  Awesome customer service.  Quick.  Perfect nails.  Mani/Pedi only $35.
5 I've been to Elaine's nails twice now and plan on going back every time I need a fill. The staff are so friendly and outgoing. Not only do they make you feel welcomed they get to know you and take their time on your nails which is very important to me. I will def be recommending Elaine's Nails to all my friends and coworkers.
5 ahhhh finally my style of nail salon! sometimes it takes like 30 bad experiences to find one good one! well I walked in and there was only one lady doing nails, so she asked if I could come back at 10:30, so I said I'd try. then she called her other manicurist and said she'll be here in 10 mins. she said help yourself to some coffee, but there was much more to choose from. the place is nice an clean (A++++++ to me, very important)! so then I brewed me a fresh cup of coffee with the Keurig machine, I want one of those so bad! ok back to my review now.....   Annie arrived for me and started on me right away. They also have another location, yeah! Anyway they are open until 11:00 pm since when? you never usually find that in Vegas. You have to call after 7:00 pm to come in late.  I told her exactly what I wanted and we were off.... everything went well and I was very satisfied.   I will return for sure!
5 I love coming here. I came here on a whim a month ago because she was the only shop that was open late and I have been going back since.  Elanie is wonderful and her staff do a great job.  It is a great environment, they are all so welcoming.  She is very professional and is willing to go above and beyond.  She ensures through each step that it is what i want and i am never disappointed.  She knows exactly what I want and is very entertaining, makes the trip there worth it and a total joy.  I am a loyal customer now, will be going back and recommending her to friends.
5 I am so happy after 8 months of living on the west side of town, I have finally found my go to nail salon! I have gone to countless nail salons only to be disappointed countless times :( After paying $55 on a set that started lifting and looked like I needed a fill 5 days later, I decided to search thoroughly on yelp for someone great in my area. It was Sunday and after 6pm so I figured Id be planning to get them done the following day. Then I found Elaine! Nothing but great reviews and then I noticed she didn't close to nearly 10pm Sunday and 11pm every other day! They did such a great job on my nails and feet. I was rubbed down for a nice amount of time for my pedicure and even had a nice hand massage :) The price was so reasonable. The salon is so spacious and has such nice décor. I feel like I am getting pampered on some exotic Island. The only thing is I had a miscommunication about adding sparkles to my color changing gel polish. It was no big deal though, since I adored how the color looked without glitter. I cant wait to go back for my fills in two weeks. If your looking for a nail salon on the west side or even one that's open late I recommend you head down to Elaine's ASAP!
5 Does my review really make a difference?  I've been to numerous nail salons in vegas, cheap to expensive ones, this is by far the best one. I had called to confirm when they close because of other yelp tips stating they stop taking people after 9:30. I was told 11 pm, and if I could just walk-in instead of making an appointment. I went in around 6:45 pm, Elaine told me it's about a 30 minute wait, so while I waited I went to look at the color selection. They did not have as much as I had expected from the yelp reviews or tips.  Annie did my nails, she is such a sweet and gentle woman, she did not get frustrated with me, which surprised me because I tend to tense up when the nail machines are in use because I've been cut several times in other places. I got round acrylic nails with a bow, she made sure I liked the length and how I liked my nail shape. She took her time going through my nails, she spent about 20 to 30 minutes just filing and smoothing my acrylics. I noticed there was two other customers waiting, but all the ladies did not rush with their current clients, which I really liked. After she was done painting my nails and gluing on the bow, she advised me to wait another 10 minutes just to let it FULLY dry. She really did care about how I like my nails and if I needed to modify it. As I was waiting for my nails to dry, the owner, Elaine came by and spoke to me about my experience, which shows she truly cares about her customers. In total my nails were about $40 plus the tip, not bad for great nails and service, and spent about an hr and 30 minutes there.
4 The shop was clean and spacious decent color selection price was the same as most in the valley for gel ... I am giving my nails a break and was skipping gels this time but the lady kept asking me if I wanted it one No should be enough in my opinion.. will I be back maybe but I might try out some other shops first
5 Hands down the very best!  Elaine and her staff are awesome.  Beautiful and tranquil salon!
5 I've been going to Elaine for many years.  I am from Huntington Beach, CA. and I've done the move to Vegas a couple of times.  Even if I lived in So. Cal I would still drive back here to have Elaine do my nails.  My nails do not look thick and bulky because she takes her time and does it right.  I am very particular when it comes to my hair, nails, and toes and no one compares to Elaine.  She does the best pedicure and takes the time to dig out the ingrown nails out.  No one has ever taken the time to do that.  I always get compliments on my nails and toes because they always look perfect  thanks to Elaine!  I have referred people to Elaine and they have all been very satisfied!
2 They are open late which is awesome! This wasn't the best nail job I've had but it wasn't the worst.   Pro's: Full set took 40 minutes so if you're in a hurry this works for you! Clean, relaxing atmosphere Super nice staff Whatever top coat was used dried super fast Inexpensive - $25 for full set   Con's: Did not trim my cuticles Did not file the tips down to my finger size so I had to re-file when I got home Some are thicker than others, some are thick on one side and thin on the other My nails started popping off after 2 weeks  I will not come back due to the quality. I suggest only going here if you waited too late and everything else is closed.
5 Only $35 to get a simple manicure and pedicure? Why not?! I rarely get my nails done but going to this place makes me want to go often. Everyone is so nice including the person attending me which is Grace and they are always looking out for you to make sure you are comfortable. Cannot wait to go again [:
5 Open late, seven days a week and pedicure prices are in line with Las Vegas pricing.  Atmosphere is party like with big open space and good music playing. Had May who provided excellent service and threw in light reflexology rub. Sign says nails and reflexology and they are expanding to accommodate reflexology service although it is now available in the massage foot bath chairs. Since I can go in till 11 p.m. This is my new spot for pedicures.
5 Since I am new to the Spring Valley area and want to establish a nail salon, I thought I would give Elaine's Nails & Reflexology a shot. I  so happy to have given this place a shot because this place is amazing!! All of the staff members are friendly and courteous! A lovely lady by the name of Annie was my nail tech and I was so nice to have met her!! Annie is not only kind but she is very talented!! I will defiantly be coming back to see Annie and strongly recommend her!!
5 I do not know what I would do without this place! I love the attention they give you and how nice they are to my mom. My nails are beautiful and they are open late which is wonderful for me. Thank you everyone at Elaine's!
5 Decided to give Elaine's a try after reading all of the great Yelp reviews and glad I did!  I've had some bad experience with other nail salons (I won't call them out by name) and wanted to try a place that others had given high ratings in customer service and quality.  Elaine's is just that.  The staff was very friendly and I had no wait.  I got a mani/pedi and had them both done at the same time by two staff members which made my visit quick and efficient.  The prices are not overly expensive either.  I would highly recommend it and will be coming back.
5 This place is awesome. Great customer service and very friendly. Open late and clean.
5 My full set with gel cost $50, however they did a fabulous job! Way better than any salons I've been to in Southern California! I showed her a picture of what I wanted, and she replicated it perfectly.   I will be visiting this salon again! The staff were friendly, accommodating, and I'm very satisfied with my service!
5 I moved to Vegas 6 months ago, and was having a hard time finding somewhere good to do my nails. (acrylic) I found a place, but then there was a change in management. I was back searching for someone to do my nails. I came across Elaine's Nails, and decided to give it a try based on the great reviews. I'm glad I did. I was extremely happy with the way Elaine did my nails. She was nice, and understanding to me not liking the drills. I have no complaints and would highly recommend coming here if you are as picky about your nails as I am. I'm glad I now have one less thing to stress about. =)
5 First time here with my mom and we absolutely love this place! They stay open late and their hospitality is incredible! There in the middle of remodeling I can't wait to see how it turns out
5 Aside from the esthetics, I loved this place! They didn't seem to mind my hairy legs :) a BIG plus! These lovely ladies know how to make conversation. Also they rock music like you're living the night life. I will definitely come back to this place when I'm back in town. :)
5 I had such a great time getting a pedicure here! The ladies are all wonderful and so friendly! They actually take time to talk to you! My nails turned out beautifully and I'll be returning  for sure!
5 I have waited too long to tell Las Vegas how wonderful and competent Elaine of Elaine's nails is. She is the most professional and quick nail technician I have ever had and I tell everyone about her. I live quite a ways from her shop, but it is worth the one hour drive.   My nails are always perfect and never give me any problems.I see her every three weeks because of the distance. I especially enjoy the "Coffee Bar" she provides for her clients. What a special touch and very appreciated. Elaine is quick, professional and funny. She always greets me when i come in the door and instantly feel welcome. There is nowhere else I would go for my fills. Elaine's Nails is, by far, no contest, hands down, the best nail shop in all of Las Vegas. Thank you Elaine, I am soooo glad I found you. Happy New Year my friend.  Sally R.
2 I'm in town on vacation and needed a fill. I chose this salon because of the stellar reviews. It was a clean and nice place. I had an appointment for 4:00 and wasn't seen until 4:30. Vivian did my nails and did a mediocre job. She cut my square nails and chipped one of the corners and filed another area that left a big chunk missing out of the middle of it.  When she applied the acrylic, she did not fix the two different areas. After she finished the acrylic, I had to ask her to fix those two very obvious mistakes. On the chipped nail, instead of fixing the corner, she filed the nail down until she began filing the end of my thumb. When I mentioned that, she said, "Well, it will grow back". The place was nice, but I would never let her touch my nails again.
5 I have been with Elaine for over 5 years.  She is the best.  Nails never brake or lift.  My husband also goes for pedicures.  We are very pleased.  Love the new salon.  Donna and Jack
5 If you want and demand quality, this is the place.... I work everyday with my hands in a high volume, fine dining kitchen on the strip, my nails hold up in the harshest of conditions. The reason I go every other week is because my nails tend to grow out fast and my preference tends to be darker colors. Elaine is magical, she suggests great color combinations, and has really mastered my fills and gel application... her eye is perfect regarding symmetry. I look forward to my twice a month visits, as she is alway is good sprits and treats all her clients like gold. What more can I say...it's done right, every single time. 2014 looks promising, and my nails look even better! Thanks Elaine.
5 This place has to be the best nail salon I have ever been to. In dire need of new nails since I was going out that night, I found Elaine's nails on Yelp, where I was pleased to find that they were open till 11 pm, which is unheard of for other nail salons. That is already a 5-star in my book, where late people, like myself, can get my nails done past 7. I called about 7:45 pm, to see if I can walk-in at about 8:30 pm and Elaine answered right away, saying that she'll put my name down in the book.   It's a hard place to find if it's your first time so I got there about 8:15 pm. Elaine sat me down right away and one of her assistants proceeded to take off my previous manicure. There were about 4 people ahead of me, so I still waited about 20 minutes before Elaine finally got to me but I was kept company by Elaine's daughter (I'm going to assume), who helped me pick out colors, & the time went by really fast!  When it was my turn, Elaine came over right away and immediately started talking to me, keeping the conversation going the whole time she was doing my nails, which was a nice change from the usual silent manicurists. I had found a picture on Yelp of the type of nails I wanted and Elaine copied them perfectly to a T. I couldnt be happier! The whole process only took about 20-25 minutes and cost me $40 but it is unbelievably worth it. She catered to my nails like they were royalty and I will DEFINITELY be coming back again!
5 Ok here I am again.....on really short notice and I was taken care of immediately!  So happy that this place is open late. Thank you Elaine and Vivian for all of the great customer service and nail artistry.
5 Elaine is the best.. Ever!  She provides quality work that you will love time & time again.  She expects the same out of her employees so I'm sure you won't be disappointed ( and for the few that didn't like their nails done by another tech, I bet if you asked Elaine she would do whatever she could to fix it ) and do we even need to mention how beautiful & relaxing her shop is!?   Loyal customer for 4 years and counting... Wish I would've found her sooner!
5 I am a bad girl....just got my pedi/mani and did not post my visit....but as always Elaine nailed to the T, my feet looks fab and my manicure was screamin'!!!  I love Elaine, she is a dream come true, my feet and nails are beautiful.  She is always available when I need her.  I am an earlybird like to get right in and out, but when ever I call I can get a same day appointment if I need it.   If you haven't visited Elaine's Nails you are missing out on the best pedi/mani in Las Vegas.   I live in N. Las Vegas and will follow Elaine anywhere.
5 Came in with my fiancé to have a relaxing day of pedicure (no polish for him of course) after seeing this place on yelp.  Very nice looking atmosphere and were helped out immediately. Friendly service and as much as I generally don't enjoy manicurists that talk so much we really enjoyed the time there. I also got my usual gel manicure. She stayed patient with my indecisiveness and I ended up with just a clear coat since I have had that in mind already.  My fiancé also enjoyed his stay. Out total was 85 for our pedis and my mani. Would definitely come back especially that summer is right around the corner. Thanks guys!
2 I have to agree with a previous reviewer, Ferell W.  I went to Elaine's Nails based on the Yelp reviews and bc my regular nail salon is closed on Sunday & Monday. Elaine's Nails was convenient bc they have late hours and are open every day. I called and made an appointment with Elaine. I called on the day of my appointment to tell her I needed to push it back to later, and Elaine told me that it wasn't a problem. However, when I got there, it was a different story.   Pro's: - Able to accommodate time change over the phone - Clean, relaxing atmosphere - Pleasant owner  - Extended hours of operation (late hours and open every day)   Con's: - Hard to find, in an empty strip mall - The 2 staff who worked on me hardly spoke English, so it was hard to communicate with them what I wanted.  - Elaine was supposed to work on me, but since she was working on someone else, she had another tech do my pedicure and another one do my fills and gel manicure - Apparently Elaine had to call in someone to do my fills b/c the nail tech who did my pedicure didn't do fills, so Elaine called someone in who was supposed to have the day off. Meanwhile, I had to wait 15-20 minutes before this other nail tech showed up. That nail tech was not happy to have to come in on her day off.  - I wanted to a gel pedicure, but was told it was too expensive (how do they know what I can afford)? I have a feeling that she didn't want to do it because of the amount of time it would take.  - I also wanted to do a full set instead of fills, but the nail tech didn't think I needed them. She was actually discouraging me from spending money bc she didn't want to take the time to do them. - There were a few sharp edges that I pointed out to her to smooth out, which seemed to annoy her. One of my nails chipped after only 2 days!!   I will not come back due to the bad quality, bad service and bad attitude that I got. I  suggest only going here if you waited too late and everything else is closed. It wasn't the absolute worst manicure I've ever gotten, however, the service was definitely lacking and the scheduling/staffing was overbooked.
5 I just moved back to Vegas after fifteen years and I desperately needed a fill and a salon that I could call my own. I am a very loyal customer and don't mind paying extra for a good service and for nails that are high quality. At first, I was lost in a sea of nail salons, one in every shopping center and had no idea where to start. I tried a nail salon that was close to my house thinking that maybe I would get lucky. However, I was not in luck and ended up getting a pretty bad fill at a salon that was downright filthy. So I turned to Yelp and found Elaine's Nails. With all of the many positive reviews I thought for sure that I would not be able to get an appointment for weeks. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I called and found out I would be able to be seen the following day! The day of my appointment I did struggle to find the place because it is not on my side of town. But as I mentioned before, I have no problem driving out of my way for a good nail salon. I was so worried when I got lost and ended up being ten minutes late for my appointment. However, Elaine was more than understanding and greeted me with a smile regardless. While she worked she asked me questions about my preference and style making sure she knew what kind of nails I wanted. She explained to me that it was important to her that she knew how I liked my nails to look so I was happy. In a very short amount of time later, my nails looked better than ever and exactly how I wanted them. Since then I have only had positive experiences at the salon. I usually have Elaine do my nails but very recently I was late for my appointment and had a different nail tech --and she was equally amazing ! So I would tell future patrons to not shy away from the other nail techs at the salon; Elaine has high standards for herself and the people she hires. I can definitely say that I will be a customer for life
5 Best place for men or women. My friends and I get a manicure and pedicure from Elaine's about every 1.5-3 weeks, and it's a great experience every time. Granted I only get buff, but Elaine and her staff are always giving it 100% and make the trip awesome. ALWAYS call and make an appointment because this place Is busy for the obvious reasons....don't just walk in and expect to get in a chair right away. Be nice and the staff will treat you great. Be rude and expect the same thing (as it should be). I recommend this place all the way.
5 Ok....I walked in tonight and this place was jumping. I did not call ahead and when I arrived I was greeted so warmly and not turned away.... I was informed that it would be an hour before they could get me in and asked if that would be okay.....of course! I would wait hours to be taken care of at Elaine's Nails. I just can't say enough good things about Elaine and her staff.
1 Open till 11 pm? came at 9:30 they couldn't do my acrylic fill because two people were in front of me?! 'We don't have any openings, sorry' Are you kidding?
4 I love that this place is open late. Pretty good pedicures, great prices. Elaine is always there with smiles and jokes.
5 All the ladies that work here are super sweet! The place is very clean - they clean the pedicure basins very thoroughly. I always make an appt and get serviced right away. I love this place!!
5 My favorite nail salon! Elaine & Grace are the best! Open late, always work well with my schedule. Very large color selection & extremely clean and friendly. I recommend everyone here!!
5 I love everything about this place I never leave unhappy..  Elaine & Grace are amazing. ..
5 I have been going to Elaine for many years (before she had her own salon), and when she told me that she opened her own salon I was beyond ecstatic! Not only is her spa beautiful, it's conveniently open late, very relaxing, and Elaine and her staff are the best.   Elaine pays attention to detail and will not let you leave her salon without your nails looking like pure PERFECTION. She will go above and beyond to make you happy and give you what you want. I still can't believe how perfect and beautiful my nails always look in the amount of time she does them. I have never been disappointed, and I will never go to anyone else. Elaine is always high in demand, so I recommend calling ahead of time, but usually she will find a way to fit you in as soon as she can.  Elaine is the best!!
5 Had another wonderful experience at Elaine's Nails done by Mai.  This place sets themselves apart from other nail salons around the area by opening late even on Sundays.  Another plus for the locals is that it's a big place with many services readily available. The second half of the salon is currently under construction to expand for more nail services. I think this would be a great place to have a bachelorette spa day party. And I know Elaine, the passionate owner would provide a memorable experience that will be above and beyond great expectation.    Thanks again Mai!!
5 I really like Elaine's, and mainly because its so clean. Its also nicely done, very contemporary but with lots of wood. The workstations are well-kept, no clutter or debris. I've been in nail salons that were virtual petri dishes for germs and bacteria. Not so at Elaine's. She even uses what I think may be an autoclave to sanitize the tools. My favorite nail tech is Mai. She's always been friendly, upbeat and skilled. i even let her pick colors for my nails and we do a chevron design in two colors...we call them "happy nails" and I always leave there smiling. I highly recommend this salon and won't go anywhere else!  See you next week, Mai! i need my happy nails!
5 I love going to Elaine's! It is a great place. The people are nice and friendly. I always feel welcome and like I am around fiends! The place is clean and calming.
5 Elaine did such an amazing job on my nails! The salon is very clean and everyone is super sweet! I will definitely be coming back!
4 Love it...!! Eline's always taking care of me. I love it that you can come for a broken nail and they will charge you pennies for a beautiful job! I refill my nails every three weeks and the shine lasts for almost the whole period.
2 I gave this place a few tries because i really wanted to like it. I have been trying to find a place in Vegas for a good pedicure since i moved from L.A. The people here are really nice and its clean, but even after i explained to Elaine that i am picky with my pedi and would give them one last chance to keep my biz so could she please give me her best pedi tech. She said no prob ill take care of it. I asked for appt at 4 she said 415 is better i got there at 415 and she said she took someone else because she didnt think i was gonna show up..???? um why not? because you said 4 she says...um ya but you said 415 was better...ok so she said someone could take me in 10 mins. I said ok but i have an appt at 5 so thats gonna make me late...she said no prob 20 mins youll be done...smh. 20 mins for a 25 pedi? really? well thats just what i got another sloppy (and rushed) pedi . So im done. All the good reviews are for gel nails but i just need a good PEDI!!!!!!!!!!!
5 I moved to Vegas a year ago and have been going to Elaine since. This is my one stop shop for a mani/ pedi and waxing. Everyone here is nice and professional and have become like family. The salon is open late so it's perfect for the after work treat :)
5 Clean, friendly, and professional;  Every time I come to Elaine's I know I'm receiving great customer service from my favorite Grace and the rest of the team.  The whole shop always seems to be having fun and the customers almost always seem to be having a great time.  I always come in for a manicure with a clear coat and occasionally treat myself to one of their fantastic pedis as well.  The price is great too, and I've never had a bad session!  Important:  tons of people know about Elaine's so they are always very busy.  DON'T FORGET TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT.  They are more often than not booked solid so if you can't be seen it's because you didn't call ahead.  Trust me, they're worth the extra effort!
5 This place is great.  I flew in from out of town and needed to find a late night place for a mani/pedi.  I went at 8pm on a Sunday  and it was super busy!  The entire staff was extremely nice, welcoming and attentive.  I'm from Atlanta and I didn't find the prices any more expensive than usual.  I highly recommend this place!
5 Went here about a month ago, got squeezed in for an appointment right away after calling. Nails are great, they don't rush you, love love love everything here!
5 Ok here I am again needing my nails done ASAP and Elaine's is so accommodating!  This place is jumping busy because of the great service they give to their clients! Please try Elaine's you won't be disappointed.
5 Elaine's nails is by far the BEST nail place in Vegas. Not only is the staff really friendly, and they have reasonable prices, but the work that they do is AMAZING!! I see Elaine for my acrylic fills and gel overlay, and she does a GREAT job every time. Not too mention her nail art is AWESOME!! When I get a pedicure I go to whoever is available, because everyone there does a fantastic job!! I have been to many nail places in this town and I have never been able to get consistently great service till now! I will be a client for life!!
5 Love love love Elaine's! I have been to 10+ different nail salons across Las Vegas, but never found one that I would return to until I found Elaine's! I have been back 4 times now and every time it has been clean, the staff has been super friendly and accommodating, and the whole atmosphere is great! All of the staff members are thorough and make sure you get exactly what you want - they will always ask what look you are going for and have no problem making any changes that you request. The best part is that they are open late so I can go after work!
5 I love this place! Lots of pedicure chairs and staff to accomodate a spur of the moment pedi.  More gel colors than anywhere I have ever seen.  Elaine is the best at pink and white acrylics! Very clean, relaxing and professional. And....they are open late! Till 11pm (Call first if you want to get in after 7 - they are busy!).
5 Best part is they are open till 11pm! Great service, took there time and got the best foot & lower leg massage with my pedicure! The place is under construction right now but only because they bought out the suite next door to them and are expanding! Totally worth it! Never going anywhere else.
5 I love this place, I've been going to Elaine for about three months and I never walk away disappointed. Her salon is very relaxing and there is always great customer service along with great prices. I definitely recommend this salon to everyone.
5 I visited this past weekend upon recommendation from a friend.  I will be back for certain.  Very friendly staff, clean, comfortable and the work was spot on.  I got a fill, pedi and wax and was more than pleased with the work.  I had an appointment, was seated immediately and was taken care of promptly.  I highly recommend!
4 My usual spot closes at 6pm and I was having a nail emergency. Found this spot online and decided to go for it since they're open later than most nail salons. Took everyone else's advice in calling for an appt. So I called at 7 to schedule for 7:30 and I was sat right when I got there. Others who tried to walk in for an appointment at that time had to get turned away because they do definitely get busy. Definitely satisified with my mani/pedi for the price.
2 I came because of the positive reviews. And they were very nice and sanitary, but Annie my technician was just ok. Visited here on Wednesday for a gel manicure, it's now Friday and my nails are showing signs of lifting around my cuticles after 2 days! I'm no expert but I think the 3 coats of polish she put on were too thick.
5 This is the place to relax and feel pampered. I love coming here whenever we are in Vegas. Its about a $40 cab ride from the strip but well worth the trip. Mani/Pedi for myself and my wife cost us only $70.  You wont regret it. Nice people, quiet atmosphere, great ambiance!!!
5 I love this place The staff is always friendly and do a amazing job for a good price, not like some place like polished that charge way to Much. My nails always look great, I even live in north las Vegas and drive all the way over. :)
4 I came here because all the reviews on Yelp said it was good. So I decided to try it out. I'm doing my nails for prom.   Inside is very clean. I got seated right away for my pedicure. I wanted a French tip & that turned out good.   Luck of the draw I get a guy to do my nails n feet. Nothing's wrong with that, I just feel like a woman would understand what I wanted more.   After my pedicure, I sat down to get my manicure. I choose the colors gold and black. I showed the guy the design I wanted and he said I can only do those in gel nails. So while he was cleaning my nails I was thinking to myself whether I should get my nails acrylic or gel. I asked if I could get them acrylic. He said no bcuz there's not enough time or something. & that I booked for a regular mani. I said oh ok.   Point being. I really wanted to get acrylic nails. I never do my nails only on special occasions so I didn't know I have to say acrylic or gel nails when I booked my appointment.   Lesson learned. I just thought even tho I only said mani/pedi. If I decided I wanted that later on, couldn't they have done it for me ? What do they mean no time ? I'm a paying customer.
3 Update:  I went late at night (which is why I love this place) but they way the gal did my full set.. i felt it was so rushed and not her best! Maybe she was tired.. IDK but still.  After a week they were lifting and obviously growing out so i could see that when she applied the acrylic she did it on top of my cuticles! Every time i brushed my fingers through my hair it would get caught in this lift.  Ugh!  Went to diamond nails instead.. A little further but Im on fill #2 with them and the consistancy of great work has kept me!
5 Elaine is EASILY the BEST nail technician I've had the pleasure of meeting in my adult life. I've been following her for 9 years and refuse to go to anyone else (although I'm sure her fellow technicians are just as good). She is quick, but efficient. As a former compulsive nail biter, it was so hard finding someone who can make wearing acrylics work AND last more than 2 weeks without lifting or falling off, but she makes miracles happen! The salon is very relaxing and she even provides some Keurig /Starbucks coffee for her guests! If I could rate her a 10, I would, but I can't, so 5 it is! She and her staff are outstanding!! I highly recommend this place for all your nail needs! You will not be disappointed...ever!
5 read the reviews on yelp and decided to try them out, made a last minute appt. on Mother's Day, friendly staff, clean environment, they offered some light refreshments which was very nice of them, I had Kathy do my nails and she was so nice did an amazing job on them, i highly recommend them!
5 Great customer service , very detailed with what they do
5 This is my favorite salon in Las Vegas to go to. The staff are all so friendly. I always feel well pampered when I leave. This place is always clean and never feels crowded even when they're full. They have so much space and the place was decorated with excellent taste.
5 Elaine's Nails keeps hitting it out of the park. Fabulous work and I always feel so welcome and relaxed while there. The rates are so reasonable. Elaine is awesome and her staff are all very friendly and accommodating.  Gracie has been giving me my pedicures and I can highly recommend her. My tootsies look sexy! I drive an hour to see her and will continue to do so. The pedicures are the best in town.  Thanks Elaine. Sally R
5 Love Elaine and her work! One of my first  and favorite stops when I head in to Vegas is with Elaine. She does my cousins nails. I have always been jealous of her fantastic nails! I live in El Paso Texas and am still looking for someone at home that can  compare to the talent Elaine has in her one pinky.
4 First time here. Lived up to its reviews. I was early for my appointment and was immediately seated. I like that it's open and not cramped. I like that they're not unnecessarily chatty, respectful of their clients. The young man who worked on me was efficient and pleasant. Drinks are free. Worth the price. I would have given it a 5 except for the lady who checked me out was a bit on the surly side. I'll be back for sure!
5 Went this past week for my second pedicure and full set! Absolutely love this salon! Grace did my pedicure and she was attentive and did an awesome job! Elaine did my full set and she was also extremely good at what she does! I love that they have late night hours for those of us who work! I will be back!!
5 I found Elaine's nails on yelp about 7 months ago and have been going ever since!  I've searched the west side of Vegas looking for an awesome nail place and this one is the BEST!!  The staff is very friendly and attentive. I am always pleased with the work and have never left disappointed!
5 Elaine another 5 stars from me because you are always ready for me, even when I am not ready for you.  You guys have to get the hook up with Elaine.   She is the awesome!  Love her place its so relaxing I don't ever want to leave when I get there.
5 I love this place. I've been coming to Elaine for a few months now, and she knows me so well. It's such a clean establishment, friendly staff, and they have updated  variety of colors. I literally drive from henderson to see Elain!  I completely trust the color she chooses for me. Never a dull moment with Elain. As soon as I walk in, I have the best service. What's best is how efficient everyone is.  I'm usually on the go, and they wo
4 Don't feel like you have to wait until the next morning to get that manicure and pedicure you're so desperately in need of - Elaine's Nails is open until 11pm.  They're fairly new so they're still getting everything together, but overall the salon is pretty clean. I had an appointment set up and was seated immediately. I have to switch ladies because the one that was starting on me had an appointment 3 minutes after she begun. The second lady I got was very quick and to the point - she got the job done she did take a bit to start because she was busy chit chatting to her coworker. I ALWAYS feel uncomfortable when my nail technicians are conversing in front of me. It makes me feel like they're talking about me which they probably aren't, but I can't tell.  Anyways.. that's my only slight negative thing to say. I'm still in search of a permanent nail salon, but will return here if it's past 7 and my nails need some TLC.
5 -They are open super late and I've never had to wait very long to be helped.  -They have a wide selection of nail polishes and gel manicure colors.  -They speak good English here and the place is pretty big so you don't feel cramped up in a tight space.  -There is plenty of parking out front.  -They also take appointments (that they actually keep) which is nice.  -The prices are also very competitive.  -It isn't the most beautiful/spa-like nail place out there but it gets the job done and I really appreciate their chosen balance of utility vs. aesthetics as I would rather spend a little less for the basics than spend more for some Enya and framed pictures of babbling brooks w/aloe leaves.
5 I have to say this place is the best local place in Vegas to get your nails done. Always friendly and very reasonably priced! The staff is very accommodating and they always aim to please! Annie does exceptional work as well as the owner Elaine. I cannot recommend this place enough!
4 Today was my first visit at this place, and I loved it!  Rene was the one taking care of my nails and she did an awesome job, very thorough!  The salon is open till 11pm which is AMAZING, no other place does that in the area! Other than that they'll serve you drinks and will be super sweet to you ;) Bottom line - great, highly recommended.
5 I've searched high and low for a nail salon I could continue going to and I have finally found it! Not only that, they are practically the only nail salon that opens at late as they do. The workers are willing to work hard for those extra hours.  My appointment was at 845pm. I would advise just like at any other salon, try to know what you want to have done and let them know as they will ask( ie. manicure w/ or w/o gel). This way they can manage their time schedule and make everything run smoothly. If you truly are unsure of what you want, ask if they are busy and when would be the best time for you because it's customer courtesy. I can't tell you how many times I've seen customers come in with an appointment for a manicure but then suddenly want acrylics and a pedi as well. They value their appointments with other customers and want to get to them on time.  Their building is very professional looking and very clean, especially their spa stations. I felt very welcomed.  I got a pedicure and gel manicure. Unfortunately I don't remember the name of the male who works there but he did my toenails and they were the best ever done. I'm very satisfied with them. They haven't chipped or scratched at all and it was regular polish. Another woman did my nails. I wanted a special design and she nailed it! I got 3d bows on my ring fingernails too. My nails have lasted 2 weeks now.  The people who did my nails were friendly and fun to talk to. I'm really happy I found this place and highly reccomend it to others. I bring my mother and friends here as well. :) Thanks for reading! I have pictures posted too!
5 I've been through so many nail salons in the past 5 years and I can definitely say Elaine's is the only place I've been truly satisfied with every time I go. I always get my nails done by Elaine but I've seen her staffs' work and they are all phenomenal! I'm a pretty indecisive person when it comes to my nails; I'm always wanting to switch it up, but always afraid I won't like the color. Elaine always puts my mind at ease and offers solutions to my crazy nail ideas. Anything from nail art to rhinestones, she's got it! And if you have pictures or a theme you'd like to go with, she can do that too! I always get compliments on my nails and I've officially got my picky bestfriend hooked on this place. Elaine, you rock!
4 Wanted to change my gel polish for 4th of July so I made an appointment for myself and a few friends. I really liked the shape of the nails in the first picture here on yelp, so I went with Annie.   However, John did my pedicure and he was absolutely AMAZING! Great attention to detail, massage was great, and polish still looks nice and shiny. Although I had requested Annie, John helped begin my gel manicure...I think he shaped my nails to best over any other manicure I've ever received (and I am a frequent mani/pedi girl). Annie came in, applied the polish and gave me a massage. There's a few places where it's a little bumpy and the top coat isn't fully covering the nail...but overall it looks good. I'm just very particular  Overall, friendly staff, nice massage chairs, polish selection is good and Elaine's daughter Britney was so sweet and helpful around the shop.
3 A little disappointed after the hype. There were several things I liked about this salon. They had a HUGE selection of gel polish colors. I was literally a little overwhelmed looking at all of them and trying to pick a color. It was very clean. I had made an appointment the day before and they were all ready for me when I got there. Everyone was very friendly. I got a pedicure. I wish they'd let me soak and relax a little bit more. The foot massage was great though! Big plus. The only thing I didn't like was with my fill, there's a decently sized space. The whole point was to get the space where my nail had grown out filled in.  Yet I'll probably need another one in a week. I'm a little OCD so I'm sure it's not horrible or anything but I find myself staring at it a few times a day. Other than that the nail tec did exactly like I wanted design wise. Will definitely go and give them another try
5 The best customer service. Elaine, the owner is really hands on with everything. All their staff are really helpful and will make you feel at home.
5 my favorite nail place!!! I go every two weeks and all the gals are amazing!! super consistent, a million colors to choose from, and the nicest people! definitely recommend making an appointment otherwise you'll be waiting a little. Elaine is so good about squeezing people in but they stay pretty busy.
2 After reading all the reviews I decided to try Elaine's.. My experience wasn't great. I had gel from a previous pedi. The lady I had rushed getting the gel off with a dremmel which she had on too high & it burned me several times. I also didn't see her open a fresh bag of tools. She was having a conversation with another tech nearly the entire time & really didn't say a word to me. I wasn't asked if I wanted water.. The customer service was horrible. She thinned out the polish with acetone and there are waves and bumps in the polish. Didn't ask if I wanted a design. There are no licenses hanging... Disappointed.
5 I have been going to Elaine for over 8 years and I can't say enough about the work that she does! Her nails are flawless there always perfect and never lift! The experience is just as great her salon is super clean they ask if you'd like a drink when you first walk in the staff is super friendly and I honestly can say it's the best salon in Vegas and she's the best nail technician!!!
4 Love Elaine! Always happy when she's available since I've seen her since she had a couple tables way back when but everyone is very good. Best gel in Vegas, no doubt about it. No rough edges, thin application - looks natural and feels great!!!
5 My first time to visit Elaine's was last year of July and I never regretted coming to her nail salon. She is very thorough with every details that you want and all her staff are really nice and have the best customer service. I always look forward visiting her salon for my new nail color. I even trusted her so much that she picks my nail color now every time I come when my nail's due.
3 I came here with four other gals in my family last Wednesday. We thought it was cool that this place was open until 11pm. Elaine was great about getting us in for a last minute appointment. The place was a nice size and you're offered coffee and water immediately. The assistant had the pedicure water perfect. The reason I only gave a 3 star rating is because while there were some great things about this place some of the techs were awful. They messed up on nail polish and did not have great customer service skills. Of course, Elaine was great, and I cannot remember the gal's name but she did have braces and took her time on my sister's pedicure and was such a sweetheart.   Bottomline, I would recommend this place to a friend, I would just make sure they're specific on who they request.
4 Plenty of staff and all were so friendly and helpful. Only thirty five for manicure and pedicure and the massage was great. My nails turned out beautiful and I loved that they just gave me what I wanted and didn't pressure us to get extra stuff. The lady helping my friend did end up rushing through the end and forgot the base cost as well as cleaning up the polish.
4 good job, ladies, affordable prices, accurate work, the only thing that I'm not satisfied 100% is the fact that they are speaking their language, and in some cases you know they are talking about you...I don't find that very proffesional...
5 So I think I've finally met a permanent nail technician at this salon - her name is Helen and she's awesome!  A couple adjectives that come to mind when trying to describe her work is: precision, accurate, and ON POINT (I know the last one doesn't count, but oh well). Helen did everything I wanted for my nails. I'm still in awe at the filing and shaping. Plus you know your nails are good when you cannot stop looking at them because they're that amazing. I plan on coming back here as long as Helen is working. She's amazing and such a sweet heart.
5 Elaine is amazing!  I have been having my nails done for over 20 years and no one is better!  I have been going to Elaine for several years, my nails always look great and I am constantly getting compliments.  Elaine does quality work and pays attention to details.  I have referred family and friends.  The staff is friendly and courteous.  The shop is super clean and there is a great selection nail polishes to choose from.  John does great pedicures and has a great personality.  I am in the process of moving out State but will have Elaine do my nails everytime I am in town.
5 Update:  I still love coming here.  I have tired a few other places but no one will compare to Elaine and her staff.  I am more than willing to go out of my way to see her for anything I need.  Love her, her staff and her work.  My nails always look good after I leave the shop and I always get compliments on them.
5 One of my favorite nail places. I'm always happy with the job they do. Much friendlier than other places in the area, comfortable seatig, and they seem to make cleanliness a priority, which is very important to me. I also like that they're open later in the day and take appointments. The good prices are just another reason I recommend Elaine's to friends and family!
