5 The finest and most pleasurable  eyeglass buying experience imaginable. A great selection of unique frames with expert service. The range of frames was far beyond the usual suspects at Costco, etc. The service was very personalized and friendly. The expertise extends to specialized lenses for persons engaged in heavy computer usage. A far better choice than optical dispensers in Scottsdale named after ski resorts. By the way, the interior of the store is smashing for those who might underestimate what you will find on 7th Avenue just North of Camelback.
5 This maybe the best eye care services I have ever gotten. Run by Brian and Angela (Dr. Marquez) in a very modern clinic. Before the exam, Brian went over all the options I had as in pricing and options. Angela does all the exams and is very very through when you have any questions at all. Even helped me pick out my classes (within the price range and within my style). Ended up with a pair of transition lens, cool frame, and eye exam with dilation all under $150! Highly highly recommend this place!
5 I just want to say that I had the VERY best experience at the Oculist today! Not only did I get an amazing pair of glasses (the selection is outstanding!), but I also had the wonderful pleasure of getting to spend time getting to know the owners, Angela and Brian. They were so very helpful from start to finish. I'm really delighted that this shop is in the neighborhood; it's truly a fantastic place- a little jewel of an independent local place to get a thorough eye exam, to browse extremely stylish eyeglasses, and to spend time with two very knowledgable, friendly, and interesting people. This is going to be...already is... my go to place in Central Phoenix for my eye care and glasses! What a fantastic find! Please do yourself a favor, and go check them out!!!
5 Exceptional is a descriptor that is truly warranted and results that are definitely delivered.    I was forced to find a new doctor because of an insurance change and The Oculist met my search needs based on that change, distance from my house, Saturday hours, high Yelp ratings and I was thrilled to find it to be independent (gotta love that!)   First to mention is how super clean and modern the space is and they really get it, less is more.... much much more! It's unlike any other eye glass center I've trusted my vision and vision-ware to. I received a warm and welcoming reception from Brian who was very personable and attentive. We even struck up small talk as I was filling out my initial paper work. We talked about many things from neighborhoods, to food, to bikes. I loved hearing that they also live in the neighborhood and stay committed to the five mile bubble as I do.  Dr Marquez was  just as sweet and a true professional. I felt immediately comfortable with her and could tell she really loves what she does, impressed by her expertise and attention to detail. Honestly, the best eye exam I've ever had...quite the eye opener beyond the obvious.  Both Dr. Marquez and Brian worked as a team to help me decide on the perfect frame. They have various price points which I can see being attractive to someone one on a tight budget and the lower price point designs are comparable to the high price point options. You mean I can pay almost close to nothing  and I don't have to look like Ronnie Milsap or feel positively goofy like Jan Brady?......SWEET!  I was having such a tough time deciding which frames to go with when I decided just to go with the top two I liked the most. One set will be my business look and the other will be my sporty trying to look smart look.   I'll be back in a couple weeks for a contact exam and fitting.   Yay for us!
5 My new glasses arrived and not only are they just as rad as when I first picked them out but I'm totally all about my new collapsible Gotti case. I've never been so excited about something that I always considered quite insignificant. Maybe I need to get out more,,,,Nah, not really ; )
5 I was ready to purchase new glasses and decided to go to The Oculist as they are very close to my home.  Well that was the best decision I ever made.  They are AWESOME, both Angela and Brian (owners) are knowledgeable and take the time to explain your options.  This is my first time in progressive lenses and because of the lenses they recommended it was an easy transition.  Took my granddaughter to see them for new glasses and my daughter is going next month.  I was very impressed!!!!!
5 I hadn't realized that my eye insurance had changed since my open enrollment so I went to my providers website for a list of optometrist in the area. Naturally, I backed up my findings with yelp and found this little gem! The pictures and reviews told me I could not go wrong. I called and they got me in same day. I went in just wanting an eye exam but when I walked in, I had to look around. The frames are one of a kind! Not that boring stuff you find anywhere but the frames that people will want to know where you got them from! The exam was wonderful. Angela and Brian are super knowledgable and ready to help. I was excited to find the right frame. They even explained to me all my new benefits on my on new insurance in detail. Needless to say, I walked in just wanting an exam to walking out with amazing frames! I'm so stoked to pick them up soon! I'm totally telling all my four-eyed friends to stop by this place for quality service and a wide selection of frames! I'm so glad I found them!
5 I took my daughter for her eye exam, Angela spent time with her and found a resolution to the problem she was having.  She is now in contacts and very happy!  It is true.......great customer service still does exist.  I would highly recommend The Oculist, they are truly knowledgeable and caring.  Makes you feel good to have a business like this in the neighborhood!!!
5 This is the first time I've needed glasses and Brian & Angela were AMAZING!!! They were so patient, kind and all-around awesome--helped me find the perfect pair of cute glasses. Angela explained what I should expect with my astigmatism clearly. They're the owners too, bringing both expertise and superb customer service. Love these guys and recommend them highly!!!
5 Upon needing a new prescription and contacts ASAP as I had just burned through my last pair and seeing that my prescription was expired, I found this gem of a place based on other great reviews on Yelp and I am so glad that I did!   Not only were they able to get me in last minute on the same day (literally, I called around 4:30 and they were able to squeeze me in for an eye exam appointment at 5:30), I had one of the most thorough, detailed eye exams I've had.   I was able to tell that Angela and Brian are truly dedicated to their business as well as offering the best customer service as possible based on my first experience with them.  Now even after the fact that they scheduled me 30 minutes prior to closing time, I had been running 5-10 minutes late due to some rush hour traffic (totally a fault on my part for not factoring in traffic times). Now I'm an industry server so I know how it is when a table walks in 5 minutes before last call.. getting them in/out seems to be the most natural way to deal about it, but it definitely was not the case for Angela and Brian. They gladly took me in even though I was late and were very patient with me and I did not feel that they were rushing me or sacrificing the quality of any part of my visit the whole time.  Angela seemed genuinely concerned about the health of my eyes, and thoroughly explained the results of the eye exam compared to my previous prescription, and even talked to me about dilation as I had not had my eyes dilated previously. I could tell that she was an expert in her field and felt very comfortable trusting her opinion as a specialist.   Highly recommended place and worth the visit!
5 The storefront and location are unassuming but walk in to find a sleek and modern setup. You won't find any of the typical labels here. Want Nike, Ray-Ban, Prada, Gucci? This isn't your store. Instead, you'll be shown several incredibly sexy, unique brands with different frames and materials to match your face shape, fashion interests, and budget (although tbh, the prices can get quite high for several options).    Even better than the selection, the team here is fantastic. I've been having regular eye exams and swapping out new rims/contacts for over 20 years. Brian and Dr. Angela truly make the experience. They are patient and offer their honest opinion on how different frames suit you. I really appreciate their no-pressure customer service and they were not annoyed with me trying on every frame in the store. Such a relief when compared to some other offices obviously just trying to maximize profits.  Definitely check them out for your ocular needs. I didn't even need new glasses...I recently did Lasik (not perfectly corrected, still some astigmatism) but still had vision credit from my insurance to use up. Glad I did so here!
