5 This service was great! The staff was on time and did a great job! We got their Amazon local deal and it was totally worth it. It was very convenient that they could come to our house and they got both ours SUVs done in under 3 hrs including total inside and outside. Would highly recommend!
5 I haven't typed out a review in a looong time, but this place definitely deserves some love.  I heard about Waterless Auto Detailing through a Living Social deal.  I was skeptical at first as I've never done mobile auto detailing before, let alone via a coupon.  Louie was super nice when he came up to my workplace. He told me it would be about an hour and a half.   A little primer: My car has a black interior. The most I do is vacuum the inside every month.  I'll probably wipe the inside every time a black president gets elected.  So the console, dash, etc was extremely dusty.  Wiping it with a damp microfiber cloth didn't do too much for me.   After Louie was done with it, my car looked brand new.  The outside, including the tires and rims, were sparkling clean.  I'm surprised they were able to get it that clean using a water-less solution.  The inside was even more impressive. Everything looked like it came straight from the dealership, and the shampoo of the seats and floor left a great, clean smell. The most impressive thing? They were able to get every single crevice inside! I immediately brought a couple of my co-workers outside to inspect.  One wiped my rim with his finger, no joke, Mary Poppins style. Clean. Because Louie offers corporate group rates, a bunch of my co-workers are planning to get their cars done.   I'm definitely going to use this place again.
5 I bought a living social deal from Louie at Waterless. What a wonderful service! Sometimes people will give you less service when you purchase something discounted. Not Waterless! They gave me more! Three hours on my car, and it looked brand new! Better than ever! This is the best car wash I have ever had. The come to you at your convenience! They were on time, friendly, and took the time to give me wonderful customer service. I will be using them in the future, and will recommend them highly! They deserve 10 starts!
