5 Great idea... Was able to do my liquor shopping while waiting for my bags, and the prices were even better than on the Strip.  Getting my booze at the airport also gave me and my friends a chance to kick off our vacation in the taxi instead of the hotel, which made the ride considerably more fun and meant the party was in full swing upon our arrival.  You guys rock!
4 Woot, there's a new liquor store that opened at the McCarran Airport! My friends and I flew into Vegas and we needed to grab some alcohol to pre-party once we got back to the hotel since we were running low on time that night (going to EDC), so we were lucky this place was open. We walked in, tried a sample of the Lemon tea Belvedere, and checked out some of the alcohol selection. There's SO MUCH available here...it really is a library!   If you're in a hurry to get some alcohol right out of the airport, this is your spot; it's so convenient. You don't have to walk to Walgreens haha.
5 Genius concept, especially in the Vegas airport! Grab some alcohol while you pick up your bags so you have drinks for your hotel room. The cashier answered all of our questions & helped us choose our vodka. The prices are competitive-- not Costco cheap, but definitely cheaper and more convenient than on the Strip!  CHEERS & thanks to Liquor Library!
4 Spicy jäger!  Nice!!  This place was the 1st stop off the plane... Liquor cheaper than the strip and great customer service.. Prolly should not have taken 2 nice sized samples of the spicy jager (which was yum) after I had vodka, and then switched to cognac later in the night. Can you say head ache?  smh
4 This place was pleasant surprise as I hopped off my flight in Las Vegas. Unless I haven't been paying attention during all my travels, I've never seen a liquor store in an airport. I was excited. My trip was a celebratory one, so I decided to pick up a few things to get the party started. The Liquor Library has a large selection of beverages. Everything you're looking for is likely there.   I was greeted as soon as I walked in. The staff was very nice. I was looking for the two types of liquors, one of which I could not locate and someone helped me ASAP. The pricing was little different from what I'm used to, but I blamed it on taxes and convenience. I mean a liquor store in an airport, how convenient can you get? They provided me with a cute little plastic bag with a handle, which was adorned with their logo. Oh, they had really cute souvenir flasks too. At the risk of sounding like an alcoholic, I'm ending my review here. Drop by. It's an essential stop if you're in Sin City.
3 Great concept , great location by baggage claim but the prices were high. 5 dollars for a liter of soda ? No thank you . I'm sticking to cvs or abc store on the strip for my alcohol needs .
5 While coming down the escalator following my most recent flight to Vegas, I noticed a sign that said "LIQUOR STORE" with an arrow and I couldn't believe it. Sure, the prices are higher than your neighborhood liquor store ($31 vs. $23 for my favorite vodka), but the convenience factor when you are short on time more than makes up for it. On top of it, the store is bright and clean with a very outgoing/cheerful staff. Excellent selection for a store of this size as well.
