5 Simply fantastic! KW has another new Gem. Some may find it pricey, but I've never regretted paying for top quality food and service.  Wheelchair/walker friendly
5 Hard to find but worth the effort! Have had dinner here twice, and both times been impressed with the food. The tapas are all pretty good, esp. the pork belly sliders and fried chicken. The first time I was here, the patatas bravas were cold and undercooked, but my second visit proved more positive in this regard, and the patatas were crisp and delicious.   I highly recommend getting their drink specials, as they're often a very good deal. The first time it was the vodka-based Public Punch, and then on the second visit had the cava special ($6/flute).   We hit up the Wednesday oyster special ($2.50 each or $2 after 7 p.m.), adding a line-caught tuna special and those yummy sliders as well. The oysters were all shucked perfectly, no grit, and came with mignonette/hot sauce/cocktail sauce. The tuna was lovely, cooked extra-rare as I'd asked, on a bed of edamame and pickled hot peppers.   Service is efficient and friendly, and our waitress was happy to tell us about an upcoming food event in KW. She even brought us an extra little treat, as well, which was an unexpected and welcome surprise. Will definitely keep coming here, as I'm getting tired of similar places in uptown Waterloo.
5 My sister randomly selected Public Kitchen and Bar for Father's Day dinner with my family this year. How could such a random selection lead to such a perfect meal? I've since been one more time, but would love to arrange all occasions I celebrate in Kitchener here. It is sooo good.   Both times I went were on Sundays where they do a four course family style set menu. It is $35 a person and basically all you can eat. The meal starts with a surprise amuse bouche. For Father's Day, it was a huge, perfectly cooked shrimp with a home-made seafood sauce and micro greens. This was followed by a big bowl of salad and a plate of warm, chewy fresh baked focaccia (my favourite part of the meal). Next was a platter of chicken and ribs with sides of roasted potatoes and vegetables. The roasted vegetables were anything but ordinary - among others, beets, zucchinis, cabbage, heirloom carrots, that were perfectly cooked and seasoned. After we ate the full platter of meat, the server came around to ask us if we wanted more. We asked for one serving of ribs and he ended up bringing out an order of chicken too. Dessert was an icecream Sunday with chocolate sauce, peanuts and fresh berries.   At my second visit, the amuse was a tart filled with a creamy mussel filling. It was interesting, but probably best left as a tiny amuse (I probably wouldn't have eaten a second). This meal came with a similar salad, bread, potatoes and those amazing roasted vegetables. The main this time was fried chicken with sausage gravy. The fried chicken was better than most barbeque places that specialize in fried chicken! The gravy was thick and flavourful with the odd chunk of sausage. Crème brulee for dessert was perfect.   Disclaimer - when you walk in, this place looks like a total hipster hangout. Vintage furniture, bearded servers and a mix of clientele. However, both times the servers were friendly and genuinely excited about the food and the night's menu. The location is a bit odd, in a small plaza on Lancaster. However this place is definitely worth checking out.
4 This restaurant was the substitute choice for my partner's bday, and I'm so glad we ended up there!!! The service is excellent, the food exciting and delicious, as well the space being a lovely spot to spend time with friends. Good beer and wine selections too.  I was there on tapas & oyster night and we really enjoyed the oysters. I don't believe that they serve espresso though... Not entirely sure.
