5 Whenever I make trips to New York, I look forward to the expanded variety of food choices. One my travel "musts" includes grabbing a gelato, a luxury I could only enjoy on a trip away ... until now. Today, I risked spoiling my appetite for lunch by stopping in for a look at Affogato on Queensferry Street. Already a sucker for frozen desserts, this place didn't make it easy to window shop. The counter rotates like a merry-go-round and showcases around 18 different flavours, including some rather unconventional ones like mojito, gingerbread and the one on which I finally settled, peanut-butter and jelly. The folks in the gelateria told me they make all of the stuff on the premises, and I asked if now, discovering that I lived near to the store, they planned on increasing production. I can see making myself a regular customer at this temptation-filled Wonder Palace. Nothing like the other ice cream offerings in the city (even at Italian restaurants) I've had, Affogato offers a boutique for the gelato lover.
5 In the busy Queensferry Street, you find a small door in to Affogato. This is a wonderful little place, where you can get GREAT icecream. Inside the door you are immediately met by a large, round box, crammed with gorgeous ice. Here you will find a good selection of both sorbet and gelato, fashionable word for ice cream in Italian. The sorbet was, according to the lady behind the counter, fresh from the kitchen in the basement.  One of the best with ice cream bars that actually provide some service, is when you get a small taste of the flavors you are curious about. It is always difficult to decide when standing in front of an ocean of ice cream that looks fantastic and has fancy names. That's then the samples are genius!  The area where you can sit down, was not as cozy as you get the impression of when you enter. Still this a place you drop by to buy an ice cream for take away.
5 When I saw this appear on Yelp this morning as one of the newest businesses in Edinburgh, I knew I had to go there immediately. Fortunately I had arranged a catch up with a flatmate from 1st year, and knew we had to go for cake or something sweet. Affogato was the perfect choice. Gelato is one of the main things I miss when away from Italy.  I think I can safely say that Affogato is one of the best ice cream parlours in Edinburgh, its only rival being the chocolate tree. The gelato here is light, flavoursome, and there are many options. I saw lots of familiar and typically Italian flavours: Bacio, fondente, lemon sorbet, melon sorbet, valrhona chocolate, amarena, stracciatella, illy coffee, gingerbread, chai latte, mojito, strawberry sorbet and more... I was a little sorry to not see the pistachio which I had seen on their website, or the coconut. I guess they were just way too popular? There was only one member of staff around, but she was very friendly and eager to please.    I was offered a taster, and after a spoonful of chai latte knew I wanted it. I went for a small cup, £2.50 for melon and chai latte. They are very generous with the portion sizes, almost on a par with Italian standards! We were planning on sitting in, but the weather outside was glorious, so we relocated to princes street gardens. There we had absolutely divine Italian style gelato, an incredible view of the castle in high definition, framed by the blue sky, with not so much as a light breeze to ruin our day (a rarity in Edinburgh).  Allergy/special diet-wise, affogato caters for gluten and lactose intolerances. Apparently most of the flavours are gluten free, and all of the sorbets are vegan.  If you want good quality ice cream that is clearly made with fresh ingredients, do try out Affogato.
5 I tried this fab wee ice-cream shop for the first time on Saturday. It was lovely. The flavours change fairly regularly (their facebook page keeps you updated). One of the specials the day I was there was ricotta and caramelised fig and it was delicious. The strawberry sorbet was particularly tasty too.   The staff are very friendly and let you try different kinds before making your choices. It's nice to see an ice-cream place with some original flavours (my fiance went for peanut butter and jelly, both delicious and slightly strange).  There is a small seating area if Edinburgh's summer is not being kind and you would prefer not to get rained on. Although the streets along the west end are pretty terrible with the tram works it is definitely worth navigating through the rubble to try this great gelateria.
5 I don't hand out fives easily but this little Gelato joint deserves a big fat five star.  My friend read a write up of this new gelato parlour which serves ice cream and coffee - together! Well let me tell you if anything gets me to a place, it's the promise of a good espresso. I also heard that they're dog friendly and I make a point to give custom to dog friendly businesses.  So I went with low expectations but let me tell you I left with the best ice cream I've had for as long as I can remember.   I usually ask for a recommendation when trying out a new business, they should know what's the best, right? Well their signature is the affigato which is a scoop of gelato floating in a shot of illy espresso. Why have I never been told about this taste sensation? My oh my, what a sensation it is!  There are so many flavours which you can read about from other fellow yelper's reviews but I always have vanilla or something close to vanilla.  Traditionally the affigato should be served with vanilla I'm told, but I fancied something sweeter so went for the salted caramel. What an amazing flavour. Smooth and delicate and not sickly at all. I tried my friends one with plain vanilla and it's less sweet but still very very good.  This is what makes a business special, good quality ingredients, locally sourced or produced and sold at a reasonable price.  Go and grab yourself one of the best little treats money could buy. Life is beautiful when you've got one of these gelatos in your hand. Let me tell you. I'm a fan.
5 Today marked my second visit in 5 days...  both visits I was greeted by super friendly staff... generously given tasters of a couple of flavours (I'm not so bold as to ask for more than 2 or 3 tasters).. and walked out with a delicious gelato in hand and a huge smile on my face!  With all this fabulous weather, this place is the perfect pit stop for an ice cold sweet treat!!
5 As it is officially summer then some ice cream on a scorching hot day is a must. Yelpers had been discussing Affogato and after walking a few miles, a pit stop on Queensferry Street on the way home was way too tempting to ignore.  This is gorgeous Italian ice-cream at it's best. It appears you can sit in and grab coffee's and cakes, etc. but the ice cream is the main draw. All the flavours sit in a circular stainless steel contraption which moves around. Servers will give you tasters when you can't decide and hygiene is crucial so you'll find yourself with several little plastic spoons as there will be no double dipping of used spoons in ice cream tubs.  Eventually I settled for the green tea and peanut butter. The passion fruit was gorgeous but it wouldn't have went with my original choice of peanut butter and jelly so after sampling the green tea, I couldn't not get some. Tubs start at £2.50 for 2 scoops - they are generous scoops.  So, I had to avoid temptation for the fear of the impact on my waist line several times over the weekend (my first visit was Friday!) but if I make it through the week, I'll definitely be back at Affogato this weekend as it is THAT good.  Ps. Just as staff what is gluten free/special diet as they have a list at the till that they can consult.
5 I very much under estimated the size of the scoops they give you here. Unable to decide on flavours, I somewhat ambitiously went for a medium cup. At £3 it can hold up to 3 flavours, so of course i filled it to capacity. I chose salted caramel, Green tea (oh how i've missed you!!!) and spiced coconut.  I'm quite sure i sat there and ate the equivalent of a whole tub of ice cream. the flavours were AMAZING, and the options given so different and unique. Its ice cream for grown ups, to be eaten with child like joy. In other words, get the biggest tub of the most unique flavours and STUFF YOUR FACE. You will not regret it!
5 It's official, Affogato is amazing.  Conveniently located minutes from my office, the warm weather means it's extremely tempting to pop by at lunchtime for a gelato treat - a tempation it's hard to resist. And why would you want to resist when it tastes this good? Not to mention the generous servings - a medium is £3 and you get three huge scoops.  Flavour wise there's a lot to choose from, with a rather excellent 'flavour wheel' by the door. And staff are more than happy to let you sample if you're unsure which to try. Everything I've had so far has been delicious, and until today Salted Caramel was my flavour of choice... That was until I tried Pina Colada. Move over Salted Caramel, there's a new favourite in town.  Assuming the weather stays nice I'll no doubt be back here again very soon. In fact, even if it doesn't I'll be here anyway as there's a seating area at the back, perfect if you want one of their coffees (or affogatos!), or if you fancy a bit of gelato when it's cold.  Now, how acceptable is it to go twice in one day?
5 Another wish of mine came true this summer - Affogato came to town!  I was eager to try it out, so after a long Saturday walk I made it my mission to see what Affogato is all about. It was a quiet peak when I entered the shop and the staff were really friendly and cheerful. I was struggling to make a choice as there were simply SO many flavours to try out, but the ladies were offering little samples to make the selection a little bit easier.   One of the flavours that really stood out for me was coconut with cardamom. I was offered a sample and the lady asked me what I thought of it. I was "WOW".. I couldn't find the words to describe it, it was just perfect.  I went for a 'medium' and chose 3 different flavours. They recommended chocolate with the coconut gelato I fell in love with. However, I had already set my eyes on pistachio and banoffee so I went for this trio.   The gelato was amazing. So light and refreshing. The price for a medium cup with 3 different flavours was also reasonable, around £3 or so.  I know I will come back, many many times....
5 Om nom nom nom!!!  So when my friend Lucie told me her friend owned a gelato place my eyes lit up and I demanded to be taken there as quickly as possible!!  This was a good decision, as soon as we got near we realised there was an orderly queue outside all waiting to even get inside the shop. At this point I couldnt even see the goods, after 5 minutes in the queue we got to the window.  There she was.....the weheel of gggeeeeelllaaaatoooooo - the option oh lordy lord the options!!!! Well to be fair...it was a Sunday....there was 15 minutes till they closed and it had been roasting all day...so erm yeah the options were limited.  But to be honest that really relfects that this is a fresh artisan product being created onsite.  I opted for a selection of three flavours including hazlenut and I was in heaven. Our conversation died to a simmer and we munched the tasty goodness!  Highly JD Recommended!!!
5 I love gelato! So do the minions from despicable me 2! If only they could taste this gelato, they would move in.  It's great that it is all made on the premises and even better that it is all vegetarian, hurrah!   The staff are so delightfully helpful and attentive, it really is refreshing.   There is a seating area at the back of the cafe which is comfortable and has free wifi.   The pistachio gelato is amazing and do is the salted caramel. Worth a trip here and it has decent late opening hours.
4 The whiskey gelato was amazing! As was the salted carmel! My friend got the pear, which wasn't very good, but then also got the dark chocolate, which was also good. The staff was very nice and it is open later, which is great after a spicy dinner.
5 Ice to see you, to see you - ICE! Oho, but my goodness this is my kind of place. There's a wheel - a WHEEL of gelato, bearing such mind-spinning flavours as pumpkin... cassis... pear and amaretto... gingerbread... they change them often so you never know what the wheel will hold.  You might baulk initially at £2.50 for a small cone, but "small" here is kind of a relative term. It's small compared to me, for example. Small compared to the table. You know. That kind of small.  The shop itself, light and spacious, extends way beyond the Wheel of Goodness at the front. There are tables, complimentary water, sofas, issues of Bite on the windowsill, and at the time I was there, a scruffy and happy looking doggy wandering around in a bandana, which can only ever be a good thing (unless you are in an operating theatre).  Oh, and you're allowed multiple flavours at once. And you can try a whole bunch before you choose. Be happy. Gelato loves you back.
5 YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!  I've popped in here a few times now for some gelato - why the hell aren't there more gelato shops in Edinburgh?!? Harrumph! Anyway, this one is amazing. The wheel of fortune contains 30 odd different flavours of ice cream. My favourites are Amarena (black cherry), Prosecco & peach and salted caramel - and yes, I get them all put in the same pot :) Some people may say it's too bloody cold at the moment for ice cream however I have enough Italian blood in me (a smidgeon really) to say "Pah!" to that....gelato is an all year round treat. If it's good for the Italian's, it's good for me!  YOU MUST TRY!! :)
5 The ice cream here is delicious!! The service is friendly , and the coffee is excellent... And it's open until 10pm, so that adults can eat ice cream and drink coffee at night ! whoooo!! love love love it.
5 Great place! Such good gelato and the girl who served us was lovely! Would definitely go back, good for a quick break
5 Had the rose and cream gelato this time, wow it was yummy!   Affogato must bust be doing something right as they were queued out the door in April!
4 After enjoying some sunshine at the Water of Leith we decided to stop by for an ice cream at Affogato last Saturday. I have been hearing good things about this place and, being the sweet tooth that I am,  was keen to check it out.   When you arrive you are faced with the tough decision of which flavour to choose from their gelato wheel of fortune. They had an excellent choice of flavours with seasonal treats, such as, 'hot cross bun', 'rabbit food' and 'easter egg' on offer. In the end I opted for the apple and elderflower sorbet and a white chocolate and raspberry flavour. The sorbet was lovely, bursting with fresh appley flavour (a bit like a lovely cloudy apple juice.) The white choc was less good, and tasted a bit funny- we both thought this but perhaps it just wasn't for us. The ice cream came on tasty waffle cones and it was nice that you could pick and choose your flavours and mix them up.   Overall I was glad to have stopped by, for me it's not quite Mary'sMilkBar-good but I would definitely like to try out some of their other flavours.
5 I have been waiting so long for real Gelato in Edinburgh, now thanks to Affogato I can cancel my holiday to Italy!!    To be true Gelato it must be natural (both flavour and colouring), made on site and have that soft melting texture. There are some places that claim to make gelato but if you've been to Italy then you'll know that the real McCoy only exists here at Affogato - anything else is just ice cream.  The flavors are inventive and seasonal and often offer options that are gluten free and vegan (the fruit sorbets).  The fruit flavours always look so inviting and I love the thought that they are a bit healthier but I always go the full fat, full cream route, unless they have chocolate sorbet - that is phenomenal!!  The salted caramel is my all time favourite and the coffee has over 20 shots of espresso!!    The price is also amazing!  In fact - for the service, quality and quantity that Affogato delivers they really should charge more.   .  Did I mention that they are super nice and dog friendly too! BONUS!!!
5 The temperature gauge creeped just over 16 degrees over the weekend, so naturally ice cream was on the cards. And what an absolute treat Affogato was.  First of all, kudos to the brilliant opening hours. At 7pm we were certain we'd be out of luck finding a decent scoop but no such problem. Affogato welcomed us in with opening hours stretching all the way to 10pm five days of the week.  Deliberating over the spinning wheel of gelato bliss was really the only issue we faced. SO many lovely flavours to try and were allowed to sample as much as we deemed necessary before deciding. Cressida F. is bang on with her 'small being relative' point. The small might be a hefty £2.50, but it's really a generous-two-scoop small, so not really anything resembling a small at all.   I (finally) settled on an apple mojito and passionfruit combo (sunshiney sounding flavours for the aforementioned sunshine). And sunshiney they were!  Everything about this place is perfect. See you soon, ice-cream wheel of joy.
5 The flavours at Affogato are incredible. If you have e.g. coconut flavour it tastes not of "coconut flavouring" but of actual coconuts. The gelato is creamy, always has a wide but changing selection and reasonably priced. We've travelled around Italy eating gelato and this would be a good place even there; for Edinburgh it's incredible. Finally, the staff are always super-friendly and helpful. Go there now!
