1 Noisy all around. Very poor management frequently changing hands. High employee turn over, not the friendliest. Not problem solvers. Helicopters always fly over head, sirens 24/7 . Monthly billing of utilities or lack of it is a HUGE problem. Again, NOTPROBLEM SOLVERS, they add to it. SMELLY dog urine!  Maintenance men smoke in the closed in hallways SMELLY.  Homelees abound. Doors that are made to close slowly and quietly are broken and SLAM shut and reverberate through complex like a bomb went off. Many many annoyances. High resident turn over. Noise carries all over complex from floor to floor. Convince to downtown n party life the only advantage here. Loud local businesses - night club music booms to all hours.  Management NOT responsive to problems.
1 I've lived at this property for over 5 years. When I first moved in it was owned by Mark Taylor and it was a really cool community to be a part of. The complex recently changed ownership and the new owner, Weidner Apartment Homes let the whole place go to hell.  The new staff is beyond incompetent. Service requests that used to take a few hours, now take a few days. They will show up and enter your apartment without your permission or valid reason. It's really intrusive and unprofessional.  In addition to the problematic staff, the apartments themselves are poorly made. The tile cracks if you step on it too hard. The cabinets  (which seem to be covered in some kind of linoleum)  warp when the stove is in use. The refrigerator ice maker  takes a monthly 4 week siesta. The microwave joins him. You get the idea.  When I decided to terminate my lease after 5 years, the complex insisted on doing a walk through, a week before I moved. This means that 3 staff members get to walk through my apartment, while I'm packing, and evaluate the condition, even though that will happen again after I move out. Did I mention that they are beyond intrusive?   After I left, I was charged for over $1200 worth of cleaning work. Wow, I must be one dirty pig to cause that much grossness to a 1100 sqft loft. They charged me for cleaning and shampooing the carpet.... They then charged me for replacing it. Why a person or a company would clean and shampoo a carpet they intend on replacing is beyond my scope if intellect. I was also charged for a paint job, this is after I painted the entire apartment with the paint that the front office provided me. Absolutely ridiculous. Furthermore, my cleaning lady of 5 years had a good chuckle when I showed her the invoice for "cleaning labor hours" that Weidner sent me. Unless they were hiring SAG actors to do this work, I cannot comprehend the cost.  Overall I would caution any potential resident to look elsewhere. Yes the complex is gorgeous, but it is definitely not worth it. Downtown Phoenix's rental loft market is expanding and I'm sure that there are better options out there. Even right next door to Skyline a new loft building just popped up, try that instead.Stay away, this place sucks in the long run. #byefelicia
1 My husband and I started initial paperwork in the event that we decided on an apartment at skyline (used to be Altavista). We had seen one apartment in which we had interest but we were clear that a decision was not made. We were told that if we decided on the apartment we could log on to the website and pay a non refundable $204, now that the initial paperwork was started. The next day we spent some time in the apartment to check for allergies since I don't usually do well with carpet. I reacted to the carpet so we decided against it.   What I discovered several days later were two withdrawals from our checking account for a total of $86 for our "application fee". This was never disclosed to us. We were told that we were "starting the paperwork to make it easier if we chose to apply". The fine print says after 24 hours the application fee is not refundable. What a scam. The verbal exchange did not match the fine print.   I'd give zero stars if I could.
4 I am really surprised by the overwhelmingly negative reviews of this apartment building. I lived at Alta/ Skyline for a year and a half moving out a few months ago due to buying a house. This was certainly the nicest apartment I have ever lived in. The layout of the apartment was open and made it feel extremely large. The facilities were well maintained (gym, game room area, and pool) and cleaned daily (I personally observed this). The staff from both Mark Taylor and Weidner were nice and I never had an issue with service requests. I will say that there were things that were not wonderful : the rent was very pricey (as much as a mortgage or more), the man who did clean the hallways was always smoking, making the hallways smell like cigarettes, we had an issue at move in with installing direcTV...saying we couldn't drill any holes, but I know everyone else with a dish had a small hole drilled, the tiles in the kitchen did crack easily, and the cabinets were made of some cheapy (almost like paper) on top of plain wood with some pieces just randomly falling off after living there for about a year.... but it's an apartment, so I'm not sure what people expect...do they want marble counter tops in an apartment? A little ridiculous. The location is great and I met a lot of cool people here... I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place.  PS I never had bugs here, that was awesome PPS They use some really nice smelling cleaning product in the elevator PPPS When I moved out, I was charged about 50$ for cleaning and that's it plus the walk through was very relaxed.... I spent 5 or so hours cleaning, but hey, the guy who said they charged over 1000$ to either had a lot of damage or the policy changed in a very short period of time.
2 This place is great because of location in my opinion but for the prices they ask I really don't know if it is worth while. My lease is up in a few months and I would like to stay but only if I get a fair price for my place. They tried to hike up my rent for a renewal after I found out someone with the exact same unit is paying 300 dollars less than me! The only way I would stay is if they gave me a fair price.  As for the complex. The tiles in the kitchen break, the cabinets are cheap, the appliances are dated, and the dish washer does not work well. For the same price they are asking you can find something better. One of the worst drawbacks is that every entrance smells like dog urine and there is always something broken. You can expect that once a week you will get an email saying that a certain door is broken or the elevator is not working...  Wrap up- the place is falling apart and for the same price you can find something a lot nicer.
