5 Todd Neal, LMT is the best massage therapist.  I get a lot of massages, but this one today tops them all!  Todd was ultra professional, a natural healer & used effective stretching techniques in my massage as well.  He can give as much or little pressure as needed.  The spa is quiet & it is a nice room with bathroom right inside, and temperature/music is controlled by the therapist.  Todd is highly recommended by myself and 5 others I know who go to him! (702) 467-0843 I suggest an hour and a half if you drive car & work on computer a lot like me.  This gives time to work all that out as well as get relaxation & reiki as well.  All positive healing.  I am left energized yet relaxed!  So glad I found him!
5 A beautiful little oasis in the desert!  The environment itself is minimalistic and soothing. Other customer service features are great ongoing promo services and packages, a wide array of complimentary refreshments, and various thoughtful customer appreciation gifts to choose from.  The receptionist, Heidi, is so sweet and cheerful it's contagious. With great customer service to match, she was detailed in booking our appointments, thorough in preparing us for the experience, and strove to meet our needs.  Garth was my masseur, and gave me a great first impression of full body deep tissue massages to expect from this establishment. Beth & Crystal also come highly recommended.  **When going for multiple services, you have the option to pay one full bill in advance upon making your appointment (either over the phone or in person). **If you choose to pay after your services, each therapist will take your payments separately using electronic mobile systems. Take note that most use PayPal, which does NOT accept AMEX.
3 2 stars for the actual spa. 3 stars for the massage I got from Crystal.   First, I didn't like how the receptionist handled my request to reschedule the morning of. Don't get me wrong, I get massages regularly and I understand how important it is to be on time. My appointment was at 4pm, and I had asked when she called to confirm at 10am if it was possible to either reschedule for 4:30 or move it to another day- I was told told a resounding no, I was the last massage for a certain therapist and she was scheduled to go home at 5. Alrighty then..  I ended up making it to the appointment and received an unconventional (for me) deep tissue massage. She was able to get into my hip flexors and jaw, which were pretty painful and felt strange. I try to get monthly massages to relieve tension on my back, and even though we discussed problem areas she spent a lot of time on my chest and hips. It's been almost a week since the massage and I already feel like I need another massage to loosen up my lower back again. She was a very likable therapist, but the massage was mostly painful and wasn't very relaxing. She offered to extend my massage to 90 minutes, and I told her about the debacle with the receptionist, and Crystal tells me that she would have welcomed the push to 4:30 since it would have kept her from running the 10 minutes late to my appointment. UGHH!!  The spa lobby looks like a little gift shop. I'm not sure how else to describe it; there are books and cosmetics for sale, even as seen on TV items. The rooms don't really have any sound proofing so I'm glad I wasn't close to the entranceway, and also only had light curtains so they were really bright- which I didn't care for at all.  PROS: I learned a lot about where I held tension from Crystal. You can shop for last minute gifts in the lobby. :P  CONS: Still holding tension in my lower back. Rooms are bright, and not very relaxing. Receptionist wasn't accommodating.   All in all, if they offered a monthly subscription like most other spas do, I wouldn't buy it. I would never give this spa any sort of payment up front in case I needed to reschedule, and I'm not sure that the type of massage was "for me".
5 Looking for very effective Sports & Deep Tissue therapist? Aya Yamanaka LMT is the One!! she is a little 5ft japanese therapist from Japan, but she knows what she is doing !!! You will love her unique DETAIL customized techniques !!!Her strong deep SHIATSU finger pressure starts from bottom of my foot, and she stretches my low back, legs, Achilles Tendon, IT band, hams, quads, piriformis, glutes, hip flexors, rhomboids!! Her Arm stretch is amazing relief !!! Her healing tiny strong hands made my tight neck, shoulder, upper back like noodle, Her scalp massage is sooo out of this world!!! Her massage is real blessing you all should experience. u might get addicted to her massage...many people fight to book with Aya!! Aligato for your hard work & your generous kind heart to put me to sleep....she was able to tell my muscle fiber needs more hydration/water H2O!!! She recommended me to soak my body to Hot heated water like mineral Hot Spring to get tight muscle tenderized & get my blood circulated & distribute oxygen flow!!! and do contrast Hydrotherapy hot & cold!!Localized Contrast Hydrotherapy works very well on chronic pain, stiffness, chronic cough or illness, soreness and areas that are not healing well. Contrast hydrotherapy is beneficial for treating injuries that have not just occurred.Example: If you roll your ankle, you should apply ice for the first two to three days after injury.  After this waiting period, performing contrast hydrotherapy locally will speed up the healing process. Alternate between the Hot Bucket/Hot Hand Towels and Cold Bucket/Cold Hand Towels three times. 3 minutes Hot 1 minute Cold Repeat 3 times ALWAYS End with Cold !!!! NOTE: If you have an autoimmune condition such as Rheumatoid Arthritis or Raynaud's, END WITH WARM Water, NOT COLD water..   Aya's session rate is very affordable compare to hotel.  60 minutes is $49 plus gratuity, 90 minutes is $70 plus gratuity, 2 hours is $90 plus gratuity.  Aya's lotion has DOTERRA pure grade oil & smells heavenly peppermint!!! Try Aya's massage today !! you will never regret !!!
5 Aya's massage is amazing !!! she will send you home like noodle !!! introductory rate for 1 hour is $38($49.99 value) ! 90 minute is $57 ($69 value)plus gratuity. if u become regualr client, u better pay $49.99 for hour & gratuity $20. she make you feel so better & new body restored.  she is 4ft-11 short but she is strong japanese mom of two kids.  she is knowledgeable, caring, soOOO great because she will mix Thai stretch & she knows trigger points & accupressure points. Her pressure feels so smooth medium deep. she does 2 hours for $80 cant beat that !!! plus free doterra pappermint aromatherapy oil she uses...after session, u get to take home any one free spa gift is awesome!!!
5 I am so glad I got my massage from Armando!! My body finally got the what it needed! My first massage with him was my 3rd massage in 3 weeks because I had been holding a lot on tension in my neck and shoulders and the other two massages i got at similar places that I won't name here just didn't help much ( and were more expensive $). He relieved my pain and the experience itself was really relaxing too. Armando is really down to earth, intuitive and skilled, he's respectful, professional, the facility was very clean and spacious yet cozy and quiet... oh, and he has ionic salt rock lamps in his massage room which I LOVE! Thank you so much!!!
5 Most amazing spa; excellent prices; superior customer service.  The spa owner personally greeted us, accommodated 6 massages with less than 24 hour notice, provided tea and water and a free gift.  My massage therapist, Armando, is well practiced in different types of therapy and addressed many physical and stress ailments.  If you didn't bring a car, you can take the 201 from the Tropicana to Buffalo and walk north a couple blocks - about 20-30 minutes from the strip.
5 Very pleasant massage at very reasonable price! I got a 60 min full body massage from Armando, and felt amazing afterwards. The spa is clean and cozy, the customer service is excellent, and you get to pick a free gift after your massage.
4 Armando did a nice job, the complimentary gift was a nice touch.  I wish it was closer to my apartment as it is quite a drive.
4 Angel Blessings is a hidden gem. Once I walked in, I felt a breeze of calm. I had pull my neck/shoulder muscle while drying my long locks so I was in need of a massage. I called Heidi the day of, at first there was no availability, but then she called back 30 min later & said there was an opening. I was so glad because I could barely turn my head. Armando..where do I begin??? He was...wow.. maybe 1 of the best therapist I had. He worked out the tension on my neck.shoulder then found more knots that I didn't know I had! He meticulously worked them out & kept reassuring my comfort & pain threshold. I went to so many different places before, but now..I think I found the one.
