2 The bar is nice as a bar, but thats all this is, a bar, that plays country music. LAME! No dancing? Way LAME! The screens and tv's are huge. We watched the Silva / Weidman fight here and really liked the visibility and lay out of the tv's. I'm sure I'll come back for football season and other fights, but I expect a lot more from a name like "Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row".
4 I have a feeling this bar isn't going to be another flash in the pan. They have a good location, a good layout, good prices and a good vibe. Cocktails for $5? Awesome. Good beer list? Great. They also have built in taps for table service. I don't like country music but it was still fun to watch people sing along and dance. For single ladies, there are a lot of really tall guys here.   The bartender we had was fast and attentive. My friend ordered some mudslide shots from another bartender. She stacked the three shots on top of each other, put them on the bar and pushed them towards us. Know your bar surface. Things aren't sliding on that bar top. So I was then wearing those three shots. The bartender took off so fast you'd think her pants were on fire. She didn't say I'm sorry. She didn't offer me a towel. She didn't offer me a drink. She didn't even acknowledge it happened. SO RUDE. Then the guy next to me asked another bartender for a napkin and he yelled back at him sorry dude we ran outta napkins three days ago. Then he came back with one he found, unrolled it in the guys face so the fork and knife dropped right in front of him and tossed it at him. Seriously?  They also ran out of coors light.   So some new bar problems they will overcome but they need to teach some of their bartenders some manners. I don't want to let those two ruin the rest of the experience so 4 stars!
5 So excited to have a place like Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row finally open! Went there on the grand opening and had a great time. While it was pretty packed that is to be expected on an opening night for such an anticipated opening of a bar/restaurant. I got there before it really got crowded so I could try some of the food. I got there around 6:15 which was perfect to find a seat and get some food. I had the Southern Fries. They were awesome. They had the perfect amount of chicken, bbq sauce, blue cheese dressing and melted cheese. It is a perfect dish to share! Then I tried the Mac & Cheese...OMG can you say AMAZING! They serve it in small cast iron skillets and I cannot say enough about this dish. If you like Mac & Cheese you have to try this! It doesn't disappoint.   I decided to try some of their signature cocktails as well as I just get tired of the same old thing so I first started off with the "New" Fashioned. DELICIOUS! It's made with whiskey (what else), fresh blackberries, Black Walnut Bitters, Fresh Lemon Juice, Agave Nectar and Orange Peel (I took a pick of the drink menu)...so refreshing and very good. Goes down way to quickly. I also tried their Tennessee Peach cocktail it's made with whiskey, Rock Candy Syrup, Fresh Sour and topped with Ginger Ale. While this drink sounds sweet it's really not that sweet because of the Sour and Ginger Ale. Definitely worth trying. I then tried the Smuttynose (as I'm on this cucumber vodka kick lately)...this is made with Cucumber Vodka, St Germain, Fresh Lime, Sliced Cucumbers, topped with Prosecco. MMMMMM. If you like cucumber this is a must try for you!  So over all my first night there was a great time and decided to go back on Friday night as well....  Friday night...Got there about 8:30 and there wasn't a line so we got right in. My girlfriend hadn't been there yet so I suggested the "New" Fashioned...which she LOVED. We decided to only drink this night so I wanted to try a few more of their signature drinks that I didn't get to try the night before. So I started off with Dierks Lemonade, Whiskey, muddled Raspberries, fresh Lemonade, and topped with Soda Water....Even though it had whiskey it was very good. I ordered a few more of these as they were pretty refreshing on the warm night. I also tried their Pickle Back Shots...for people who don't know what they are it's a shot of Jameson followed by pickle juice chaser....They make their own pickle juice in house....I wanted to just have a tall glass of that! It was the best I've ever had...not to sour but just enough sweet.  AMAZING! Friday night was just as fun as Thursday!   We decided to meet some friends up there on Saturday so I was excited to go since I've had two great nights there (thank god I didn't have to work Thurs or Friday)...So we got there in time to watch the fight. I had a great view from the outside bar (you cannot have a bad view from anywhere in the bar as there are tv's everywhere). Watched the fight and had some drinks. The service has always been great and friendly. While our group grew we moved to a table on the patio. While it does get a tad warm inside when it does get busy I enjoyed being on the patio. My girlfriends and I were wanting to dance so dance we did. What I loved about Whiskey Row is not only do they have a dance floor you can also dance on the stage that is elevated above the bar when there isn't live music! SCORE! What I loved about this bar is there is a good mix of people. People sometimes forget that just because you don't dress country or wear cowboy boots doesn't mean you don't like country or aren't. I know plenty of people who love country but don't dress the part. That's their personal style but I don't judge a bar just by that. I judge it on my own personal experience and it's been nothing but positive. This bar has only been opened a total of 5 days as of today and they are rockin it as far as overall experience there with service, food, drinks and how the bar is set up! Great Job and looking forward to going back this weekend!!!
5 Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row is the latest and newest place to open in Old Town Scottsdale. It's basically a sports bar / nightclub with a country music theme.   Like most entertainment establishments in Scottsdale the servers are exclusively very attractive females and at Whiskey Row they are attired in outfits that you would normally see at Country Thunder - tight t-shirts, cutoff jeans shorts, and cowboy boots. Guys will enjoy the view.  While the theme is good old country music, the food and beverages are anything but old fashioned. The menu includes burgers, salads, shrimp, flat iron steak, grilled cheese, and chicken breasts.   As for the drinks, Whiskey Row has installed the latest system where each table, and even the foosball table, has a set of taps serving alcohol and beer so you can refill your drinks at your convenience. Just order what you want from the computer screen at each table, use your credit card to pay for it and drink away. I doubt it unlimited though, other places that use this system limit you to a specific number of refills before the servers have to reauthorize you to get more, so you can't just sit there and get hammered.  Also, because the drinks are served in this manner they are charged by the ounce rather than by the glass.   And, if you really want to do shots of whiskey the fun way, there is a dentist-type chair by the entrance that tilts back and allows you to have whiskey poured straight down your gullet. I have a feeling that's going to be quite popular with the Scottsdale clientele.  Whiskey Row features a combination of live music and a DJ, but it will all be country. The band will perform on a stage that is suspended above the bar and there is a small dance floor next to the bar as well.   They are also showing the UFC fights and at least for the most recent one, they did not charge a cover which is a good deal if you like that sport.  I predict that this is going to be a very popular new addition to the Scottsdale nightlife lineup
1 Food was bland.   Bartender named kevin had poor customer service standards.  I realize it was lunch time and slow but not every shift can be packed wall to wall.  He needs to be social and pay attention to his guests needs and requests.
3 Could be such a cool bar if they had a bigger dance floor.  Smallest dance floor ever!  And its suppose to be a country bar...  even Moonshine and Toby's have a big dance floor.
4 Sickest new place in old town scottsdale. Another addition to that block to make it the only place youll need to go to party.   The food is super good surprisingly, i got the bbq chicken and potato salad. BOMB.   If you get bottle service they have beer taps on the tables, and better yet they have hard alch on tap too. Once table has goose...on tap.... sickest thing ever.   The lines are insanely long, but that should shorten as time goes by so definitely check this place out.
4 Went here Friday evening after work for happy hour around 630-7ish.  We ended up liking the atmosphere and posted up until like 11PM!  The music they played was actually pretty good, not ALL country music.  The crowd was interesting, 25-30 somethings with a few 50's sprinkled in the mix.  There was the normal Scottsdale crowd...you know, bedazzled jeans/belt buckles, shmedium sized shirts.  Then there were your random camo wearing cowboy hats.  And just your average people.  So it was a nice mix and definitely some great people watching.    We had the Chips and Dip for $7.  It was.....bleh.  The chips were soggy and lip so in order to get the dip onto the chip you had to use a fork and fold it over. Eh.....  On a good note our bar tender was awesome !  She was super attentive (even once it got packed) and funny!  She made killer drinks and chatted it up with us ladies, and if you're a lady...you know that can be quite rare.    Another interesting thing is their band is above the bar.  So, if you're sitting at the bar you just see flailing arms, the end of a guitar and the occasional hair flip.  The band on Friday was not too great so we preferred the DJ over the live brand which is surprising.  The later it got into the evening the longer the line got leading up to the door.  When I go back again I will be doing it the same way I did (happy hour into the night), I don't foresee myself waiting in line to get in.   I am looking forward to going back and sitting at a booth with a little mini tap and ordering some beer and kicking back.  Maybe having food with a little more substance in hopes that it's yummier than the Chips and Dip.  I will definitely be back to this bar!
4 I'm not a country fan by any stretch of the imagination, however during the week this is a really fun bar. I would avoid the long lines on the weekends FYI. I also heard the grub here is pretty darned good.
2 I was dragged here by friends who were eager to try the latest cookie cutter bar in the Scottsdale "Entertainment District". Face it with 100 bars, it's hard to differentiate. The decor is trying to recapture the romance, earthiness and dirt of Reata Pass, Pinnacle Peak Patio and Greasewood Flat with the addition of big screens to distract the patrons from what they are eating.   The menu is totally uninspired and unimpressive. It's the same bar food I can get anywhere, heavy on the unhealthy choices. Ever wonder why I don't order appetizers in Scottsdale? It's because they are lame, small and priced like full dinners. When I see a $12 appetizer on a menu of a "bar", I start to become suspicious.   Burgers and fish and chips with a $16 flat iron steak. This whole menu is one big cliché! I know burgers have replaced fine dining in the Phoenix Metro area, but it's just too much. Can't anyone be bold enough to resurrect the Monte Cristo sandwich? How about a good club? We're not talking rocket science. Here, everything is heavy and greasy to compliment the hickish overtones of the trappings such as the use of the word "Redneck" on the menu. Trust me, the trendy herd swarming downtown Scottsdale may want to watch rednecks in their natural habitat on TV but they in no way identify as rednecks.   Let me cut to the chase. This place is like Dierks Bentley's music. It's one gimmick after another, strung together in the hope that nobody will notice. Seriously, listen to one of his songs. They are one musical "hook" after another, repeated until a crooning, slow finish is inserted. The bar is pretty much that way too. Lame food and gimmicks such as bottle service or a table that has its own beer tap are "firsts" so they say. Well, there's probably a reason for that.
4 Went here on a Monday night for dinner and drinks.  We arrived in time for happy hour, so took advantage of the prices and ordered a Redneck Cocktail and a couple of apps.  The J.I.M.B.O. was good and served in a mason jar glass.  It didn't taste like there was any alcohol in it, so switched to a beer when it was gone.  The Chips and Dip were delicious!  We also tried the Corn Dogs...expected to receive mini corn dogs, but there were 3 actual corn dogs on the plate with 2 types of mustard and ketchup.  They were really good!  For dinner I had the Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup.  The Grilled Cheese had 3 different cheeses (American, Provolone and Goat) and I ordered the candied bacon for an additional charge.  Totally worth it!  The soup was tasty...not a plain tomato, but a creamy tomato soup with some cheese on top.  My dining companion ordered the Bad Ass Bloody and the Strawberry Shortcake for dinner.  The Bloody was served with a slider on top.  It's a great concept, but the drink had an over abundance of celery salt in it and wasn't finished.  Overall, I enjoyed the experience.  It's nice place.  I would have preferred to sit at one of the booths...they have taps on the table that I would have liked to try out!  I would definitely go back.
3 Let me first preface some of my comments. I am a huge Dierks Bentley fan and actually flew out from DC to AZ to meet with some friends who surprised me by reserving a table and coming out to Whiskey Row. I not only wanted to like this bar, but I wanted to LOVE IT! Perhaps my expectations were a bit too high, or perhaps since I went on opening weekend (July 5th) some of the kinks hadn't been hashed out.   We reserved a table for 10pm- which me and my friend's husband were eager to try to the beer tap that came with the table. We were a bit early so we went to the bar to order a drink. I looked at the beer list which was decent but by no means extensive. I was told that they were out of the beer that I ordered (First weekend open and you're already out of stock...?) so I simply ordered another beer. Drinks were reasonably priced with beer being around $6 a glass. Coming from DC, this seemed fairly reasonably priced.   We were brought to our table where the waitress explained to us how the table would be charged. We had a $200 minimum and then would be charged for and then anything else purchased (either bar drinks or from the tap) would be added on top of that price. There is a electronic monitor that is supposed to identify for your how much you are spending. Unfortunately, a couple of things at our table weren't working. The electronic monitor was tracking someone else's table and our table tap didn't work, which to us, eagerly wanting to use the tap, made the table far less appealing. I requested that we could be released from the table obligation given the issues, but we weren't allowed to but they did reduce our minimum down to $150, although we made the price up by not being able to track the cost of our spending with the broken monitor.   So there's the bad, but there is PLENTY of good. The atmosphere and setup is great. The band on top of the bar was amazing. The music was live and all country. Totally topnotch. Perhaps a bit too loud, but I think that'll eventually get sorted-out. The table (if it was working) was fun especially since it was Foosball table.   Overall it was fun--- I'd go back and try it again. However, given the issues, I'd probably forgo the table.
2 I was excited to come check out Whiskey Row...And unfortunately I am not impressed.  It was rather douchey, not very country and just lacked any kind of appealing ambiance.  The bright yellow lights on the wall spelling "TIP IT ON BACK" were rather glaringly annoying.  The bartenders were not very pleasant, charming or energized.  I had one beer with my friend as we watched two 'interesting' bachelorette parties, some drunk golfers, and some other random gals wearing tutus...like I said not exactly country.  After that we decided it was time to move on to the next watering hole...not sure this spot is for me.
4 Not a country fan at all but my friend convinced me to go along  because Georgia Chrome (a country cover band) plays songs on Thursday night. Arrived around 930 and I was glad there wasn't a cover (at the time). Not sure if they charge a cover afterwards.  Area is very nice, very clean and tv screens everywhere. Staff was very friendly and I was able to seat myself and 2 other friends comfortably. Ordered the grilled cheese with fries as a side (you can substitute any side for the soup). I was very impressed with the sandwich - it had 3 types of cheese combined with jam and it tasted awesome. Fries were better than the standard bar food. I also tried my friend's tomtato/pesto mozzarella sandwich - I recommend that as well.  The band plays on top of the bar on a stage and they sound really good. Didn't recognize any of their songs but they did play some cover some mainstream songs like "Don't Stop Believin'" so I was able to sing along to that I guess. Had a great time and I'd definitely come back again.
3 It was packed at lunch time on a Sunday, we got the last booth in the place. This place is surprisingly smaller than I thought it would be or maybe I didn't expect there to be that many people...all people under 30 years old. The food...everything on the menu looked good. But after a week of fried foods, I decided to have "Veggie Row" which consisted of raw and streamed veggies, hummus and a chick pea concoction...all on a school lunch tray...I'll post a picture. My husband ordered some sort burger that was considered a speciality because of it's sauce...but it didn't come out with any sauce and when he asked the waitress about it she said "it's supposed to have sauce on it" and then she just stood there...my husband said "well, can I get some sauce on the side now?" My teenage daughter seemed a bit uncomfortable in the place and when I asked how she liked her fried pickle burger she said "this place reminds me of a country Hooters"....very well described.
4 Music is fun...high tops suck. Be sure to get a booth with the beer taps.
3 Went there for the first time for Lunch with co-wokers great place LOTS of TV's and open space. We sat at the bar and the waitress was on it! I believe her name was Dani. Had the Grilled Chicken Breast with Broccolini Succotash it was really good! look forward to trying a few more things off the menu
5 I'm not much for reviewing but this place is awesome. This is a new standard in food and entertainment. Very different from the unique stage above the bar to the drink taps at the table. Overall the people were nice and courteous. Food was very good. It was date night with my wife and we had a great time.
4 The food here is fantastic! We started with the Southern Fries, they are hand cut fries with chicken, bbq sauce and bleue cheese dressing on them. The fries are absolutely delectable and 1 is plenty to share between 3 or 4 people.  I had the grilled cheese for my meal and substitued sweet potato chips for the tomato soup.  I added the candied bacon to my sandwich and I'm glad I did because it was some of the best bacon I have ever had. I can't wait to go back and have the grilled cheese again the twang of the goat cheese paired with the sweetness of the onion jam is amazing.  For dessert there we had Strawberry Shortcake. It was very good, and not too sweet.  The service was great! The only issue I had was if you're short and they seat you at one of the tables or the bar it's kind of uncomfortable because there isn't a bar high enough on the chair for your feet but other than that, my experience was very good!
5 I was out visiting my brother. Not a huge country fan, but had the best time ever. Food and drinks were creative and delicious!! We had a great time and would go back again and again. Staff was friendly and very attentive.
1 Food is good service is ok until I got the bill which was 102.00 which I gladly handed over my debit card and was told we need to run you driver license also because you spent over 100.00. I have never heard of such a thing I was born & raised here in Scottsdale & go to many bars. But this one will be last on my list of visiting again.
3 Never heard of the guy who owns the place, but stopped in just before their happy Hour ended (3-6pm). After HH, you will pay through the nose for cocktails (except beer). Lots of flies outside this time of year, so would be better to sit inside. The place is smaller than it appears on the outside, but has a nice wrap-a-round bar that was almost full on happy Hour. They have nine appetizers, but only like 3 of them are on special. Tried the shot and a beer deal for 5 bucks (normally $9). One shot of blueberry moonshine and half a beer of Blue Moon (five other choices available). It was a sweet choice, but had to try the moonshine whisky in a whisky bar right? The servers are obviously the best part - Scottsdale's finest decked out in incredibly tight shorts and half shirts and all under 25 years old. Tough to swallow when your date is nearly double their age. Seems like a nice place for future daytime drinking, just wish the HH would go to 7pm.
3 So sorry to hear about JDs experience at Whiskey Row... We went last night and had a decent time, but it's definitely not a place for children. What many people don't understand is that Dierks Bentley doesn't own this restaurant (well, maybe less than 5% of it), just like Mr Wolfley doesn't own Wolfies. The names are bought like brands to bring in customers. Im not sure about Toby Keiths, but I do know they are very family friendly and one is opening up in Peoria on Northern and Loop 101 before the fall. I hope JD and his family will visit and enjoy.
1 Reservation for 8 at 6pm. Seated half the party at 5:50, didn't receive any service, not even waters, until remainder of guests arrived at 6:15. This is a beer bar. Their tables have taps built in, yet they hire waitresses that do not drink or know beer and could not give valid descriptions of beer on menu. Everyone ordered dinner. 7 plates arrived together. Last meal arrived TWENTY TWO minutes later, after being told by several employees "it will be right out". Because the fish went from frozen to deep fried, it was not good, and was not eaten. Comping that meal was a given. But what about the other seven meals that got cold as we politely awaited the last meal of our party? You couldn't offer a discount? A free round of drinks? Dessert? Nothing?  I assumed this was a country bar with country music, country dancing, and a country atmosphere. Not so much. Every television had the UFC fight on. Ultimate review: Typical, Trendy, Scottsdale bar.
4 Now this is a Must Try and a Cool experience overall!!  First time and we were amazed to see that they have 4 taps of beer and a hard liquor at each table you sit at, different taps at each table.  You pay by the ounce of beer or liquor you dispense, so remember to pace yourself lol, oh and you can reserve tables if you have a preference of liquor.  Tried the Grilled cheese with bacon and an egg (AMAZING), fried pickly burger was very tasty and I loved the Vanilla Bean Lemonade drink, unusual but refreshing. A unique experience unlike any other and overall very friendly and welcoming staff, GREAT JOB!
4 Meatball burger is amazing!  I asked for a side of BBQ Ranch for my fries... do it!    Tried the Mac N' Cheese Burger at a previous visit and won't do that again... The menu says "Enough Said", that leaves off the fact they put a relish on and also some sort of thousand island spread... Not the surprises I like, but ate it anyway because I was starving.  Best place to have drinks and party with friends, but not my 1st choice for food.
5 LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I came here with a few other people on a weeknight. We were immediately greeted and ready to be served whenever. The drinks were awesome despite the fact that I don't care for whiskey much. The New Fashion and Smuttynose were my favorites. The tables have beer and liquor on tap for you to kind of do like a self-serve options. Very cool. While it's a western bar and some people get into it with cowboy boots galore, not everyone dresses up western style so don't be worried!! I plan to come back here.
1 We went last night (around 10pm) thinking we'd hear live music on a sat night(nope) and almost a non existent dance floor! Waited line for 20min and watched several girls with Mini dresses gain VIP access and bump our place back in line! I'd go back for day drinking and to try lunch only because I love DB music!
4 I was NOT impressed the first time I came here. It was crowded, I had to fight like the dickens to get a drink from the bar. And an annoying mix of greasy douches, clubgirls and obvious tourists trying to be country-trendy.  I can't say it was much different the second time around except that this time I was buzzed by the time I got there and I had my crew with me. So we could have been at a leper colony and still would have had a blast.   Georgia Chrome was cranking out live tunes and they had very nice girls feeding us whiskey from the bar. So several beers and some moonshine later we wound up having a damn good time. It turns out I'm a decent two-stepper....who knew?  While this still isn't my first idea of a good time I would come again, but here's some advice:  -Have a few drinks elsewhere first. I don't recommend coming here until you're a little   buzzed.  -Have a sense of humor and be prepared for crowds  -Ladies: There are a plethora of sleazy guys here who WILL hit on you. -Guys: There are a plethora of sleazy dudes who will not hesitate to hit on your girl  -As Blake Shelton would put it, the more you drink, the more fun you will have. The    moonshine is your express ticket to drunken funness but although it's not the real    stuff, you will hurt the next day.  Good times, worth checking out if you take the above precautions.
3 I don't think I'm a fan of this bar... The food is awful, for one. I came for happy hour with a group of friends and we tried multiple items on the menu and none of them tasted any good! I'm a foodie so I was really disappointed (the menu sounded really good with creative items, they just tasted awful). The drinks were better and reasonably priced.   We came back another night to see if it would be a better experience than happy hour, which it was. They had a really fun band that night and the stage is above the bar so it was pretty cool. It was definitely crowded so my only complaint would be the lack of space. There were hardly any tables, so I would think there would be more space for standing and walking but there really wasn't. People were constantly running into me. All in all, I'm sure I will return, as I enjoyed the band, atmosphere (for the most part), and location.
1 Worst service ever during lunch time. Food sucks no actual flavor. I ordered BLT and it was nothing special. I complained to the manager Courtney who was talking to the bartender and asked me not to disturb her. Way to go for the hospitality in scottsdale, never expected it. Never come again.
2 I don't get out much so when a friend suggested we have a girls night, I immediately thought about checking this place out. I'm a big country fan and the thought of dancing the night away to country music got me really excited. Unfortunately, this place sucked. It was a Friday night and it was crowded. The dance floor is SO SMALL!! What kind of country bar has a small dance floor?? We literally walked in, walked to the other side, then walked out. My friend perfectly described the atmosphere as a "college house party" where it's crowded, you don't really know anybody and you don't know what to do with yourself. All I saw were people standing tightly next to each other, holding a beer and making conversation. Ugh, I came here to dance!
4 I heard about this place from a friend who said they had Beer taps on their tables...wait, what?!  I had to check this out for myself.  So, I invited a bunch of colleagues to meet after work for happy hour.  I reserved one of these tables online via their website.  We arrived and lo and behold....there are BEER TAPS ON THE TABLE!!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dierks-bentleys-whiskey-row-scottsdale?select=kiB0dPVKVgs_o1eS0_1xmg#kiB0dPVKVgs_o1eS0_1xmg  Our server informed us that to activate the tap, we have to put a credit card down and then we can freely pour ourselves or she can pour for us.  There's an iPad on the table that's connected to the tap system that shows the consumption of each type of alcohol on the tap.  You pay by the ounce.  We were super excited and we all grabbed pints and started pouring from the tap.  We were like little kids opening a Christmas present....we had giddy smiles and big eyes...it's not hard to get a group of men excited about Beer.  We watched the meter on the iPad grow as we poured more and more Beer.  There's also a tap that has a Fireball-like Whiskey for shots....later in the evening shots happened.  In between all of the drinking, we tried the Chicken Sliders, which were very good and Fried Pickles, which looked like the Fried Silkworms in China I ate a few years ago. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dierks-bentleys-whiskey-row-scottsdale?select=3qkz8IWe_fjfTsuxy2WO1w#3qkz8IWe_fjfTsuxy2WO1w http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dierks-bentleys-whiskey-row-scottsdale?select=RaSVVf-aofwsYa4wegy2Ag#RaSVVf-aofwsYa4wegy2Ag http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dierks-bentleys-whiskey-row-scottsdale?select=CXACN95KwUK8G7GoWpWQ-A#CXACN95KwUK8G7GoWpWQ-A  The service was so/so throughout the evening.  Our server went from attentive to a disappearing act...they're really young and inexperienced here, so it's to be expected.  The vibe and atmosphere is very Old Town Scottsdale....it's a party place.  As the night goes on, the more of a party it becomes.  We left around 8 pm and people were starting to show up for the later activities.  Overall, it's a pretty fun place.  Return Factor - 90%
2 Came here on a Thurs night with friends for Happy Hour. We arrived at 5:45 (as proof via our texts alerting each other we had arrived), we sat at a table to the rear of the bar. We sat and waited a while...watching our waitress walk by numerous times. When she finally got to us we ordered drinks and asked for Happy Hour food menus. Once again we waited...and wait. She finally arrived with our drinks & we were ready to order but she dropped of our drinks and hurried away despite our attempts to give her our food order. After watching her walk past our table again & again we FINALLY flagged her down to place our order...only to be told "Happy hour ended 5mins ago" :( We tried to reason with her but she pretty much blew us off stating there was nothing she could do. Fine! We ordered anyway. But after sitting there stewing for a minute we decided to speak to the Manager. The only reason, I gave 2 stars is due to the manager being so gracious and accommodating. He gladly gave us HH pricing once we explained the situation. Thinking that now the waitress would surely be more attentive considering that we had spoken to her manager but NOPE!! Our service only got worse. While she was polite, she was just very absent minded and oblivious to things like empty cocktails.   The food was mediocre at best. The smothered fries were great but everything else was greasy (not in the good way) and bland. Such a disappointment cause I was really excited about the menu.   In addition to the bad service and blah food, we thought it was odd that it was Football Season and they didn't have the NFL game on the big screen...instead of a loop of advertisements for the bar. We finally left to go watch the game elsewhere.
3 Layout and design: 5/5. Attention to detail and concept are great. Although many knocked off ideas from around town, they incorporate well.  Cleanliness: 0/5. Cigarette butts, ashes, sticky tables, chairs, greasy had prints on every window, out of soap in the bathroom, torn and dirty menus. But hey, they have cloth napkins!!!  Intro: 2/5. No hostess. got carded. Me & MOD.  ME: can we get a table?  MOD: yes she'll be here in a second.  ME: Can we take an outdoor table? MOD: Sure, just take that one ME: ok, thanks then the slow tiktok of awaiting service ME: can we get a server? MOD: we only have 2 on today. ME: (in my head... poor Dierks, he has no clue they are destroying his name)  Service: 3.5/5.  The server was good, made some good recommendations. looked awake and not hungover (in short - bathed).  Food: 4/5. It was pretty damn good. I had the half chicken. Juicy, great skin, white sauce was stellar. Appetizer was the chips and dip, again great dip and sweet potato chips. (20 minutes later, food all done and plates gone, another round of food showed up. same order! bad communication)  Drinks: 2/5. Stick with the beer list.   Overall: As we can see from Yelp trends, it was a quick hit (a month ago, and quickly began to sink).  This happens due to poor management and lack of training. Seems to be a place you would see on Bar Rescue in 6 months. NOT because of food, but because they are confused as to their target market. Targeting the "club goers, the pool peeps, the sunday rollers". I'm sure the change of mgt will happen sooner than later though. I just don't understand why, when there are 20 people in the place, that it can't be clean(er). Cell phones away and if you are leaning, you can be cleaning.   Too many places in OT are trying to be Hollywood/Vegas. YOU CAN'T! Bring it back to the roots. Stop with the Roid Freak Security using intimidation to somehow make the venue seem cooler. T&A is always great, but if they lack skill and common-sense, you will lose money in the long and short run. The cooler the bartender, the more booze that is sliding through. Liquor and food costs are probably running 35-45% each. Hollywood/Vegas is known for red ropes and attitude. Scottsdale? Stop Already!   So, is DBWR a country bar? a restaurant? a dance club? a mixture of all the above? I will be back for the food, but I will choose time and days better - maybe call ahead to ask how many servers are on and if they have cleaned!
4 Came here while in town for a country concert.  What better way to start our day.  Everything was great.  The service was amazing from the time we walked in the door.  We were sat at a table and to our surprise there is a beer and whiskey tap at the table.  You pay by the ounce and there is a screen to show you what you've drank.  The food we had was great.  The whiskey burger was my favorite.  For you country fans this is a must when in Scottsdale!
5 Always crowded and a lot of fun.  Their burgers are great and I love their selection of beers.
5 At first I thought it this place was just gonna be another bar in old town Scottsdale, but the food is actually really good, had the mac n cheese burger, and they also have quite a few unique drinks, got the cow tipper.  All the times that I have gone they have good music, if not a live band playing, and the Manager that has helped us several times, Courtney, always makes sure that the food and service is up to par... hopefully it stays fun and doesn't die out like a lot of places do in old town....One thing to keep in mind if you get a table inside, is that the beer/whiskey dispenser at the table charges per ounce and can add up pretty quickly!!
5 Me and a bunch of friends (40ish) were part of a pub crawl/scavenger hunt in Old Town Scottsdale this past weekend. We ended it at Whiskey Row.   When setting up and doing the planning for the pub crawl we reached out to the manager at each stop. Most were very nice, one was an absolute DOUCHE but Courtney at Whiskey Row went above and beyond to really make the group feel welcomed. She made certain every detail was taken care of to make our event successful and that everyone had a great time.  The "Douche" was going to be our last stop but all things considered we decided to not spend our money or time there (if you are ever "shipwrecked" you do NOT want to be stranded here) and made Whiskey Row our final stop. This was a rock solid decision!!   One of the COOLEST things I have ever seen were the beer taps on the tables...kind of like playing a video game and winning beer. There was even a tap on the table for vodka, my personal favorite when it comes to alcohol. The food was very good...had concerns when I read some reviews. We had the wings, corn dogs, artichoke dip, their specialty fries and the deep fried pickles. I didn't find anything I didn't like and truth be told no dish returned to the kitchen with any food on it. Think one or two of the guys may have liked the plates clean.  When we set up the event we had no idea there was a "block party" and that there was a special event for UFC that night at Whiskey Row. it didn't make a difference...we were well taken care of and no glass went empty for long even if ordering from the wait staff.  Overall a FUN place with lots to look at, either people watching (lots of day drinkers at the pools in the area congregate here in the evening and make for a good show) or staff getting up on the bar to dance and serve shots without the assistance of any glassware.  Was my first time there and won't be my last...huge screen on one wall and lots of televisions, guessing it will be a great place to catch football this fall.
5 I have been to Whiskey Row a couple of times, once for lunch and once for a night out.   I had a Tomato and Pesto Mozzarella sandwich with Chicken. It was awesome! Everything on the menu looked great and I can't wait to go back to try more of what they have to offer. It's my understanding that their Executive Chef came from the Phoenician and as you can tell when you order from the menu she brought her quality of food with her.   My experience at night was a positive one as well. It was extremely crowded and I had to wait in line for about 15 minutes but it was definitely worth it. Once I got inside Courtney was my bartender. She was not only quick to serve me but did it with a smile. She helped to recommend drinks and made sure that my glass was never empty. As someone who has a customer service background I noticed that not only was she making me feel like a valued customer but she was able to serve many others with the same geniune attention and service with a smile.   The only thing I would change about my experience wasn't the staff who served me or the food & beverages I ordered but the overall layout. I wish the dance floor was bigger and the bar itself had a little more room.   It's a great bar and a fun place to hang out. I will be sure to visit again!
5 First time I've ever been to whisky row was today on a college football Saturday.  You don't ever expect much on that type of day. This place went over and above every expectation I had. Great service, great atmosphere, great music, great food and great hiring they did a really good job of hiring great looking, and quality bartenders(girls).  The manager was awesome and made sure we were well taken care of.  If you are ever in the Scottsdale area I would absolutely recommend paying a visit to whisky row and at the very least grabbing a few drinks.  Take it from someone that knows a little about football and bars
1 I would give this place zero stars if I could. The service was terrible for a football Sunday when there really wasn't that many people there. Just another overpriced bar in old town with nothing special to offer. They also overcharged for my food but we didn't feel like waiting around for it to be changed on the bill. Back to my dive bar!!
5 Been here many times and once again they don't fail to impress! Great band tonight Ryan Bexley!!! go here if you are looking for great country music and a different vibe in Scottsdale!
4 Upon entering Dierks Bentleys bar my friend and I were very impressed with the decor and friendly staff. We were greeted promptly and made to feel comfortable with a helpful bartender. My friend was visiting from Seattle and couldn't get over the beer and liquor taps that are accessible at each table. Initially we sat at the bar but he was anxious to get to a table to enjoy the freedom of pouring his own beer.        Unfortunately there were no tables available so we continued to sit at the bar and enjoy the lively atmosphere. The hostess was aware we were interested in sitting at a table and was keeping us in the loop. We were pleasantly surprised when the manager Courtney came over to us and took us over to a table. She was very friendly and made us feel welcome. We then proceeded to order the grilled cheese and tomato soup and it was delicious!!        We had an awesome bar back named Matt that came over to talk to us and see how we were doing. We appreciated the great and attentive service we received while dining at dierks Bentley. I would highly recommend this restaurant/bar to anyone seeking a highly atmospheric location.
1 I would consider myself a bit country, and enjoy a good country bar.  Although Toby Kieth's I love this Bar and Grill is a little mainstream, I would consider it my favorite.  I had a lot of expectations because of Toby's, none of which were met.  I should have turned around and left when I got to the bar, ordered a Bud Light and a shot of Jack, and she laughed and said "we don't like Bud Light here".  I told her I didn't care what she liked, and she said "we don't have any Budweiser here".  HUGGGHHHHHHH?!?!  I get beer contracts and distributorships, but not having Budweiser at a country bar??  I grabbed my Coors Light, against my wishes, and took a walk.  I didn't find much that even came close to impressing me.    I found a tiny, and I MEAN TINY dance floor in the back which doubles as a main walkway to get in and out of the bathrooms.    The main bar in the middle is packed and lacks proper staffing.  It's almost too big.  The crowd is the standard, typical Scottsdale crowd that don't know squat about country, that probably wondered over from one of the other trendy hotspots.  There were more affliction t-shirts and high heels than button ups and cowboy boots.  Even the bartenders could use a lesson in western/country attire.  I couldn't tell who was out of place, the bar or the people.  There was a DJ mixing today's country hits.  Yes, I said mixing.  It's Scottsdale, what do you expect?  We were there for a birthday and had a reserved table, which do have taps in which you can pour your own beer....pretty cool.  However a majority of the space on the sides of the bar was taken up by these VIP tables.  Not ideal, by any means.  Overall I would never go back to this place.  I love Dierks and would have hoped he would have cared more about what he puts his name on, but the bar was packed and he obviously reaps the benefits of a full house.  Although the bar itself looked somewhat cool (if it were empty), it missed the whole country theme that Toby's has nailed.  If you want country (or Bud Light) stay far away.  Sorry Dierks.
4 I used to be a Scottsdale rat, but I quit that habit. Now I am more of a social Scottsdale drinker. I'll blame the girlfriend... she doesn't like going out and dancing and checking scantily clad women out. But really, this place is pretty cool for what it is. If you are wanting to get your 2-step on, stay away. I'd vote this place a BOMB for actual dancing. The floor is small and everyone there is not really "country dancing" anyways. This is Scottsdale - you twerk to anything including when the DJ equipment goes awry and is just static. If you want to country dance then head over to Denim and Diamonds (Mesa) or Whiskey Rose Saloon (Phoenix) - IMHO those have far better dance floors and more actual country happenings going on.  On the bright side if you come here to DBWR the bartenders will know how to make you a watered-down vodka-cran. The other places only know how to pop a beer or our you straight whiskey. Just messing, but this is Scottsdale - home to some of the worst bartenders who's life goals are to serve you water with a splash of your choice alcohol for $10.  With that all said, I still liked this place.
1 Will never go to this bar again... To anyone who reads this you will have a better time at toby keiths.. Sorry Dierks but your bar sucks.. From the employees to the layout of the so called eating areas... I had a party of 18+ got to whiskey row at 530pm on a sat because when I called the snobby girl who answered stated they DO NOT take reservations its a first come first serve because of the fight.. Okay I understand that, however it was not the case when I arrived hour before the party was to arrive and seen reservation signs on tables I asked a hostess and she stated for 200$ you can reserve your table well this was nice to know now however the girl on the phone was so rude she didn't explain anything about a $200 reservation.. So I put my name on a list to be seated was told approx. 1hr and 15mins to 1hr and 30 mins... 2 hours go by and still nothing.. now its 730pm and I have 18+ people just standing around waiting...I ask how much longer she says about 20 mins...well at about 830pm she says we will not be getting a seat because people are just waiting for the main event to start.. wtf so a party of 18 going to eat and drink isn't going to generate more $$$ than people just sitting ordering a drink here and there so they can stay... Make a long story short this was the worst customer service that I have ever received but what did I expect its snobsdale another reason why I never go to bars there.. Just wanted to give whiskey row a shot and it FAILED..My advice save your money don't go here if you want a real country bar that is fun and 3x the size go to tobys..and this was a bday party as well
4 We went the Whiskey Row this afternoon and had their Az. Restaurant week special.  I had the shrimp and grits, which was the best I have ever had.  Make it myself and it is not that good.  My hubby had the Meatball burger which is made with veal.  He said it was very good on flavor, roll, etc. but said it is too dry.  Needs some pork fat! Had the banana bread pudding for dessert.  It should be outlawed-yummmeeeee. Drinks were good, a little pricey, but we are on party row in Scottsdale.
4 I have so ambivalent feelings stepping inside WR. I do like the country of this place, even though it really isn't country at all. Not one bit, it is hip in disguise. Alittle hip hick if you like. Contemporary redneck swank, fashionable country chic or Hollywood hillbilly, I don't know.   I mean, I had fun here. But it really is an iconoclast and kitsch ripoff of what is praised as country, because none of the clientele would be caught dead in a real country dive. But then again, I might be one of them. Shit, I categorize anyone that vociferate a yee-haw as a degenerate.   BUT this place is happening and it has some of the standard traits of Scottsdale. One is hot vamps dancing on the bar pouring liquor in peoples mouths for tips. There is a dance floor that mostly contains club-hoppers that too drunk to know what bar they are in. But the overall vibe here is still nicer that most of the Scottsdale arena IMO.  I'd come back here.
2 Not impressed... Friday night and early in evening. Bartenders are too busy talking with each other than to serve their patrons.  I will not be returning.
5 I got the whiskey burger with grilled broccolini and an Alaskan ale! The server Michelle was fantastic and very helpful. She even came by to make sure I liked my beer that she recommended for me! You get carded coming in so make sure you have your id. There's tv's everywhere which are all hd and the sound is booming!
4 Tried a couple sliders, bloody Mary's, Mac & cheese and of course on-tap beers and enjoyed it all.  Bar is usually all 21+ but at early Sun. football games kids are OK.
2 Don't order a salad to go from here. I've had the kale and quinoa salad in the restaurant before and it was delicious. I ordered it to go and was not impressed. There was a very very thin layer of kale and quinoa with massive amounts of feta (which is not on the menu description) and dressing. I ordered it with shrimp so it came to $15 for a disgusting salad that I couldn't even eat. They turned a very healthy option into a fat covered mess.
4 Okay.  So, maybe this review has to do with how I'm not typicaly into country. Dont get me wrong, I'll listen to it, I'll sing along to it, and I'll drink whiskey from the bottle like a country girl......... but the crowd at this place. omg.  I wanted to murder whoever invented plaid. WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?! If it wasnt some white boy wearing plaid and boots (some of them attractive, yes) It was some strange girl in a mini skirt, and a sparkle tube top... what? Also, I had never seen a rhinestone belt, before this outing. I am thoroughly confused. Its got a very hick-LA feel if you ask me. lol  Anyways, this place was PACKED on a friday, and I loved the live band. I didnt love the drunk girls trying to two-step ontop of my feet, but was so entertained by the chaos that is WR I didnt complain too much. The service here can be a little slow, because it is so busy, but I guess you cant fault the bar for that.  I wouldnt come here for a mellow drink with a friend, but if you want to get blacked out drunk and wake up in a strangers bed the next morning... I think that this is the place for you.
2 Food...BOMB! Everything they do in the kitchen, they do right. Music is good and usually pretty loud.. Bring a group of people and sit at the bar. This is where you'll get served the fastest..servers make themselves scarce and don't talk much.  It's worth a trip, for fried pickles!
3 Maybe it is an Arizona thing, walk into this bar...half the people are wearing plaid the other half look like they are clubbing in skin tight dresses and too much makeup on. The first thing I said to my friend is WHERE IN THE WORLD ARE WE?! Great place for people watching, they had a live country band playing which was cool, but besides that it was an interesting mix of people.
2 The only thing I found interesting about the place was the self tap tables which I didn't sit at. The service was horrible, my Bloody Mary was disgusting, and the place was a sausage fest ( too many guys). Also I was extremely disappointed by the small dance floor. I knew Dierks Bently was a sellout when they opened their bar in old town Scottsdale. This place is not true to country roots at all.
2 Unprofessional. Really nice interior design though!
3 The reason: daughters 21st birthday  The Goal: Bar hop and PARTY!!   2nd Stop : Whisky Row  Its 10:30ish on a Sunday night and man can this place bring you down, this is not a hot spot yall. Maybe had 10 people in there, but for my daughter's 1st night out clubbing she liked the relaxed pace.  Bartenders are friendly and easy on the eyes, small dance floor, drinks were strong and just what the night needed.  We had fun here but lost  1/2 her party, something about having to work on a Monday haha.    I wouldn't mind coming back and checking Whisky Row out on a not so slow night, seems like it to could be fun place.
5 I don't know why this place was getting so many bad reviews. As a lover of country music I was super stoked when I found out about this place.   I ended up making the trek from Sun City to Scottsdale and let me tell you it was worth it. As soon as we walking in I smelled a wonderful aroma of vanilla and bourbon and the wonderful waitress informed me that it's their signature scent and they infuse it in the air. It was awesome!!  As we sat down we were greeted by a very nice server who gave us the run down of the place. I looked at the liquor menu and man was it extensive. It had a really great selection of whiskey's and bourbons which is to be expected. But they also had a really great selection of beer there.   My grandma ended up getting the Dierks' lemonade which had whiskey and strawberry lemonade in it. I tried some of it and it was the perfect thing to be drinking in the dry Arizona air. Now when I went I was sick and I wanted some whiskey. But I also wanted a beer. Luckily, the waitress had the perfect solution. BEER COCKTAIL! Usually when you get a beer cocktail the liquor over powers the beer and all the beer does is provide a fizz. Not this cocktail! It had blackberry whiskey, fresh blackberries, pbr and their house sour. Everything complimented each other so well. It made a fantastic cocktail.   By the time I got my food I was a little buzzed but I was really impressed with the food. It was all down south comfort food presented with a gourmet twist. The presentation was gorgeous and the taste was amazing!! I got a chicken salad wrap with tomato bisque. I think it was the best meal I had in Arizona. What was cool was that everything on their menu is really simple but they do it so well it tastes amazing!!  This is a pretty cool place. When I was asked to described this place I said it was a country gastropub. Which is pretty accurate. I kind of wish I could have visited this place on the weekend. It sounded pretty cool!1
2 Scottsdale Douche-bags male AND female, everywhere you look? Check. Arrogant "Im here for you when Im damn good and ready" bartenders? Check. Music so ridiculously loud your ears ring for three days afterwards? Check.  Thats Whiskey Row for ya!  PS. Really, Really,really ridiculously good looking women dancing on bar in short denim shorts and boots.... Not terrible. I will admit to that.
1 Whelp, there goes that 4-star review. If I had the ability I would give you 0-stars Mr. Bentley.  Let's go ahead and jump into this review. First off, I have been a Scottsdale rat since 2007. With the exception of 2013 I generally was the guy who knew all the places and their events. I was a promoter that wasn't a promoter - I was the guy who everyone asked to be their "guide" for Scottsdale since I knew where to get good deals and where the fun times were in Scottsdale. I knew bartenders and could, probably, get a few free drinks or discounts most places I went.  I guess I lost my touch since I stepped away for a year.  My experience on 20DEC13 was terrible. What was terrible? Well, I never even got inside so I can't even comment on the bar or anything else. So what could I be so angry about? Well, I'm mad about "classic Scottsdale," that's what.  This may sound a bit funny to most but I've always said that everyone could embody the EDM and country music scene then the world would be a better place. to me those two types of music exhibit some of the best human qualities - good times, respect, loyalty, love, unity, and friendship. So needless to say I like country music and I was excited to see that Scottsdale was getting more country there and for that matter, so was Phoenix (it seems like there isn't a lot of country bars here).  So what did I experience here last week? The worst type of Scottsdale douchebaggery I've ever seen. For starters, there were three lines. Most places have two - general and VIP. I totally understand this - if you paid extra for a bottle or a table or whatever then by all means go to the front of the line and get expressed in. However, what the fuck is this third, middle, line?  Well, I'll tell you what it was, it was the douchebag express line of greasers. Half those fuckers greased their way in. And if you don't know what greasing is, it is paying the bouncer to get in without wait. No checking ID, no wait, no nothing... just money... and go in. Even the damn VIP line who had tables and shit were getting held out! WTF!? The bouncers probably made bank there - probably more than I make at my engineering job in a week.  If this was some sort of swanky Scottsdale lounge then fine. But this is mother'fn country. Again, a place that I feel should embody respect. Every cowboy and cowgirl should be treated equally.   You know what the kicker was? My group and I even tried to grease our way in... the response? Our grease price wasn't high enough. Well holy hell, we have a high-rolling badass here (and BTW, we didn't offer no $20 either!)  We ended up waiting in the general line for about an hour. We got to the front and saw this absolute madness up-close and personal and said fuck it and jumped out of line and went over to Majerles where the bartender over there respected us and didn't skimp on the drinks at all.  I'm going to write Dierks personally and see if he knows or care what a melting-pot of douchebaggery his restaurant/pub/club has become.
1 Whiskey Blow does not deserve a Star!!    We sat in the bar for over 30 mins and had to literally  flag down this steroid junkie bartender.  he did took our drink orders but another 15 mins went by. . . .  nothing.  not sure if he forgot or he was too busy thinking about his next testosterone cycle.  the other bartenders just look right pass us like we did not exist. The place was not even crowded.  Total waste of time!!!
5 Can't get enough of this place.  I'm not the biggest country fan, but this place is growing on me.  HUGE bar and what's that ... taps at the tables?!  I'm not talking just beer, they have a wide selection of things you can get on tap right at your very table.  Live music above the bar and a great staff.
3 Sit inside. We say on the patio. At 5'5" tall my feet barely reached the footrest on my barstool. My feet dangled so my legs fell asleep.   Our waitress could use more training. She didn't get the details of our order correct (salad dressing on the side, etc.). Side salad served with my meal.  The food was good (Alabama chicken and buffalo chicken sandwich). The meal took a long time. Maybe not a big deal but we were on an hour and a half schedule and it was tight. Unexpected for a bar and grill.
4 Of all places for a country bar to open, Scottsdale is an interesting choice. I like this place particularly because of that very reason. If you've ever been to other country bars in Mesa, Glendale, Cave Creek. Most of the Scottsdale douche bags have given up on the bar and found their way next door to HiFi but I'm terrified they may return now that they're mixing country music with hiphop/EDM. Alcohol prices are very reasonable given the location, still waiting for a reason to try the food. I spoke briefly with a (Manager?) Courtney. I'm pretty sure she is one of the reasons (the mortar to the brick so to speak) this bar does so well after watching her work, as she's pretty on point about keeping it clean, stocking the bar and making sure everyone gets taken care of. Suggestions; next time you build a bar, don't design it so people stand around on the dance floor right in front of the bar. Keep playing the unmixed country music and bringing in Class A/B artists! Also couldn't hurt to try out the local talent!
2 I still cant get over why there's a country bar in Old Town, but I guess it has worked out for the owners. It'll be interesting to see how this place will fare when this country music trend dies out.  I've  only been 3 or 4 times since they've opened and I was dragged there each time kicking and screaming. Drinks are strong and that's about it... not sure how to two-step and they don't play anything but country. Not for me, but okay for other people.
1 This is not a good place. Take your money elsewhere as there are plenty of other options nearby. I've been coming to Scottsdale for about 10 years now and this past weekend I was assaulted by the bouncers at Whiskey Row for no reason whatsoever, completely unprovoked. These guys are complete punks as it was me against 8 of them. I've spent a lot of money here and am still in disbelief about what happened. I write a blog and a column in Los Angeles reviewing bars and nightclubs and will be writing an article about his place soon.
4 Finally a place in Old Town where I know the words to the songs (in stark contrast to the techno madness I hear everywhere else). I really like this place. The J.I.M.B.O. redneck cocktail is a new fave of mine. Wish they'd bottle it in inconspicuous packaging so I could have it all the time.  The Southern fries made my life. I have been thinking about them for days now. Soooo good.  Love the open, airy layout of the place. Very laid back.  For Scottsdale, of course.
5 This place is SO COOL. The theme is great and the decor match the theme perfectly. The bar tenders were extremely nice and greeted us/ seated us/ served us so fast. Although this is western themed, you do not have to dress in the garb. Any outfit will due. I never drink whisky so asked the bartender to serve me his favorite and even though I do not like whiskey, I really enjoyed the drinks. This bar is the first bar that I have seen where there are taps on each of the tables so you are able to serve yourself as much (or as little) beer  as you would like (it automatically calculates the total based on how many ounces are served). Also, the tables double as games so you can drink eat and play at the same time.
1 Colleagues and myself had lunch here before leaving PHX a few days ago...we walked in to find only a couple of tables occupied -that might have been the first clue, however it was already around 12:30 pm on a Thursday so we gave them the benefit of the doubt on that one.  The hostess turned out to also be the waitress and the bartender because apparently there was no one else around. It took a good 15-20 minutes before we were able to order drinks, then it took another 15 minutes before they showed up, and that was after I told her we were on a tight deadline to get to the airport.   We ordered the fried pickles as appetizers - HORRIBLE barely describes them. They had been fried earlier and apparently stuck in the microwave to warm up because the coating was rubbery and greasy. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich - 2 small pieces of grilled chicken with barely a smear of buffalo sauce, the fries - no exaggeration here, had clearly been fried earlier and dunked in oil again. They were oil soaked and dark and definitely not fresh.  The only item that looked vaguely decent was the Quinoa salad, however, one of the girls didn't get her shrimp with it as she ordered and it wasn't until she was done eating that they showed up - they were kind enough not to charge us for them.  Overall very disappointing  - service was lacking, food was bad, not a place I ever plan to set foot in again.  I think Dierks should probably stick to music and leave the food to someone else!
4 Alright so a country bar in old town, interesting? Yes. I think it adds variety to the many EDM and hip hop clubs and bars in old town.  I came on a Sunday night and it was easy to get in. The security at the front were friendly and nice.   My friends chose this place to chill at before heading to Maya, and it wasn't bad. We drank and danced. The crowd there was very respectful and a couple of guys taught us how to country dance, the basic two step - really fun and cute! Better than bumpin' and grindin' at the clubs.   It's interesting just to sit at a table and watch people dance. Really creative moves! Lots of throwing and twirling and flipping, goodness gracious!   It's a pretty friendly and chill environment and atmosphere. Not desperate or hungry like the club or usual bar vibe.   There's lots of free seating outside on the patio, as well as inside around the bar.   The bathrooms were dirty though and unkept, which is usually rare for a place in old town. I found this very odd. There also wasn't an attendant in the ladies room, but apparently there's one in the men's room. Also, odd for old town.   Our drinks were mixed well and I loved their whiskey variety and cocktails, some interesting concoctions! They were priced the same as anywhere else in old town.  The DJ was alright, but since I'm not a connoisseur in country music, there's not much I can say there. :P
5 How much fun is this place! They have beer taps at the table! Totally awesome. It weird reading others reviews about a country bar being here, like no ones heard of country?  Its not that unusual. It not like they opened an opera bar or something.  Im not a huge country music fan, but i do enjoy some, and i had a blast here.   You must order the chicken wings! !!!!!!!! Holy smokes, these are good. Not the traditional small party wings like most places, but the big ones. You know, like the size of real chickens. Anyway, their twist on buffalo sauce was amazing. Not to spicy at all and full of flavor, almost a hint of a tomato base. Absolutely delicious.    The beer on tap is awesome,  you serve yourself. Genius! They charge by the oz. And you never wait for a refill or have to wait for a waitress.  I've never seen this before and think its extremely brilliant. Wait staff is awesome and the service was great, even on a packed Friday night
1 Seriously, why in the heck am I updating this review when I vowed to never come back here after blacklisting this place. Well, as you have it I went to Scottsdale last weekend and the group outvoted me so I played along (not without a drunken rant about how anywhere in Scottsdale is better than Whiskey Row).  In general, my opinion still stands of Whiskey Row. There was still three lines but this time we did get in. And as you have it we did try to grease our way in but were denied (just so you know, the going rate is +$20 per person). Just for the record I wanted no part in greasing my way into an establishment that I didn't want to go into anyways but my group tried anyways - you know how much more alcohol you can buy for $20 at some of the "less popular" places in Scottsdale? Yeah, I know that I sound like an alcoholic so leave me alone.  In any case we did get in. The place is a swamp both figuratively and literally. When I was finally admitted in I headed straight for the restroom. First off, line for the dudes. Not many places can claim this but WR does it quite well. Always a line, and this is of course completely true for the ladies too. My girlfriend reported that the women's bathroom was flooded. Gross. Nothing like a bunch of catty broads swimming their way through the bathroom - hope you wore a miniskirt and not your $200 boot cut  jeans! In short I can't believe that Whiskey Row has such a small bathroom. No thanks.  The dance floor is an absolute joke. JOKE. It is nothing more than a clusterfuck and I am pretty sure I have more room in my family room than this dance floor. Add in everyone hammmered drunk and this is a bonafide disaster. No thanks.  Once out of the bathroom we tried to get a drink at the bar. Nope. Slow service. And not only that... no Coors or Budweiser. What the hell? Where the hell am I? how the hell do you not have those two domestics... not even in bottle? WTF? What the hell is everyone drinking in here - catfish water? No thanks.  In short, there is still nothing appealing to me about this place - you have long waits to get in, the dance floor is one of the worst (even for bullshit dancing, much less country dancing), the bar is slow, the bar is dry, the bathrooms are dirty, and the drink prices aren't all that appealing. The only thing this place has going for it is that it plays country - and I love country.  Final result - this place is on my perma-perma ban list. If my party wants to go here they can but I'll go somewhere else by myself before going back in here.
4 We had a great time here with bottle service of course!   I only had drinks, didn't try the food. The drinks were great, they make them stiff, which is always better than weak. (unless you're into that sort-of thing)... They have beer taps at the tables! which is sweet.  Love the live band that plays above the bar.  Pretty sweet. If we ever come back to Scottsdale, we will be back!
3 I'm  not a country fan. My friends are... they liked this place.  I do have to say, the pay per ounce beer seating looked damn cool, I do want to try that if I go back.  The "red bull" vodka did NOT taste like Red Bull, but I guess that could have just been me.  They have an extensive list of beers and great indoor / outdoor seating. I may go back next time I'm in Scottsdale and I'm getting dragged around.
4 Live band is cool. Bar hoes are hot.  What else can you ask for? More fat people!
3 The food (lunch) was a bonus and pretty good for being 1 step above bar-fare....however, there is allot to look at. All of the waitresses are beautiful, half naked, look like they aren't a day over 21 and spend 23 hrs a day in the gym and tanning. I'd go here again for the view alone; and have the chicken sandwich and a fried pickle just to make it look like I came for lunch.
4 Went for my wife's 40th Birthday.  We made reservation with Chelsea for VIP Party Bottle Service.  Having not done bottle service before, Chelsea was patient and explained everything to me. Thanks to a cancelation, we were able to get a larger booth.  We had 10 in our group and we were very comfortable in our booth.    The crowd is very young and the place was packed (cheek to cheek) on a Saturday night.  We arrived at 10 and I was very happy that we had done the bottle service. The dance floor is very small not very well laid our for a country bar. All of the ladies in our group ended up dancing on the table.  They had a great time.  The bathrooms are undersized (4-holes in the men's room) for a club of this size.  Drinks were reasonably priced.  Our waitress was very busy, as would be expected in a hot Scottsdale club on a Saturday night, but she kept us hydrated.  The only complaint that I have is that they have these cool table taps.  Well the taps have been shut down because of some many problems with the metering device.  Our hostess Chelsea offered to turn them ON, but warned that we would be responsible and that there have been problems.  Kudos for shutting them down and not continuing to screw-people over, but get the damn thing fixed.  This is a very Scottsdale trendy spot (juiced up bouncers, hot little waitresses, too much Affliction-wear and young ladies in platform heels), with a mix of country music.  The DJ did a good job of keeping the dance floor (all 20' x 20' of it) packed all night.  I would recommend Whiskey Row as a great place to party if you like modern country music.  If you are looking for Jennings and Cash / Ropers and Wranglers, Jack Daniels and PBR this isn't your place.
5 Went for lunch late on a Wednesday afternoon. The place was just about empty so we sat right away and were highly attended to. The atmosphere is incredible; love the design of the place. Complete with a dj booth, elevated dance floor, tables with their own taps (you pay by the oz), and tvs everywhere. The music is constantly playing (and is country obviously).  The menu is great as well, something for everyone. I had the fried pickle burger which was fantastic! Even the fries were especially good: crispy and seasoned just how I like em. They also have a pretty expansive beer menu.  Great place for families with children during the day/afternoon, however, I'm not sure about later at night. The place looks like it could get pretty crazy! For those looking for good night life, this would probably be a good time! They were voted best night life in the area and best country bar. I would definitely go back!  Update:: Went back the next day for dinner and it was every bit of amazing as it was for lunch. Try Dierks Lemonade, one of their signature cocktails... So good! Also, the BBQ pulled chicken sandwich is delicious as well. It seems you can't go wrong here!
5 The food wasn't good, the fries were burnt my Mac n cheese was super greasy the fried pickles were not worth a penny but the service was phenomenal.. I'm giving it 5 stars based on the nights so much fun.. Free shots, cool bar tenders, amazing drinks and great music!
5 Oh man I love this bar. They have Mason jars, Coors light, Mason jars, and lots of pretty girls everywhere. Man I love this place. If you love COUNTRY MUSIC and ENORMOUS TOTS you gotta come here. I guarantee you'll get a blumpkin, I know I did yeehaw!!!!!!
1 No a classy venue. Wait staff is not pleasant, and food is not very good. The crowd this place attracts is truly the problem. Not a good atmosphere
5 Always a good time. For food, their grilled cheese and tomato soup is a must. Cocktails are served in mason jars.  For nightlife, it's just awesome. I love country music so it's great when Georgia Chrome is there playing live.   A little disappointing for the Cave Creek folk I would imagine to see such a small dance floor and so few legitimate country fans... Zero two-stepping too, unless you want to be mowing people down. But altogether a fantastic addition to OldTown.
3 At the end of the day I think I would have liked this place better if I would have stopped in for HH...or brunch...or a weeknight...or w/just a few friends. Basically, I just think coming here w/14 other girls on a Saturday night for a bachelorette party, although super fun, is also kind of a chore.   I really do like the place itself. It's a really big area, and I like that the bar wraps around like a square and that there's plenty of bartenders. If dancing's your thing the dance floor seems pretty big as well.  Like I said, we came for a bachelorette party, and although I didn't personally take care of any of the details, there were a couple small snafus. First, when we called to book a table (this I was actually present for) we were told that we didn't "have" to get bottle service, but would probably have to pay some sort of minimum on drinks. They would contact my friend who personally spoke to someone "soon" to go over the details. It took somebody a couple weeks to get back to her, but when they did they did inform her we would in fact have to get the "minimum" bottle service. Honestly, it really wasn't that big a deal. Like I said, there was 14 of us, and the minimum bottle service was $200 (we got Grey Goose), plus they would throw in a round of shots.   We got the table for 10 o'clock. However, when we showed up we were told we didn't have it until 10:45. Again, I didn't personally take care of this detail, but they did scramble to get us a table ASAP (it took about 20 min).   Overall, we had no major issues, and I thought this place was fun. When we left the line to get in was around the corner, and if I were to just randomly come here on a Saturday night I don't think waiting in a long line to get in would be worth it.   I'd like to come back sometime to try the taps at the tables.
4 First time here. The patio is cool and service has been great (our server's name is Alex & she's been awesome!). Just enjoying a couple of pitchers and people watching. It's pretty chill & I much prefer that to the scene across the way. I don't even mind the country music :) Will have to come back & try some food!
1 Rudest bouncer and manager ever!!! Definitely discriminated because of age. Will never go back here.
5 Went yesterday for brunch.  The chicken fried steak was outstanding.  If you like Nutella, try the stuffed french toast.  The portions are large which is what I would expect from a country themed bar and everything was reasonably priced.
2 I had high hopes and expectations when I was invited to Dierks' new bar for a bachelor/bachelorette party.  I know we are in AZ, Scottsdale, but I thought it was a country bar and it ain't!  Its a typical Scottsdale crowd bar. I knew, that because it was Scottsdale, people would be in shorts and t-shirts.   I was still hoping it was a little country so I put on my big boy pants (wranglers) a polo shirt and my Dan Post lace ups to try and be very casual. We were overdressed. Most people barely had clothing on.  Most had tanks, shorts, & flip flops.  UGH, flip flops in a bar?  Shoes people, please. The bar was packed and most the bar staff did not look like they were in the mood to deal will all the drunk idiots.  There were a lot of them.  It is not a Country bar like you might think, with Dierk's name on it.  You must check out the website. http://dierkswhiskeyrow.com     It is more like a sports bar than a country bar, though they do have live scheduled shows.  The food other people in our party ordered was good.  It all looked great. I did not eat, this visit.  I noticed several people giving 5 star reviews, I have a different standard.  The space is beautiful a typical trendy place for Scottsdale.  For God sake, do not wait in line to get in people. There are 50 bars within a ten block radius.
5 Whiskey Row is definitely one of the busiest bars in Oldtown Scottsdale its so fun, you have to get there early on the weekends otherwise there's a line out the door from 10pm-1am. I enjoy that the food is gormet, its why I will actually come during their lunch (killer happy hour too) they exceeded in making their concept of a day party. I go a few times per month since it opened and I love it!
5 I was at Whiskey Row on a Saturday night and the line was about a 5 minute wait which was completely worth it. The DJ played country music from today's current hits to the country classics. Everyone was very friendly and the bouncers were very accommodating. Dance floor was crowded with plenty of people having a great time. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a country bar.
3 Cool bar decor...good food...cold beer. Lets start with the negative.....i hate old town Scottsdale! 100 places to eat and drink with NO PARKING. i do my best to steer clear of that $5 Corona tourist trap!  I had the burger with blue cheese, fried pickles and jam.....very delicious as were the seasoned fries.  11.00 Coors banquet bottled beer....love it!  4.00 My girl had the steak salad which was very good...13.00 9.00 margarita???  Ugh.....!
5 Awesome place! Old Town Scottsdale has the rep of being just a nightclub district, but this place actually has amazing food and a killer happy hour. Don't get me wrong, it is a great bar/nightclub but the food is totally underrated. They make their own fried pickles from scratch and have mini corn dogs made with CHORIZO sausage! Never tried anything like that before but loved it. For the meal I tried the Shrimp & Grits, and for the size of the shrimp it was surprisingly affordable and the grits had chunks of ham in it (I didn't even know what grits were before but loved it lol. Kinda like mashed potatoes). My friend tried the Whiskey Burger and said it was delicious. Grilled jalapeños and bacon under melted cheddar with BBQ sauce. They also have a great drink menu. I tried their New Fashioned, which was served in a mason jar over crushed ice and had fresh blackberries muddled into it. The bartender told me how they use a blackberry whiskey in it and a type of bitters that really makes the drink. The staff is polite and personable, and the girls aren't bad to look at either ;). The layout is cool; big bar, nice open patio, wood panel walls that give it that country feel and the stage where live music performs is ABOVE the bar. As far as an overall restaurant/bar/club in Old Town, this has to be my number 1 spot! This place has everything and you could catch me here any day of the week.
4 Great ambiance! Corn were awesome! Drinks are great! Seating is mainly for large groups. Service was okay. Would go again and with a larger group of friends.
5 This is a review for their OUTSTANDING brunch.  I haven't been there at night yet.  The food is way better than you'd expect.  My friend and I both took pictures of our food ... that's how good it looked ... and it tasted even better.  Try the Breakfast Sandwich. YUM!  Their servers are incredibly nice.  Plus they have an amazing mimosa deal for brunch.  $12 for bottomless.  So good.  As a side note, we were impressed how clean the place was.  We imagine they had to clean up a fair amount from the crazy night before.  I feel like it's only a matter of time before this place starts getting packed on the weekends.  For now, it's a nice change of pace from RnR's weekend brunch party.
3 We visited here on the premiere night for the new history channel show-Biker Battleground. Very well designed bar with tons of TV's and huge bar and patio. Beer is sold ice cold. We ordered dinner after the show. Best $26 dinner for two I have ever had. I would have given them 4 stars but the music is ridiculous loud. Louder than most techno clubs from the 90's. Not what was expected from a country bar. We will definitely go back but earlier when it's less club and more restaurant-bar.
