5 Love and Lace is such a wonderful place to find amazing lingerie! I have searched the valley and online for reasonable and good lingerie with no luck. This boutique is in a great location and i feel so comfortable shopping there. Alex is such a good help too and makes you feel comfortable as you shop. She carries lingerie for every shape and size and so many items were adjustable so it will work with my weight wether i lose or gain! I will definitely be a frequent shopper! thanks for bringing some hope to my lingerie shopping! Victorias secret is too commercial and annoying and nothing fits! all the other places are creepy or only cary stripper clothes!
5 Great service! Great selection! Amazing owner! You'll be so comfortable here you won't want to go anywhere else.
5 I really love this place!! Alex was so kind and helpful. She spent so much time assisting me and I really appreciated all of her individualized attention and input. They have so many beautiful items and Alex help me to find some lovely and very flattering outfits for a Boudoir photo shoot. They have really nice quality outfits and accessories for very reasonable prices. My photos turned out great and my husband loved all of my purchases! This is definitely my new go to place for lingerie and bachelorette gifts!!
5 So earlier I went to the Lingerie Superstore and almost walked out in tears. I short sold but didn't walk out with my vision. Before I went home I stopped by Love and Lace because of the reviews and OH MY GOSH. There was a completely different atmosphere. It was light pinks and the owner actually LISTENED to what my vision was. She's so personal and fun and within 5 minutes she found EXACTLY what I was looking for. She hand picks all of her lingerie, makes sure everything is adjustable and will special order anything for you.  She is amazing. The lingerie is for wearable use, not for strippers. I recommend her and Love and and Lace HIGHLY recommend and will DEFINITELY  be shopping here for my lingerie! Prices are very reasonable!  I wish I could give you 10 stars :)
5 I love this place! Alex was helpful and honest. I will definitely be back and recommend to all my friends.
