5 Its nice to see a store that has nothing but games.  They have a great selection of just about any type you could want.  The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  There wasn't a question I asked that didn't have an answer.  On any given day they have a bunch of games out to demo.  When you come in they'll ask you if you'd like to play one.  If you buy the game you've demoed, I believe you get a 20% discount on it that day.  Matt, one of the owners, holds a Meetup on every Monday at 5:30 - a different game is played every week.  I've gained exposure to a lot of great games this way.  The games chosen are very good and easy to learn - I've either bought or plan to buy every game we've played on Mondays.  This is a great local business I'm proud to support.
5 such a delightful place, the staff are super friendly. they will show you demos or talk about alot of the games they have in stock to help you choose the right one for you.
5 This store sells nothing but board games! We picked up zombiecide ($89.99) and forbidden desert ($24.99).  The guy working there was knowledgable and friendly without being pushy.   This place is packed wall to wall games! Come check it out.
5 This is the first time I almost blew all of my money in a game store.  That's usually my husband's territory.  It was like being in a book store for me.  Book stores are dangerous for my bank account, and now, so is this place.   These aren't the games you find in the toy section of your local Walmart. These are the latest, greatest games for all ages.  Go beyond Sorry, Yahtzee and Uno, and play Game of Thrones, The Hunger Games, Star Wars, and an assortment of Zombie games.  Nothing here is battery operated! I love this about the place.  You "play unplugged" here.  Just board games, card games and dice games.  I loved it!  Going back with the kids this week to purchase more as holiday gifts.  Met the owner, and he played a game with our kids to show them what it's all about.  There are game tables here, so you can try out some of the games they have before you buy.  The owner was totally up for playing anything that was out with us and was super knowledgeable about most of the games there (played at least 75% of them, he said).  They also carry card sleeves, so if you're a Magic nerd (my husband is), you'll find a fun assortment here.  I can't wait to go back, and it's located right next door to my chiropractor!  This place is A+ fabulous!!!
5 I am so in Love With this wickedly amazing shop. Clean, bright, super friendly staff. Such a great selection of games for all interest and ages. Its worth the long drive for us. My husband and I get so excited to go.
5 What an incredible find out n the middle of the desert!  I come to Las Vegas often and usually sludge through a store full of models, a store full of rpgs and a store full of magic cards. ... No longer.  I have found my game oasis! The girl working that day was engaging and helpful.  I even purchased another game because of her enthusiasm, professionalism and recommendation. I will always go back here. Thank you SWPaG!
5 Great place for the whole family! They have a little for everyone. Kids games and puzzles, family games classics, and a great selection of tabletop RPG and some easy to learn wargames. Staff is really nice, knowagable and helpful. The owners are always in and out to see what the customer wants and they are quick to respond them.
