5 Andy installed a water treatment unit and an RO system with an Alkaline filter. He was  honest, gracious, and very professional. I told him I was interested in Alkaline water and he did a lot of research for our meeting.  After the installation they sent me a thank you card as well.
5 What can I say except to be truthful.  Andy Aranda is an honest and competent plumber that wont quit until you are satisfied.  He did his research and was able to not only install a coconut shell filtration system throughout our entire home but installed upon my insistence a ROW (reverse osmosis water) system giving me a ph alkaline balance of 9.5.  I'm in heaven and it gets me up in the morning to brush my teeth "first" and drink my alkaline lemon tea water everyday throughout the day!
5 If your looking for the Best Plumbing Company in Las Vegas look no further. Andy and Alexis truly know how to treat their customers with incredible integrity. They go out of their way to keep your best interest in mind and they are extremely experienced. Don't hesitate, call them today you won't be disappointed!
5 After learning of an apparent water leak involving my water service lateral line in my front yard, I contacted Pure Plumbing based on the current excellent reviews on Yelp.  They were able to squeeze me in between their full schedule that afternoon and Andy was very professional and reasonable in his estimate to fix the problem.  I definitely appreciated his hard and quick work and the area was cleaned up as if no digging occurred!  I will definitely call them again for any future plumbing services!
5 Best plumber ever!!!  Andy has a lot of integrity and pride in his work.  He fixed a pipe leak in our laundry room, installed a hot water heater, and hooked up the propane gas connection for an outdoor kitchen island.  His work is impeccable.  He is polite and well-spoken, arrives on time, has great attention to detail, works cleanly and efficiently, and keeps his appearance & his truck's appearance neat and clean.  We couldn't be more pleased!  If you need a plumber in the Henderson/ Las Vegas area, do yourself a favor and call Pure Plumbing.  Thank you again, Andy!!!  We are your loyal customers, and will be recommending you to everyone we know!!!
5 Excellent service! They did such a great job unclogging two sinks in my house. I would definitely recommend Pure Plumbing for any plumbing needs you may have.
5 Andy and Travis were very professional. They were fast and they did a excellent job. Look no further then pure plumbing for all your home needs.
5 Had a small leak in the waterline coming into the hot water tank. Pure didn't have any immediate openings, so we were forced to go with another company. This other company comes in to fix what seems like a small problem, and creates total chaos in the garage!  The small leak turns into a break in the flex line, spraying water which is soaking half the garage. Long story short, my guy randomly gets a call that Pure finished a job early and they can swing by. So my guy kicks out Joe Blow plumber, and Andy & Travis come to save the day.   These guys fixed the problem for 1/2 the price, and went above and beyond to help clean up the disaster that the other guys made.  We'll call Andy & Travis from now on, and did I mention they are cute too!  ;)
5 We had these guys change out a cheap builder kitchen faucet for us.  There were on time and answered all of our questions.  The faucet was installed quickly and efficiently. It also works perfectly.  We will be using this company for all of our plumbing needs.  Now to save up for that tankless water heater.
5 I always try to see if I can fix minor issues in the house by myself or with a little help.  Most of the time, any house renovations tend to be pretty straightforward.  In the case of leaky pipes, though, it's not always a good idea to try and do-it-yourself.    I discovered that there was a slow and steady drip coming from my home's main water valve a few days ago.  I tightened the lug nut or whatever the metal part is that keeps everything together at the valve joint and hoped it would fix the issue.  When it didn't, I realized that it probably required more than my trusty wrench could handle.  So I looked at Yelp to see if I could find a good plumber who doesn't charge a small fortunate for weekend calls.  That can be almost as much of a challenge as leaking pipes!  Fortunately, there were so many glowing reviews about Pure Plumbing on Yelp, and I'm happy to say those reviews are justified.  I called Alexis at Pure Plumbing on a rainy and cold morning, and she kindly got me an appointment the same day.  What efficient service, especially for the Saturday right before Thanksgiving!  The technician arrived within about 3 hours following my call, and was able to replace a leaky inner gasket on the water valve within about 20-25 minutes, and explained exactly what the issue was and what he did to fix it.    And the pipes around the main water valve looked shiny and new, though he just said he "cleaned them up a bit."  Well, I was impressed and happy with the work that he did and he was so friendly and easy to talk to.  I liked that he gave me a quote and told me how long he thought the work would take without me having to ask for it.  I will definitely use Pure Plumbing in the future for any plumbing issues and would  recommend this company to others without hesitation.  The whole process with them was fantastic!  Great company, excellent work!
5 I was referred to this company from a friend and I am grateful for the referral. They were on time did a great job and were very professional. I would recommend them to any one that needs any plumbing work done.
5 I bought a new house that did not have a water softener or filter. After reading the reviews for Pure Pluming I gave them a call.  From the first phone call the experience was seamless.  Andy came out, walked me through some options, gave me quote and the next day him and Travis did the installation.  I also had them put in a new kitchen faucet .. It looks awesome and my water tastes great! These guys are very professional and honest. I will not hesitate to refer or call them for all of my plumbing needs.
5 Well I had to call Pure Plumbing again, this time broken pipe in the slab. Andy explained my options and I decided to re-plumb the house. This was a time consuming and very expensive job, but worth the investment. Tony and Travis did a great job and most importantly are trust worthy.  They explained everything along the way, stopped to answer my questions,   cleaned up after themselves and made sure I was satisfied before leaving.  No offense, but I hope I do not need their services for a long time but if I do... I would call them in a heart beat.
5 I was in my guest bathroom and decided to flush the toilet, as I don't use that bathroom very often.  Next thing I knew there was water all over the floor and I wasn't sure what was the source.  Upon closer inspection I learned that there was a crack in the tank.  I called Pure, they came out that same day and gave me a free estimate.  They were efficient, on time, professional and clean.  They even looked good and smelled good!  Andy made a call to located the proper fixture.  He told me if he had gotten to them 15 minutes earlier, they would have a new toilet in place that day. No worries, Andy was back first thing in the morning.  Within 90 minutes I had a new water saving toilet.  They left my bathroom cleaner than it was before they came.  This is very impressive!  They don't charge by the hour, they offer a flat rate including parts and labor.  I recommend Pure to anyone who needs worry free, cost effective, professional service!  Linda A.
4 They were on time and did a great job in a timely manner.  The guy (can't remember his name) was done within two hours and that included time to go get a toilet to replace mine.  The only reason I have four instead of five stars is that the toilet they put in seems like a super cheap model.  I was given a price and told that it would be an American Standard toilet but got some kind I've never heard of that seems small and flimsy.  Overall I'm still happy with the service I got and would use them again.
5 Had a really bad leak on the main water line in front of the house.. after reading all the good reviews from other ppl here on yelp about pure plumbing I decided to call this guys, they gave me a great price to fix my problem.. they r very reasonable, they had the water leak fix right away it was awesome... I would definitely use n recommend pure plumbing to all my friends, excellent work n prices... by the way Travis very nice n cute guy ;)
5 There is a reason these guys have 5 stars, It's because they're wonderful! The whole process was smooth, from making the appointment for the estimate all the way to the finished job. Everyone was nice and efficient. I have found my plumbers! I will continue to call these guys when I need any plumbing done. Stop wasting time calling any other plumber. Call Pure Plumbing, you'll get reliable service at an affordable price, and from really nice people!
5 Finding a good plumber in Vegas is like finding gold, and I am happy to recommend Andy and his team.    He was here yesterday to install a Moen stainless steel kitchen sink kit (sink & faucet) purchased from Lowe's.  He and his trainee showed up precisely on time to take a look at the laminate countertop which needed to be cut to fit the slightly larger new sink.  Andy called about 15 minutes ahead of time to let me know that he was on the way.  The existing cut-out was smaller than the new sink, so he took a couple of measurements, looked underneath the counter to make sure that it would fit, and also looked at the connections to make sure that everything was in good shape.  He gave me an estimate that was acceptable, and I gave him the go-ahead to do the job.  He and his very competent trainee got to work and got the job done in just over an hour.  Zip-zip-zip, they cut the countertop, popped in the new sink, hooked up the new faucet, replaced the wall connections, put in a new section of drain underneath the sink, and cleaned up the work area.      Because I knew ahead of time that the work would involve cutting the countertop, I called Andy and asked if they had experience doing this type of installation.  He assured me that they had.  Their work showed both practiced experience, as well as expertise.  I was more than happy with the overall results, from start to finish.  Five stars for calling ahead and showing up on time.  Five stars for the free quote and a fair price.  If you love your home and take care of it, you'll want to get the job done right with professionals who know what they're doing and whose work will last.    Five stars for getting the job done quickly.  Five stars for politeness and professionalism.  Five stars for having all of the equipment they needed to do the job.    This is a great little company!  I will definitely hire them again.   :)
5 The folks at Pure Plumbing were professional and just straight up nice from the initial talk on the phone all the way to the handshake after the service.  They gave me a courtesy call to let me know they were coming, then showed up right on time, looking and acting sharp. They assessed the problem quickly and thoroughly, then gave me a price which I thought was more than fair. They had my main line snaked and flowing again in no time.  I can't imagine having had a better experience. I won't hesitate to call Pure Plumbing for all my plumbing needs.
5 Very professional service with quick turnaround time.
5 Had some mysterious and sudden problems with our toilets, and after the hubby "fixed it" (for two days), we found Pure Plumbing on Yelp. Don J. showed up on time(!!!) and quickly assessed our issue (a "way down the poop chute" clog). He also swiftly and professionally put down my boyfriend's ideas about flapperless toilets. Don worked diligently to get our bathrooms back to 100% -- augering two toilets, one drain beneath a toilet, and then replacing both toilets... Maybe four hours worth of work? Dude HUSTLED. Seriously considering what other plumbing work needs to be done since know we can say we "know a guy". P.S. Baby wipes are not flushable.
5 The 5 Star reviews were totally so true. Called at 6:45 am and Alexis was very pleasant even at this early hour. I like the courtesy call to let us know when they are coming. Travis and Jared were very patient with my mom. The leak was fixed and my mom spoke very highly of them.    We are putting them on our list for plumbing issues.   Thank you and may all of you at Pure Plumbing be blessed with good health and fortune.
5 Not surprising they are getting another 5 stars from a customer.. Owner is a doll and very honest. The staff is sweet and even sent a card the next day. Great customer service.. Thank god!
5 This company rocks. They came out to give us a bid which was reasonable. They showed up for the work on time, installed the water softener system and cleaned up after themselves. Great job and the price is right. Thank you.
5 I woke up on the 4th of July to a dripping kitchen ceiling. I called Pure Plumbing and they had someone over in an hour. Travis was great! We plan to use them again in the future
5 Had Don from Pure Plumbing at our home for an emergency sewer back up issue. He ended up being here for about 13 hours installing/replacing all the valves around the house. He was by far the most knowledgeable, professional and reasonably priced  plumber we have ever dealt with. He was a pleasure to work with.  Pure plumbing will be our first call for any of our future plumbing needs.
5 HIGHLY recommend this company to anyone looking for plumbing. We bought a foreclosure & knew it would need a bit of work...as it turned out, it  needed A LOT of work!  These guys came over right away & went to work. They are pleasant, knowledgeable & trustworthy. I 110% recommend them!! Thank you Pure Plumbing for saving us!
