5 It was a choice between sushi or a curry house, and after being outside hill walking on a farm for over six hours, I was sure to welcome something hot. We found this Ashoka restaurant just a few doors down from the sushi bar. On entering you are instantly recognised & welcomed by a member of staff who will take you to a table, we just happened to be served by the famous Muhammad Ali who served us up with well deserved refreshments. We chose the incredible value buffet @ £6.95 not that we where greedy. We where shown & explained how the buffet works there was a selection of hot and cold items to accompany the salad bar followed by the main courses, a selection of five curry's including a vegetarian served with all the usual accompaniments that come with the meal. On entering this Ashoka my phone battery went flat on me the waiter saw this and offered to charge it while l was having my meal. Overall a great atmosphere, nice music, great tasting food. I certainly would be back here and gladly recommend.  Staff 5/5 Atmosphere 5/5 Food 5/5
5 Donald M. and I were starving as we had just been digging holes and looking for treasure all day metal detecting. We decided on getting curry and saw this place , a little hole-in- the - wall curry buffet . I have to say I am impressed with it and I will be going back there again. Why you might ask? Because the service was impeccable  they let Donald use one of their cell phone chargers to charge his phone which was huge points in my book, the food was tasty and the fish pankoras or however you spell them were the best I have ever had. I couldn't stop eating them I think I might have eaten the whole lot of them! The waiters were extremely friendly and recommended what combination of dishes we should try and sauces and also asked  ( but not to often which is good ) how our meals were. We told them we were Yelpers and would put a good review in for them since they were already on the travel thingy website. So over all I thought they deserved a 5 star as I loved the food and staff.  We may not have found treasure and danced like pirates finding booty , but the Fish pankoras are to die for and were a food treasure unto themselves.
5 Ashoka is situated on Hanover Street (at #97) making this the ideal stop of for a curry and beer after that fun packed shopping spree on nearby Princes & George Sts.  I'm giving Ashoka 5 Stars. I had their buffet and am totally won over by their friendly & happy staff and the great food!  For a Starters, I tried a Vegetable Samosa, Chicken Pakora, er, make that several of them, I think I ate 7 in the end, they were cooked in fresh, real proper batter and boy, were they goood?!! I also tried the most amazing, zesty and mouth watering Tomato & Onion Bhajis, Masala Poppadom and some jolly punchy lime pickle (quite possibly the most zesty and powerful I've yet had).  Finding I did in fact have room for a main course I plumped for the Chicken Korma and Pilau Rice along with a piece of Plain Naan & Garlic Naan Bread. The Korma was delicious, the sauce and Chicken, "just right", the rice nice, light and flakey. Whilst the Plain Naan was perfectly adequate, the Garlic Naan was the Errol Flynn to my taste buds' Olivia de Havilland, 'nuff said.  On my last departure from the buffet area I spied with my little eye some very nice looking Gulab Jamun, and (therefore) simply had to return to get some after my main course was (sadly) gone. The Gulab Jamun was the perfect ending to an astonishing Indian meal that I'll never forget even if I tried to. I've had the dessert before, but, cannot remember it tasting this good.  Everything tasted so fresh and packed with mouth watering flavour that my taste buds explode in ecstasy.  I've been to a few Indian Restaurants in Edinburgh, but, Ashoka is the first I'd want to return to, and return to again and again etc, maybe even buy the flat above the restaurant?!
4 When someone says "buffet", usually the world of foodies dies a little inside, but I was surprised at how lovely this place was to eat. Me and my fiancee went here as part of a Groupon for a 2-course meal with rice/naan for 2 but after taking our seats the lady who I took to be either the owner of joint owner offered us the chance to try a little more and asked if we would like to take the buffet instead of the 2 courses. I thought I had went to heaven, as bad as the idea of a buffet is, I couldn't say no to unlimited Indian food.  If the manager is to be believed then everything in the restaurant is homemade, or at least made on the premises. The starters were delicious, the curries were magic, the naan breads were hot and soft and even the desert were lovely but not too sweet.  There is a part of me that feel reviewing a buffet is like reviewing a Tesco, but I was very surprised at how nice and intimate this place was. Service was great and the food was even better.  After having a quick look at the a la carte, I will definitely be coming back to try that.  I'm a self confessed buffet lover and no matter how many good restaurants I go to, I will never change in my need to get elbow deep in food once in a while.
