5 Came into this place yesterday after the Pollo Mobile across the street ran out of Lengua and Huaraches! It was like 2p.m. so I decided to try a new place instead, Cilantro Tacos. This place hasn't been open long and to be honest, I never went in because of the name. I'm not a HUGE fan of cilantro so it was never really on my radar. Needless to say, cilantro is just a topping that you can ask to not have when you place your order so it's definitely not a big deal. Here's what I ordered for my wife and me and how it all stacked up. By the way, I have lived in California for about 6 years and have had Mexican food from many different places...so my descriptions are accurate :)  1 Taco de pollo/chicken - Wife ordered this, so I just had a bite. Chunky pieces of chicken. Up to par with a standard Mexican place.  1 Taco de al pastor/sauced pork - Wife ordered this, so again, I just had a bite. I'm not a fan of al pastor in general but from the bite I had, it was pretty good. Just the right amount of flavor to keep you coming back for more.  1 Taco de carne asada/marinated steak - This is where it's at. Thick juicy cuts of carne asada packed with flavor. Depending on the sauce you get from the salsa bar, this can end up being a fantastic snack/meal(if you plan on having more than one).  1 Taco de carnitas/pork - The carnitas I had at this place was probably some of the best carnitas I have ever had from any Mexican spot. Normally, when you order carnitas from any other place, you get small chunks of hardened pork that just doesn't do it for me. Cilantro Tacos carnitas is formulated of giant, soft, succulent pieces of pork with enough flavor to have me thinking about my next order for the subsequent time that I go. I don't know what I'll be getting the next time I go here, but one thing is for sure; At least one item that I end up getting will contain CARNITAS! lol :)  1 Order of Cilantro Fries - Now, for the Main Course, we had the Cilantro Fries(for those that don't like Cilantro, don't let the name throw you off, this dish has practically nothing to do with cilantro). This dish starts off with a nice layer of french fries. On top of that, you have about half a gallon of cheese. On top of that you have thick cuts of carne asada. This is served with 2 small sides of guacamole and 1 small side of sour cream. If you play your cards right, you dump the 2 sides of guacamole diagnolly on opposite sides of the dish and dump the sour cream right in the middle. After going to town on these fries, I realized that my wife and I were fighting over who got the next bite. Next time I'll just get my own order. These were different from your standard carne asada fries in the sense that this was a little more gourmet. It didn't have as much asada as a standard place would have, but the quality made up for that. It also wasn't as salty as normal carne asada fries would be. I will definitely be having this dish again.   All in all, I have to give this place 5 stars for the following reasons; 1.) Pricing is decent for the quality of food. 2.) Meats(the ones that I like anyway - Carne Asada/Carnitas) were top notch and as I said before, "If you're thinking of your next meal from the same place while you're eating, it's probably fantastic!") 3.) Decor was great! I'm not a fan of Mexican music, but they had that playing in the background. Plus the place was super clean inside. 4.) 5 Stars - I plan on trying some other things on the menu and will drop the rating if I either don't like it or they start to slack. I don't see that happening any time soon though.  1 Gripe: My wife wanted me to mention that she wishes this place had Huaraches because she'd be here all the time if they did, lol.   All in all, if you're looking for a fantastic Mexican place to simply grub or grab a snack, Cilantro Tacos is the place :D  I am the first to review this restaurant so maybe I could get hooked up with a discount in the future, lol!
5 Hot dayummm!  Their salsa bar alone is enough to keep me coming back.  All four of their salsas are so good I could strap a bib on and chug em faster than a horchata.  Especially the chipotle & the green salsas!  The tacos are $2/each and come with a mountain of meat filling.  Carne asada, and al pastor tacos are where it's at.  Carnitas was good too.  I was most impressed by the fact that the food was swimming in grease like most Mexican fare.  We tried the cilantro fries, but they were a bit underwhelming with a small amount of carne asada, cheese, and cilantro with small sides of sour cream & guac.
5 I was mistaken, their best tacos are the lengua & chorizo.  AND they offer happy hour from 5-7pm with $1.25 tacos.  Does it get any better?
5 Just had lunch here and really enjoyed it.  Had the chorizo, carne asada, and carnitas tacos.  All were tasty and full of flavor, but my favorite was the chorizo.  I will probably get three of those next time.  The salsa was excellent and they provided sour cream upon request.  I will be back.
5 Just ate here for the first time with my husband and we will definitely be back! This place is super clean and the family that runs it are so welcoming. They go above and beyond for their customers. The cabeza tacos were super tasty and all the salsas are amazing and fresh. The green one was our favorite. If you go on the weekend, ask about their dessert specials. we just had the strawberry tamale and rice pudding and they were both really good. Great job cilantro tacos!
3 Great tasty soft tacos. I had chorizo,  carnitas, and lengua. My favorite has to be the carnita - but all were excellent. The house salsas are very good. Also,  the sweet tamales are mouth watering . So flavorful. The best sweet tamales EVER.  I passed by this place so many times on my way to other places - now Tacos Cilantro is definitely on the map.  Service is good,  decor nothing fancy but clean. Prices are very fair. Tacos are full of flavor.
5 I accidentally found this restaurant, this is very clean and they have some amazing Tacos, Burritos. They are fairly priced and has all kind of exotic Tacos including beef tongue, beef head, along with chicken, beef,  fish and shrimps. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5 Some of the best tacos in vegas. I literally just created an account so I could say this. I also didn't expect such incredible customer service. Salsas are all super fresh and taste amazing. Will be coming back often and recommending to everyone! Just wish they were open later. Clearly, so much better than robertos.
5 Food was great, I HIGHLY recommend the fish tacos which one of the cooks recommended to me! But most of all the customer service this young lady (maybe 13ish) that works there provided blew my mind, she already knows what it takes to be in the hospitality field more than some grown women I work with at Aria. Food was yummy but it was this lil lady that just made me a regular. 9/18/13
5 Viva.  Had the family platter with two meats. Two adults and four younger children ate and we were all full.  Everything fresh, tasty and well-marinated.  For dessert shared the arroz con leche (which was great) and the flan (which was fantastic).  Great addition to the NW.  First time here - will be back.
5 The family kiddies and I were craving good Mexican food. It's hard to find corn dressed right & they knocked it out of the park. The guacamole is fresh, the beans perfect for picky tummies & their salsa selection is no joke. I had the fish taco & it was better than my current joint. This is authentic cooking with a super friendly staff & very clean establishment. We'll be eating here again very soon.
5 First things first, this place is clean top to bottom, based on my restaurant mgmt background the A rating is for real. The  food is amazing, the sauces and the salsas are obviously family recipes (unlike your standard taco shops) The staff is friendly and helpful.  This place is a step above your everyday Taco Shop, and the prices vs quality is unequalled in this part of town. This place is the real deal, and I've eaten my share of Mexican food! Don't even hesitate, just go!
5 Yum! Great authentic mexican food here! Family owned and operated, this place is very cute and has warm attentive service.  They have elote (corn) that is beyond delish! We also tried the al pastor, guacamole, rice and beans.  Everything was on point, especially the rice.  What is normally a banal side is taken to the next level, best rice I've ever had. I am so happy that this family run, homemade tasting, restaurant is close to my house! Oh, and it's super CLEAN! Give this place a try!
2 Sorry guys, am I eating the SAME food as the rest of ya?  I tried one of each taco.  Nothing really noteworthy IMO.  The Al Pastor was a chunky version, but it was also a little tough/chewy.  Not a ton of flavor compared to the better ones in Vegas.  The Asada was on the dry end...also a little CHEWY.  There were tougher bites in there...tendon/fat cuts.  The Carnitas and Pollo are the better bets here.  They were better than the others, but just "good" overall.  Also, all the tortilla were DRY and a little hard on the edges.  These tasted like the store bought ones and didn't feel fresh...To the point that they were distracting from the meat/salsa/etc.  Same could be said about the chips they dropped in front of me after I already had my tacos.  The salsa is great here, but the chips are also probably store bought and a little stale.  I hate to sound like a taco snob, but there are many other places with BETTER tacos for the same money or less.  To me, this place tasted like a cheaper/less quality Michoacan, and I don't really enjoy their food either.  However, their Horchata was GREAT!  One of the better versions out there! Lots of cinnamon and flavor inside.  There are some winners in the salsa bar as well, although I personally didn't find any "spicy" ones.  Can't say I will be back, but hope you enjoy the pics :
5 I work down the road and love stopping in for a quick bite to eat. Always friendly and great customer service.  They give a 20 % discount to veterans!!
3 It was clean and nice inside for a strip mall joint, but food was nothing great.  Not sure about the other reviews.  Tacos were not bad, but nothing over the top.  Rice was fine, but only so-so.  Not a bad place to grab a bite, but don't expect too much.  I will try it again and get a burrito instead of tacos.
5 Very friendly and family owned restaurant... everyone was pleasant here, greeted me, answered my questions, brought us plenty of coffee refills, napkins, picked up our plates... even though it's a walk up and order your food kinda place.   My mother and I loved the food here.  She had the chorizo breakfast burrito and I had the taco plate.  The meat is seasoned well and tasted fresh. The Spanish style rice and grilled jalapenos really stand out. It's pretty inexpensive at the moment.. so that was a huge plus although we kept adding on food.  I hope this place makes it through its first year, it's a very casual walk up and order your food restaurant, kind of like a Roberts.. but much nicer! Authentic Mexican food.   I will be going back.. very often!
5 Wow. So surprisingly good!   Family platter was wonderful.   All of the salsas were so unique and tasty.   We will be regulars now I am sure.   Loved the street corn and sangria were great too.
5 Great service from the kids at the counter. Great flavor on all the meats! If you dine in they ask if you need anything and if you do need something it is done with a smile! I wish there was one on every corner! I highly recommend everyone try it at least once. They are closed on Monday's.
2 Visit was 12/06 for lunch.  Upon walking in the place smelled like a backed up sewer. We almost walked out but were hungry so we just ordered.  We ordered a carne asada burrito, tacos and the cilantro fries with carne asada.  Tried to order fish tacos but they were out of fish?!?!  So we ordered the shrimp tacos and a chicken tamale. They serve complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa is tasty. The carne asada burrito and tacos were good, the fries were soggy and overly greasy.  The shrimp tacos were nothing spectacular and the chicken tamale was flavorful and very, very spicy.  Last and the deal breaker on going back to this place. There is a salsa bar and we found a hair in our salsa. We told the gentleman who took our order and delivered the food about it and he was very non caring.  He didn't even ask which salsa. I had to give him the container that we served the salsa in to get it off the table.
5 Just randomly found this place when driving by starving. Saw the reviews and decided we'd give it a try.   Wow! How delicious! We ordered tacos of different types and a burrito and they were all fantastic. I think it's family owned? The guy taking our order was awesome. Came over checking on us bringing us anything we needed.   This place is a must try. Delicious.
5 The food was really good. We got the carnitas family platter among other things and it was so good. Even better was the service. We had a party of 10 show up 1/2 hour before they closed and stood there forever deciding but it didn't faze them. They kept bringing us tortillas and making sure we were happy. It's far from my house but I will be going back.
5 Great food, great people. Awesome customer service. Delicious food. Their Agua de Horchata is The Best.
1 . I ordered four roll tacos with guacamole, extra cheese and sour cream, what I got was four taco rolls with tons of lettuce and very little cheese. And a small 1 ounce side of sour cream :(
5 Went there on a whim as a recommendation from one of my friends. Loved it. I will be going back. They have the Mexican coke bottles and the burritos are tasty. The carne Asada is great.
5 Excelente! Food was great! Stopped by on my lunch break. Person taking my order was very helpful and recommended some good food. Clean place. Friendly and attentive staff. Definitely coming back when in the area.
5 Great Place! Super clean, the portions are large and the taste is amazing. They have 4 different salsas. I recommend the Maya salsa.
2 I wasn't going to write this review as it has been a good seven months since I have gone here and maybe ... just maybe they have improved. But when I searched Yelp for mexican recommendations and saw this came up as highest rated I almost fell out of my chair. So of course I have to put in my two cents. Luckily, I have an excellent memory when it comes to things I care about i.e. food.   First off, we went there right after they have opened so I will say maybe they were still working out the kinks, at least I hope they were.  On the positive side the dining room was clean, and it had some ambience (more than the typical taco shop would). Also, the owner attempted to rectify the situation, explained below, unfortunately it could not be.   So I got the carne asada fries. Typical gringo mexican dish - maybe that was my mistake and I should have ordered something more authentic. The fries were not cooked at the right temperature, they came out greasy and undercooked. Not to mention for the price, I believe around the $7 range, the portion was rather skimpy. Took it to the counter and explained the issue, the person who I believe was either the owner or manager, cooked the fries again. Same exact issue. Which tells me that it was not a mistake but that they were unaware what temperature oil should be to properly cook fries in. Ultimately, they refunded our money and we went elsewhere.   The service is the only reason that I am giving it two stars - to be honest I can't remember what my husband got, my guess is carne asada tacos and I tried some as I was starving due to having to wait for the re-fire of the carne asada french fries, but the tacos were not memorable.  I truly hope for their sake they improved, and from the sound of the other reviews, maybe they did. I suppose to give it a true review I should go back and try the food again but with the amount of taco shops in Vegas there are so many other place to try!
4 The street corn or Elote that is served here brought me back good childhood memories of when my sisters and I would run down the elote man after school..   The carne Asada burrito was filling.. The marinade could be better but I give it 4 stars because the place is clean and the service is friendly. Will def be back !
4 Everything I tried was very good!!  Quesadilla asada tacos guacamole salsa rice and beans!!  Way better than Roberto's!!!
5 Awesome food and service was excellent!!
4 Good little place to grab a bite to eat.Family owned and operated the service  was excellent and attentive. We had the guacamole with chips and salsa which was very good and I had chicken quesadillas which were ok
5 Stopped in for lunch, and oh so glad I did.  This is a very casual lunch, dinner spot.  Service is excellent and food was just as good! My husband and I shared the Carne Asada Fries, the corn on the cob, and tacos (carne asada, carnitas, and chicken) All this food was delicious and under $20..... I will definitely be back!!
4 Had lunch here today, yummy! Fresh, flavorful food with excellent service. Casual clean sit down or take out spot. Had the Carne Asada taco and pollo taco Azule (with cabbage, cheese and tomatoes). All tacos are on soft corn tortillas with fresh onion and cilantro. The meats had a great flavor and the house made salsa is awesome! Will definitely be back, can't wait  to try the rice pudding!
3 I was pretty impressed with Cilantro Tacos, especially being in the area that it's in and the kind of foot traffic it gets.   It is good food, however, I felt that the food tasted very clean..like it could have been seasoned more or been more flavorful. Definitely could have been less oily. HOWEVER, this place got my third star for its excellent ceviche. I mean damnnn. It was good guys. If you haven't tried it, you're really missing out!!!! I also really enjoyed the carnitas, but again, it was barely seasoned...but very, very tender and juicy.   I'm definitely coming back to try the desserts! Nothing can stop me from getting my sweet fix. Nothing.  The service was very good. Very good. The waiter was really friendly and funny. He told us they're waiting on getting their liquor license--that's the SPIRIT, right?! And of course, I was way too excited about that! :D  I will definitely come in again and again for that ceviche. No kidding. Look out for me, Cilantro Tacos, I'm about to eat all your shrimppppp!!!!
5 Delicious food. Inexpensive too! I am from California originally just moved to Las Vegas and this place is hidden treasure. My husband had the Carne Asada torta was amazing good. I ordered "enchiladas divorciadas" one red and one green with rice and beans. Really good too. There al pastor or adobada is delicious too. Won't be disappointed. We keep coming back for more.
5 This place is fantastic! The staff is super friendly. They always check up on you to see if you need anything. The food is fabulous and  extremely flavorful for a bargain. I only paid 6 bucks for a big ass burrito! Definitely give this place a try!
4 Very delicious fish tacos and not fried!!! Everything we ate was so tasty and flavorful.  Wish it was closer to home but that's ok - we will come back again for sure.  Don't pass by Cilantro Tacos - you'll be sad you did.  The staff is awesome also !!
3 Came in for dinner and ordered two carne asada tacos and an elote. The carne asada was chewy and the corn was flavorless. The food my husband's tummy upset. This is a family restaurant and I understand that it's difficult to run a business so I threw in an extra star because the service was decent.
5 Drove by this restaurant one day and decided to try it. I got the everyday combo for only 7.50 with 2 tacos, rice, beans, and a drink. It was amazing food with tender meat and authentic. I definitely recommend people go here!
4 I've driven past this place many times...finally went and was impressed.  It was clean, the people were friendly, and they had a good salsa bar.   Highlights were the habanero salsa, the green salsa, al pastor tacos, and the street corn (elote).  The corn was very flavorful and huge...and they actually brought two ears of corn for one of my friends because they said that they didn't have enough large ears. I will be back for more elote and that salsa.   Stay away from the fish tacos...not very good (but at least it wasn't fried!).
5 I love the Elote. I want to eat it at least once a week. I have a carne asada taco too and it's wonderful but I just can't get enough of their Elote.
3 Good but not great.
3 Food is good not great but overall a good lunch. My husband got a burrito and a taco the burrito was massive lol I had three tacos and waiter asked if I wanted rice and beans I picked just beans it was good. I think the food needed a little more seasoning. horchata looked watery but it was good. They sell raspados (mex stule ice cone)  I got the mangolon it was good and sweet. Next time I go I will be trying the corn on cob. Its a sit down place FYI.
4 How is it that I have lived in the area for nearly three years and never even knew this place existed.  I have been missing out on some good stuff.  Thanks to my fellow Yelper's I was able to find out about Cilantro Tacos and try it last night as it was more or less on my way home.  I was very impressed when I first walked in.  The wooden tables with the check patter table cloths is a quaint little touch.  The menu is a bit hard to ready being on the large side and directly above ones head.  Thankfully there is a hand held menu that is more easy to view.  I spent a couple of minutes deciding on tacos.  I never was fully able to decide on a protein for the tacos though so I went with one each, al pastor, carne asada and pollo.  They were the exact kind of taco I love.  Simply meat, cilantro and onion wrapped in two corn tortillas.  The al pastor had the addition of pineapple as is customary but the basics were the same.  I also ordered elote to compliment my meal.  A full ear of fresh and crisp corn on the cob topped with mayo, cotija cheese, chile and lime.  I never expected to like corn on the cob with mayo but man was it delicious.  I ended up with mayo and spices all over my face.  I'm glad I was at home when I ate it.  I would have been embarrassed to have done so in public.
4 The service was very good. He was very attentive and kind. It was a little hot but hey, we're in Vegas!  The carne Asada fries were yummy. They were the thick steak fries- my fave.   Carne Asada is fresh and the salsa bar is small but pleasing.   I give it four stars because my sister thought her carne Asada burrito tasted kinda fishy- maybe it was the rice?   Definitely give it a try :)
2 Bland blah blah ... People have to be crazy giving rave reviews . Tried many items on the menu, no stand outs !!
4 My husband ordered a few carnitas tacos and el pastor burritos. Everything was seasoned well and tasted delicious. The stand out was their ceviche!! I LOVE ceviche and theirs was authentic. I also ordered the special of the day: braised beef plate with rice and beans and tortillas. It was phenomenal!! We're definitely coming back. And the horchata was really tasty. Not watered down at all. The only bummer was their rice. It was really bland and didn't taste like authentic Spanish rice.
4 The food is the better version of a Robertos. Overall great food, always fresh and good customer service. Best part has to be the reasonable pricing.
4 Very authentic, very kind, very delicious!
5 If you're looking for a quick bite to eat or something for the whole family to enjoy, come visit this little hole in the wall.
