1 I have been getting non-stop telemarketing calls from this company for 2 weeks, over 30-40 of them, despite telling them every single time that I want off their calling list. This is the worst company I have ever had the misery of dealing with. Please do not ever use this business, so that some day these calls might stop.
1 Horrible!! The guy that came out to sell me the service spent the whole time hitting on me and trying to get me to buy a cd for his band. He failed to mention that the 3 year contract with ADT would have to be renewed for another 3 years if I moved during the contract! Lame. Plus ADT IS THE WORST . Horrible to deal with and their service doesn't work!! I have an ADT system and my house has been broken into twice!!! The alarm didn't go of either time and the police were not called. They won't let me out of my contact so I will be charged a $700 cancellation fee because I refuse to sign another 3 years with them when I move. Go with another company. Protect Your Home and ADT are both bogus.
1 I just bought my first home a month ago and ADT has called over and over asking if I want a system. I started with the nice "No, Thank you" and have moved up to the "DONT CALL ME AGAIN" response.  Then last night at 8pm some guy shows up at my house to talk to me about buying a system!!! I wasn't even home, but my best friend was and he called me freaked out because someone is at my house when he knows nobody was scheduled!  What do we call that? Harassment!  Utterly Ridiculous! I'll be calling corporate today and if anyone comes by my house again I will be calling the police and pressing charges!
2 Well, I already had this company install my system and am in a contract for services, but wanted to point out that most of these reviews are about ADT but the real problem seems to be with Protect Your Home- the authorized dealer... I myself had no clue that it wasn't ADT that I set up an appointment with; I do not feel like they were fraudulent in their ads but the print ads were very misleading. I also had a tech come out and tell me that all of my current sensors and motion detectors were not compatible with the updated system so everything would need to be purchased for $2000. I said NOT HAPPENING! Then, he left all the now non-working sensors up and just threw the old panel and stuff on the table. He was "nice" but I didn't hire someone to be nice to me, I hired them to install a system so that my new home was protected. Also, he was there 3 hours! It is a small home, too. Anyhow, it is too late for me but for others I would say find another company. Oh, and who knows if this is the correct address for the company since they didn't provide me any of their info. I also received a bill on Saturday that said total due $49.99 but then said do not pay. I have no clue what they are up.
1 Well, things started out pretty good with Protect your Home and then deteriorated the day after my alarm system was installed.  The salesperson (Thomas) came out to my home and presented the options.  I asked him to give me a couple of days to think about it and he did.  He came out, I signed up and just as he indicated the installer came and and did a great job of the installation and followed through just as Thomas indicated.  I asked him for an additional key fob and he indicated that I had $500.00 of extras and could get the key fob the following day if I called.  I thought this was strange that he didn't give me a second one the same day but I soon learned what their game was.  The guy came out the day after, brought the key fob and proceeded to try and sell it to me rather than deducting the cost from the "$500.00".  I immediately went off on him and he said that the special ended yesterday.  I then indicated that I was going to call the office and then his tune changed and said I could have it for "free."  I still didn't feel comfortable and told him to leave and take the key fob.  I called the office and like Parisa R. on 4/28/2014, I got a Manager with exactly 2 brain cells to rub together.  The second time I called I got a hold of a young lady who sounded African American and got the best service recovery I've every experienced.  She turned it around and made the tech come back out with my key fob and apologized for what happened and I did not get charged.  So I guess I have mixed feelings about this organization, because even though they made it right in the end, I shouldn't have had to go through the hassle.  I've mailed off my coupon, money orders and the information requested to obtain the 2 - $100.00 VISA Gift Cards.  I will keep you all posted as to when and if I receive them but rest assured if I don't get them I'm going to report them to the Better Business Bureau, Channel 3 on your side and filing a claim with possible damaged with Small Claims Court.  Hope this review helps.   Mark D.
