5 Newer shop, great artists, clean and trustworthy.  The owners have over 15+ years experience in the business.  If you are looking for a custom piece, this is your place.  I personally get tattooed by Steve Rieck who is not only an amazing artist but aims to please.  Friendly people and great customer service.
5 Been tattoo'd by Gianni for years and this shop and all that are in it are nothing but an extension of his greatness. Be smart get a great tattoo from this shop.
5 Giani has done amazing work on me for a while now. He's got talent like no other! I won't go to anyone else! His shop is awesome and he has alot of great artists. Thank you G! See ya soon for some more tattoo therapy! :)
5 Broken Dagger Tattoo is a newer shop, but one of the best in Las Vegas. Every artist in the shop is fantastic and does great work. You can follow each of them on instagram and see all of the fantastic art. I have been going to Gianni Russo for quite a few years now and he is one of the best I have ever seen. Great people, fantastic shop, and good prices lead to an amazing tattoo experience. Go now and see for yourself or follow them on instagram @brokendaggertattooparlor
5 This is a stylish and professional tattoo shop with talented and friendly tattoo artists. Bundy is a creative genius who excels at sleeves and other large pieces.
5 Beautiful shop! Clean friendly. Got a half sleeve by Bundy amazing artist fast and clean.
5 Nothing but straight cleanliness, professionalism, and actual ARTISTS at this tattoo shop! !!! The vibe to this brand new shop is very inviting and comforting to all. I personally get tattooed by 2 of the 7 artists here,  but because of the quality of work and overall talent that the other artists have, I would be down to be tattooed by any of them! !! If your looking for amazing prices and talent,  all you gotta do is walk thru the doors....
5 Absolutely love this shop. I have 3 tattoos done by Steve & one of them is a cover up. Everyone there is very talented in their own way. Very professional, positive vibes, & good music. Nothing but good things to say about this shop!!
4 This shop came highly recommended and they didn't disappoint. The staff greeted us as soon as we entered the door. That's always a plus, otherwise I take my business else where. Ecceltic looking shop on the inside, but it's very clean. Steve did a nice elemental ambigram for my daughter. This is where I'll come from now on in Vegas...finish up my "bakers dozen" for my tats.  Big Daddy O
5 I haven't used Yelp in a long time but I wanted to make sure that I made sure everyone knew just how awesome Jake is at this shop. I had my cousins in town visiting from Napa and we all decided to visit this shop (partly because I knew they are huge animal lovers and I work with rescue in the valley) and get some work done.  First of all, the shop is so clean, all the artists take this very seriously and take their time to clean their stations completely. They pay attention to detail and all the staff really helps you in the direction you want to take with your tattoo. Jake tatted me, and my two cousins. He gave us a MORE than fair price and his lines are seriously off the hook. We all three received awesome tattoo's but in the process my mother also got a tattoo by another artist Lilly. She was fantastic too and really gave my mother a prefect first tattoo! This shop is friendly, very relaxed and funny as hell. I am totally in love with my tattoo and so are my cousins.
5 Just came back from broken dagger tattoo got 2 pieces from Steve. He was great,super friendly  and great work! Am going back to finish my back!  Wouldn't go any where else! Thanks Steve
5 1st time experience. Shop very upscale and cozy. Never seen a tattoo shop that was so jazzy as this. Steve was very professional and detailed. I love my tattoo
5 Steve is great!!!!!! Going back to have my back done with his great designs! Thanks much! 10 stars from me!!!!!
5 Amazing artist, very talented, and more than knowledgeable on their craft. Very satisfied with my tattoos and my families. As well as I have referred many friend here who have as well loved their tattoos and are continuing clients now. Def recommended to any one looking for new art. Very welcoming shop!
5 The Best tatoo shop in Las Vegas!! Multiple talented artist in the shop an highly recommended!!
5 Very nice, clean and friendly! It was my birthday and I needed a cover up bad, jake did an AMAZING JOB at covering what I had up. Everyone at the shop are amazing at what they do. I highly recommend everyone to check this place out! I can't wait to go and get my next tattoo done by jake! (:
5 The cleanest shop I've been to in Vegas, tony has been working on my sleeve and it is absolutely breathtaking the works that come from this shop,   Every artist has there own style and eats sleeps and breathes tattoos,   No piece too small or too big, check them out.
5 Was referred to Gianni and ended up with Jake. Awesome experience with both guys! I'm not "into" tattoos and needed a little cover up so this is a little out of my comfort zone. Both guys made me feel very comfortable and what jake designed was better than my expectations. Love this place!
5 What can we say? Wow! That's what. Although I did not get a tattoo, my wife did so I'm writing this review for her. Lily was an absolutely awesome artist. You can tell how she values her work by the amount of detail and time she spends on her pieces to make sure they're just right. She not only takes great care of the pieces she works on but she also makes sure her customers are happy. One of the coolest tattoo artist my wife has gotten a tattoo from. A definitely recommend for her unique style and workmanship!
5 I came here because of the great reviews on Yelp. My first tat in Vegas & overall a good experience. The shop is very clean & nice location too. It's not in a busy area like on the strip. Steve did a great & fast job on my tat.  Would come here again if I'm feeling spontaneous :)
5 Went into Broken Dagger and had a tattoo in mind I wanted to get. I was worried of the accuracy and outcome of the tattoo. This was my first tattoo and didn't know what to expect in terms of pain and overall experience. My artist was Jake and he was fantastic. My piece took nearly 6 hours .. maybe a bit more. I was welcomed in and the experience ended up being great. Getting a tattoo wasn't as bad as I thought and the piece on my forearm is well worth the pain that comes with getting one. The shop is clean, and feels like a tattoo shop should. There is art all over the walls and employees are passionate about what they do. We changed a few things from the original design which enhanced the overall look and made it stand out. I was very pleased with the work and the conversations while the tattoo was going on were great. I wasn't very concerned with price but once finished I was pleased with the overall cost and will defiantly be returning for more work. It took me 10+ years to get my first tattoo and now I am hooked.
