4 Small restaurant tucked in a strip mall. Very clean and cherelrful lady who is server. Cook. And dishwasher. I ventured for the jerk chickken and it was great. The chicken had marinated in a fantastic jerk sauce and cooked to moist perfection. It was served over fluffy rice with red beans, some grilled peppers, onions and cabbage. The fried plantains were the perfect compliment to this home cooled meal. I highly recommend you try this place. I will be back soon.
5 AZ is lacking true home cooked flavorful foods.  This place is clean, small, & new.  Owner& cook& server all in one is friendly, smiling, & warm each time I've gone now.  Food is authentic Trinidadian, great spice, freshness too.  I don't know how she can maintain this combination.  Not pretentious like some Jamaican joints in town.  Great place to try ox tail, goat, & bus up shot roti.
5 Have to give it a 5!! Had the jerk chicken......Excellent!! The woman who served me even came out with a little ox tail for me to try....she got me hooked!! Definitely coming back for the whole meal.
4 First time ever been there, the lady and man was extremely friendly. It was a nice, clean environment. I had the ox tail, it was very tender and moist. A bit on the spicy side. It was also a little greasy. But other then that I will be returning. Next time it's the curry goat!!
3 Had a craving for jerk chicken and decided to give this place a try based on Yelp reviews. I got there and couldn't decide b/t the ox tails and the jerk chicken so I ordered both..at worse I'd have leftovers for tomorrow.  The atmosphere was friendly everyone greeted me upon entering and I would consider the place a great little hole in the wall to grab a bite on a hot day and relax.  My oxtails were just OK, I feel like they could have been better, not as flavorful as I was expecting but they were tender. I ordered JERK chicken because that is what I had an initial taste for, imagine my disappointment when I got home and realized they gave me CURRY chicken instead. I knew I wasn't going to leave back out to head back over that way to get my order corrected so I simply settled for that. The chicken was moist and very tender it just wasn't what I ordered. The rice and peas were as expected.  Make sure you double check your food before leaving to avoid my dilemma. Not the worst place, but I wouldn't be in a rush to go back either. Most of the meal items are $9.95 and the side items range from $2.00/$2.95.
5 My boyfriend and have been looking for Caribbean cuisine for sometime and came across this place on Yelp. After reading some of the reviews and looking at the pictures of the food we had to go! The food was absolutely amazing and the staff was so nice!!!! The portions are out of this world. We had to take a lot of it to go. We had the Curry Goat and Ox Tails. All we could do was look at each other as we dug in. It was so good, all we wanted to do is go to sleep after wards. If that's not good I don't know what is! We will be back very soon!!! If you love Caribbean cuisine please try this place!!!!!
5 Absolutely loves it every single time that I have been here.  I don't live by but it's definitely worth the drive
5 Jerk Chicken! Not for the faint-hearted. I ordered over the phone after reading some of the good reviews on different sites. Jerk Chicken plate for myself and Oxtail plate for my hubs. We also got sides of Aloo pies, plantains, doubles and Pholorie. Had to get the Solo sodas! We missed trini food from when we used to live in Queens New York, this def made up for it! The lady was so nice she threw in a double with pepper on the house for us to try! Everything was delish, we even had left overs for the next day. My 1 year old went to town on aloo pie. The fam loved it! Definitely coming back to this place again.  This may be a small hole in the wall place, but the food is #amaze!
4 This is a very small and NOT FANCY but clean Caribbean Bistro with only Five Tables. You order at the counter and seat yourself and YOU WAIT a half hour or more for your food.   I have to say the food was worth the wait.  I had the Red Snapper Whole Fish Stew. It was delicious anybody would enjoy it. The fish was fresh and prepared perfect in a tasty tomato broth loaded with lots of fresh crunchy vegetables. The dish came with tasty plantains, a salad garnish and enough rice studded with just cooked beans to feed a family.  My husband had the Jerk Chicken. It was powerful with spice and heat and isn't a dish for the timid. The chicken in it was very fresh tasting and very tender and the plate had a similar set up to mine.  The people working there seemed very friendly and asked us often how everything was.  I do need to note I'm not certain if they have a public restroom. I only saw one door in the dining room that led to the kitchen with a sign that reads Do Not Enter. I did notice a hand sanitizing station by where you leave your used plates.  The place is clean, I noticed a Grade "A" Maricopa Health Inspection.  The Prices are very low.  This is a place that's worth checking out!
4 The place is very authentic.  We tried their oxtail with red beans and rice j with a cabbage salad. The oxtail had a lot of flavor  , it goes well with the rice . We also had their  curry goat and potatoes. This had a rich  and thick  curry sauce that goes  well with the roti
