4 What's better than walking into a store where employees are passionate about the products that they're representing and selling?  We were walking around Fashion Show Mall and headed to Forever 21 until I spotted something out of my peripheral vision. I came to a halt, and what do you know.. there was a Lush store that I have never seen at this location before.  Upon coming in and looking at all of their wonderful products, we were greeted by Cassie and she helped me pick out my purchases that day. I told her exactly what results I was looking for with purchasing my products and she pointed me to the right ones. She tested out the scrubs on me and let me play with the "clay" that they have. Be sure to check that part out :) I was amazed how many products could be made out of their vegan ingredients. My friend found out that they had their grand opening on Saturday, May 18th, 2013 and they will be opening up more locations in Las Vegas. I also received two complimentary samples with my purchase!  I will definitely be back to get one of their famous bath bombs :)
5 This store is awesome! Just went to the grand opening party thing, they were giving out cupcakes and apple cinder and had a dj! They had a few promotions: spend 50$ get a spin on the wheel to decide what free gift you get and spend 80$ get a free package. Of course I spend over 100$ I can never leave lush without spending over 100$ sigh. I just love everything they have so much! Everyone at this store is so friendly! I also just learned that they do in store hair dying with their special non chemical hair color. I'm making an appointment next week and I can't wait! I'm absolutely in love with this place I almost want to get a part time job here.... So so happy this one opened! I've been to the one in Mandalay bay and its a little bigger but I'm almost never over there. I'm in fashion show mall a lot more so this is way more convenient when I need to indulge at lush. The most awesome thing is that they let you try/smell anything you want! I almost always get sold on whatever product I'm trying. Since using lush products I never want to go back to regular cosmetics. Everything here is handmade, better, and they don't test on animals. A+++++ LUSH I LOVE YOU!!!
4 I love LUSH! Products are amazing and I'm so glad they opened a location by fashion show coz I avoid the strip like a plague, so it's always a turnoff to go to Mandalay bay. But yeah I came in here, store was a little too small for my liking but overall they were really pleasant. It's like a spa in there. I would've given this place 5 stars but I felt like I was being followed like a hawk the entire time I was there and I'm that type of shopper where I like to be left ALONE to make my own decisions because I always browse & research everything first before I buy. I hope next time I go back, I'll be left alone in peace unless I ask for help.
4 I love this store. Their products are all natural (who doesn't love that)? The bath bombs are, well, they're the bomb! I am a total product junky, and a sucker for anything that has to do with girly bathroom stuff. The scents are amazing. They are a bit on the pricey side though.   I love that they opened this location, as the Mandalay Bay location isn't very convinient, but this store is really tiny. Maneuvering around was a bit tricky, I must have rubbed butts with at least 4 different people.  This place is great if you're looking for a gift for someone who likes girly stuff like this, I recently sent a goft box to my friend who had just had a baby, she loved it. I've received  birthday presents from here, and I get excited just seeing the package (and smelling them too).
5 I love LUSH. I went to their Grand Opening in June, had a great time. I let my son spin the wheel to get a free shower gel, now he wants to spin the wheel every time he goes and wants free sparkling cider! :) I went a couple of weeks ago for some basics and got the best service from Jordan. He helped me with what I wanted/needed, and picked out some other great new must haves. It is a much easier location to get to in Vegas, but I would say either LUSH is great. I was always hesitant to try emotional brilliance, but I had so much fun the last time. The Fashion Show Location is very easy to get to as well.
5 The sales associate that assisted me was really great!  He spent the time to help me find the perfect products for my face.  He was patient when I was telling him the details of my problems and which products I had used before. He then told me about the different products they had and which combinations might work best.  He wasn't pushy in trying to get me to purchase the most expensive items, but really on what might help my skin the most.  Excellent experience!
5 Love their products (massage bars are my absolute favorite), love this store. Kinda miss the former tenant, medium-rated fro-yo place, but super glad that the store is more convenient- love the Fashion Show mall (located in between Forever 21 & Starbucks, lower level, sort-of reverse triangle shape), as compared to the Mandalay Bay casino's shopping center (er, I mean hallway). Came here for a couple things a couple weeks ago: henna & massage bar (use this as moisturizer because my skin is super dry). Quick visit, but the employees were helpful, nice, and also use the products too. What's not to love about natural cosmetics, not tested on animals?   Anyhoo, it's a little on the small side (a nice use of space, BTW), but you can still find all your favorite Lush products. I would so love to spend a considerable amount here one day, but for now, I'll make my purchases small as christmas is around the corner...wink, wink.
5 Loooove Lush! I work right near fashion show so this location is very convenient. I don't get a chance to go in as often as I'd like to, however, every visit is a great one. The selection is great (although I think it's slightly better at Mandalay Place, but I always come out at least $40 poorer so they've got what I need), and the staff is friendly and knowledgable. A must visit if you want to treat yourself for some environmentally friendly "me time" after a long day of walking up and down the strip.
5 Great store. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They also recommend a few items that I never would have thought to look at had they not. My very first visit was for a couple bath bombs but I walked out with face masks, body scrubs, bath melts, and lotion. I have been hooked since! =) All natural, handmade, most items are vegan.. there's really nothing to complain about. A plus is the staff remembers you, at least they remember me so it makes for a great shopping experience when you walk in and are greeted so warmly. The staff will answer any question, and go out of their way to help you. Also, if you want to try a sample- just ask! I always leave with my purchases, and then some... a shampoo sample that I wanted to try before buying a full bottle, a piece of soap that I wasn't sure about buying a brick of first.. etc. I love this store. Above and beyond service, and GREAT products that smell AMAZING!
5 Heavenly. That single word sums up how I feel about Lush in general as well as this specific Lush location.  I feel like I should just dump the contents of my wallet out when I walk in. Lush has so many amazing products, trying to stay within my predetermined spending budget is a constant struggle.   The fresh face masks are only available in stores because they are made fresh daily. I am always asking the Lush sales associates a million questions about which masks do what, they are always so gracious and helpful with their responded.   And the bath bombs! I don't even take a bath anymore if I do not have a Lush bath bomb to use. They are THAT good.   Another reason to adore Lush is they care about the planet. Ingredients for their products are responsibly sourced. They do not test on animals. They donate to charity. They have a recycling program: Bring in 5 empty fresh face mask containers, and they will give you one for free!   Friendly and helpful service, amazing products sold by a company that isn't just about profits... What's not to love about Lush?!
5 Wow. How in the world is it possible there was such a magical place and I was not aware?! Talk about a little slice of heaven, with rainbows, and beautiful colors, sparkles, and stars! Ok ok, no I am not on some sort of hallucinogenic.  However, after my first bath bomb experience, I may have questioned that myself!  Lucky enough for me, I was gifted a mixture of Lush items for Christmas. A soap bar, a bath bomb, a dry shampoo, and a few other random items. All of their products are made with top shelf ingredients and they have around an 80% VEGAN ratio. Every product they offer, there is a Vegan selection of. Also, they list the ingredients in the store when purchasing so you can look for or avoid that certain oil, herb, or extract your looking for. For me, my skin and Bergamot don't mesh, so it was easy for me to avoid those products.  The staff: WOW AGAIN!! They were so helpful, not at all pushy, and they were very knowledgeable about their stuff! I was a newbie in the actual store and with the assistance of the friendly people here, I was comfortable shopping around. They also had samples, and beverages. Not sure if that's a normal thing since this was my first visit, but it was a sweet touch. The bath bombs: uhhh, I could write a review about these alone. Want to energize? They have something sweet and citrusy to awaken your senses. Want to relax, there is a chamomile and lavender bath bomb. There are sex bombs (no explanation needed), twilight bombs, (shoots out sparkles and beautiful colors), and TONS more! I left with a butter bomb, honey bomb, blue dreams, and at least 5 others. You drop the entire ball in your bath and watch it do wonders. It was the prettiest bath I had ever taken, AND it made my entire house smell like sweet oils! My skin was soft, and let me just tell you now, I AM ADDICTED!  I can't wait to go back! Considering the products are organic, they DO not advertise other than word of mouth, and their employees must be paid well because they are so happy- the prices are a bit high. But let's face it, when it comes to our body and what we put on it and in it- you want to get the good stuff. This place has it. But be prepared to start becoming a regular customer, because they will win you over, I promise.
5 I love this store!!! I love that everything is hand made!! I love that there is no animal testing!! And of course I love their products.   I was first introduced to this store when I got one of their famous bath bombs as a gift. It makes your skin super soft and it smells amazing. After hearing other good things about them, I wanted testers of things before I invested the money. Their customer service here is awesome. The associates are super knowledgable and passionate about the brand. Lala was there the day my friend and I ventured in and she was awesome!   I can now say I'm hooked on their product. My favorite thing is the big shampoo. It's a sea salt shampoo that adds volume and body to limp hair. It smells so clean and my hair isn't oily the next day. Their massage bars are awesome too. It's literally a solid bar of massage oil that melts with your body heat. You can use it to massage away your aches and pains or you can use it with a partner ;) wink wink. And of course their famous bath bombs are a must!! They also have fragrances, face masks and soaps.   Go in and let the associates take care of you. You'll walk out with super smooth skin and some samples if you aren't ready to commit. But believe me, you'll be back to purchase once your samples run out.
