5 I've visited their store a few times, each time it looks better. More new inventory. Great rifle selection. Jason, is knowledgeable and creates a great vibe.   I purchased a pistol there yesterday, amazing price and quick service. Will recommend to all of my friends and will return to do business here again.
3 Good price on items. However, I was promised a deal online and over the phone only to have a significantly lower offer after visiting the store. If you are buying new, this place is cool but don't waste your time if you plan on doing anything else (trade, consignment, etc). Ammo was pricey.
5 Knowledgeable and friendly staff. Decent collection of firearms and ammunition. Prices are in line with other local dealers.    Jason the owner was a pleasure to deal with. Traded-in a handgun for one better suited for my wife. I took a slight loss on the deal, understanding the need for dealer profit as well as saving myself the hassle of a face-to-face deal with strangers (and deadbeats). Wife is happy she now has a handgun she can confidently and competently operate,  the owner made a profit. Win-win!  Free range time at Green Valley Range with purchase of handgun (not sure about long guns).   Will definitely check them out for any future firearms needs.
1 Have a very high mark up on ammunition and firearms. Expect to pay full MSRP or 100-200% more on various items. Took full advantage of ammo shortage with marking up hard to find ammo to amounts that take advantage of their customers. Suggested that they be more competitive and price match other companies in town and they blocked me from their Facebook as a result. Shows how good their customer service skills are (obvious sarcasm). To sum it up, Long Mountain Outfitters is only a minute away from them and will treat you like a person and not just a source of income. Go there for the best pricing and customer service.
5 After a few visits to Urban I do not need to go to another gun store. Jason and his staff are very helpful.  If they don't have what you need they will find it and order it for you. Their Products And inventory selection seem to be expanding every week.  If you want personal service versus (were doing you a favor attitude of other stores)  go see Jason
