5 Went to the soft opening on June 1st, and loved it!  I was very glad to have an Italian restaurant opening up nearby, and was looking forward to getting in there and trying the food.  First off, the appetizers made the meal for me.  I got the meatball sliders, which were topped with pecorino cheese and arugula--delicious!  My boyfriend got the seafood plate (the name of which was in Italian of course, so you will forgive me for not remembering it), and it was even better.  The squid especially was cooked to perfection, and was probably the best I have ever had.  The sauce on the side paired with it perfectly, and the breading was superb.    The main dishes didn't disappoint--I got the funghi pizza and was blown away by how great it was.  The crust was perfection.  We had a slight hitch when the server brought my boyfriend the wrong dish (Pomodoro instead of Vognole), but it was quickly remedied.  He ended up eating most of the Pomodoro, and really liked it--the sauce was light and fresh.  When he got the Vognole, he said it was exceptionally good.  Dessert for me was only so-so.  They ran out of gelato (understandable given how busy they were), and we ended up with Panna Cotta, which I am not really a fan of.  Boyfriend ate it and loved it.  I also have to say that their bar prices are really reasonable.  Two beers and two amaretto and sours came to just over $15 with tax.  Overall, a great experience, and we can't wait to go again!
5 Great Italian food, what more can I say from a 1st generation Italian raised on great Italian food in Brooklyn, NY.
5 Saturday June 8, Celebrated our son Steve's birthday with a family dinner at Pacino's in Mesa.The food was awesome the service from our waiter Mike was great with loads of fun added. Frank and Alicia are the perfect host and hostess, greeting us at our table. I highly recommend Pacino's, as a 1st generation Italian raised on great Italian food.  Buon appetito e Mile Grazie
3 My wife and I and two friends went Saturday night 6/8.We ordered the mussels for and appetizer. The women ordered the Italian sangria which never came. The server came over told us they lost the mussel ticket and it would be awhile longer. The mussels came I found them mushy, the other people didn't..I ordered the Fra Diavolo fish pasta not spicy, but a nice pomodoro sauce. My wife had the sliders not bad ,but not enough sauce, they were dry.The other couple were mildly happy with their meals, The food wasn't bad but nothing to get excited about. Red White and Brew has it all over this restaurant.
5 Our evening was perfect. We loved the Calamari right from the start, our entrees were delicious and we finished with the fabulous dessert.  The restaurant is themed after Al Pacino, so look forward to going back in time with the appropriately outfitted staff to the music, the beautiful paintings and hospitality.  The hostess, the entertainment, waitstaff, appetizers, entrees, dessert, Frank & Alicia, we couldn't have asked for a nicer evening. Looking so forward to visiting again soon!
5 The Meatball Sliders and the Bolognese was off the chain. Service, quality, and value well worth the visit. Perk
4 My husband and I have been to Pacino's many times and truly enjoy this restaurant! Frank and Alicia have created a warm and friendly place in town to sit, eat and relax! We've eaten fra diavolo, mussels marinara and pizza margherita! AND have purchased two paintings (Thanks, Lauren!) to hang in our new home! We will definitely be going back!
5 Great Experience....Went with my husband & teenage son, food was delicious.  Started with the meatball sliders, they are so tender, melt in your mouth good.  I had the bolognese, lots of flavor and just the right portion size.  The boys had the little ears, can't find this dish anywhere else and the FraDiavlo-pasta with clams, shrimp &  mussels. They were so tender and everything was served hot...I loved the bread and olives they put on the table...  The staff is friendly & courteous, good ambiance and the decor is very nice.  Great locally owned spot, which I always prefer to support the locals... will be back again and again !!
4 We were warmly greeted when we arrived and promptly seated. Our server was very polite, pleasant and attentive. I wanted a glass of wine but didn't have a wine list but our server brought one as soon as I asked.  We ordered a Cesar salad to share. My son ordered pizza & I had the scallops with mushroom risotto. Everything was very good. The scallops were perfectly cooked. My only complaint is that pizza came before we finished our salad and before my scallops.  One other minor point of contention; there was no-one at the hostess stand when we left; it sort of felt like our evening was unfinished without being thanked for visiting or wished a good evening. We will be back; hopefully the very small annoyances will be resolved.
4 Pacino's might be the closest thing in the desert that makes authentic tasting 'Italian' food. I came here for lunch recently with my son and was greeted promptly by the hostess. I ordered a lunch sandwich called the 'grinder' and my son ordered a huge calzone (that Mom finished off that evening for dinner). As an appetizer we had some sort of seafood appetizer which had seared scallops, shrimp, calamari strips, etc....the seared scallops were awesome! f I could just get an order of that.....heaven. Moreover, our dishes were great tasting.  The decor in the venue is nice. a few murals to Al Pacino....which were kinda creepy, however, tasteful. I suspect someone has a thing for Mr. Pacino.....because I saw a guy walking around the place who even looked like Mr. Pacino, however, was NOT him. The venue is nice.   I will return here, however, not for lunch, and perhaps a 'date night' with the Mrs. We will leave the kid at home.   So if you venture off to these parts, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
3 We went last Saturday night and it was awesome. Place was packed, live music, food was great. Bartender was sssslllllooooww, but we let it slide, we realize they are working out the kinks, we get it.  Decided to give it another whirl tonight, as it was getting late and we wanted to stay local. My husband and I arrive at 9pm for reverse happy hour. They have a simple but great and reasonably priced happy hour menu. Caesar salad $5 truffle fries $3, artichoke dip  with crostini bread $4, marguerita pizza $6, salmon salad on a bed of greens ( really good) and a burger, ( didn't love) . Anyway, this place has awesome owners and the wherewithal to succeed, however, Leon, the " bartender" is gonna take em down if they keep him behind the bar.  He seems super sweet and genuine, but the worst bartender on the planet, it's almost comical. Also, after 9pm, dim the lights a little and invest in a sound system. I felt like I was sitting in my house at my kitchen counter. Its all about Ambience ambience ambience!  Also, the eggplant parm $14 was delicious and my husband ordered the meatball sliders both times we've been. That means he likes them a lot.   I am excited to have a local place that caters to the hip 40's crowd who don't always wanna go to Scottsdale when we want a nice upscale dinner and drinks.
5 He who must eat and I have been to Pacino's twice and we are looking forward to the next time! The service is great, food is tasty with enough variety without having a cumbersome menu. Service  at the bar is friendly the Social Hour hummmms with happy patrons. The Live Entertainment on weekend is a real bonus.  The owner is there taking care of business and it shows.So glad they have chosen to be in the neighborhood and looking forward to enjoying many more tasty treats.
5 We've eaten at Pacino's five times, both in the restaurant and take-out. The food is excellent. The staff is very nice and attentive, including taking take-out orders over the phone. We're really pleased to have a new high quality family-run local restaurant nearby. If you live in the Alta Mesa-Red Mountain-Las Sendas area we recommend them, including take-out.
4 Service was great and it had a really cool theme - all the waiters dressed in Al Pacino costumes from the movies.  My wife liked her scallops, but I didn't care too much for my chicken saltimbocca.  I think the whole pieces of sage over the chicken was a bit overpowering.  The broccoli rabe, while cooked well, needed a bit better of a wash before doing so.  The burrata was nothing to write home about.  3.50 for a draft Peroni is not only a great price, but it's tough to find on tap!  We'll be back for drinks and to try the pizza.
5 Atmosphere+great wine+delicious food.  Recommend reservations, going to be hard to get a table once word gets around.
5 We now have the real deal for Great Italian food right in our backyard of Las Sendas-Yippeee!!!!
5 Great menu across the board.  The meatballs are some of the best around, the sausage tasted homemade, the bread is all homemade...and the tiramisu was perfect.  The place has live music and the patio will be perfect once it cools down a bit.
5 Welcome to the east valley!!  So glad to have a real Italian restaurant nearby - it's about time.  Visited Pacino's for lunch today with my son.  My son ordered the pasta in vodka sauce with prosciutto and peas and I ordered the lunch special Stromboli.  Both dishes were recommended by our server (and owner we later found out) and she was so right.  The pasta dish had plenty of delicious creamy sauce with plenty of crispy chunks of prosciutto.  The stromboli can only be described as layers of flaky pizza dough stuffed with pepperoni and homemade sausage filling topped off with cheese garlicky goodness.  The stromboli was served with a nice bowl of red sauce for your dipping pleasure.  Both dishes were large portions, not the standard lunch size, and could have easily been shared by two along with a side salad.  Didn't have room for dessert but can't wait to come back for dinner and try more.  The owners Frank and Alicia were so friendly and the service was excellent.  Thanks again for a delicious lunch and introducing Mesa to real Italian food.
5 Great atmosphere especially for happy hour. Have to get there early for a seat because the place fills up fast. Delicious food and a lot of it so bring an empty stomach. Service is great with fun stuff that look like they are having a blast. Great food from amazing chefs and awesome live entertainment on the weekends. The owners really make you feel at home. If you haven't been here, you are missing out.
4 Dear owners a) thanks for coming to ne Mesa aka restaurant waist land ... Ok we've got a few good spots out here in this beautiful corner of the valley but our visit today for lunch was excellent!!!! Our server was a delight . The beet salad was delicious as well as the mussels in a nice spicey tomato broth service was good as well
4 Very surprising restaurant. Been looking for a good, non-chain italian restaurant since moving to this area and finally found it!  Service is fine and food is very tasty, seasoned well with fresh ingredients. The tiramisu is wonderful!!  Love a place that's generous with garlic and spice. Can't wait to try it again!
5 Amazing food!  Great atmosphere, excellent service.  This is on my weekly must eats list
5 Live entertainment (tonight was Taylor Jayne an amazing up and coming star) awesome food(meatball sliders, mussels, pasta) and owners that roam  the restaurant welcoming all and making you feel like family.  This is my new favorite place!
5 I've been to this place several times now.  I've never been disappointed. The food is fantastic every time.  For the money, you can't beat their happy hour. $6 pizza, $6 burger, $6 salmon. Great food and affordable in Mesa that's not a chain place!  Sign me up!
3 My husband and I live in N. Scottsdale. We came down here to meet friends who were in from Canada. The service was excellent. We loved our servers BUT when my chicken came out, it was about 75% raw. I kindly sent it back but asked for a different dish. This took another 20 minutes and everyone else was finished eating.  My only complaint was that no one, not even the manager, who helped our server tally up our bill (we witnessed this), never offered to take anything off the bill. Offer a glass of wine, take the replacement pizza off the bill. SOMETHING. We believe if there is a big mistake, comp something. Probably won't return.
3 My wife and I had lunch here yesterday. The waitress was good, she forewarned us that she usually works nights and this was her first time on days. That being said, to the meal. I wanted the Veal piccata, but did not want the vegetable so I asked if I could substitute some macaroni as the side. She checked at the counter and said that would be fine - no up charge was mentioned.  The dish arrived with two rather small pieces of Veal and a small dollop of spaghetti as they don't have Angel hair. The Veal was on the tough side, but the piccata sauce was wonderful.  My wife ordered the Chicken Parmesan which was good. The sauce could have been a little Spicer, but that's personal taste. It came also with a brief dollop of spaghetti with Marinara sauce.   Overall the meal was acceptable.   BUT... then came the bill. The Veal  Piccata was billed at $17.00 not $14.00 as the menu listed it. We called the waitress over and questioned the charge. She stated that was the up charge for the spaghetti. We further asked why we weren't told at the time we ordered? She said "oh that was my fault!" And that was that.   We might have gone back, but not after that.
2 Pacinos is having an identity crisis. Using Osaka Blues brewery glasses from Colorado for beer. Smells like cleaning fluid instead of yummy Italian food, bartender eating behind the bar. Phantom musician has the keyboard set up , but is nowhere to be found, just like every other time we have ever been here. Good owners, good hardworking people, put all their money and time into this investment, it it just too bad they are stuck in the conundrum of figuring it all out. People wanna be where it's "cool" to be. Make it warm cozy and comfortable, it is too sterile in here. Put some  Wood wainscoting on the walls, some heavy drapery, again, lower the lighting, put candles on the tables, the bartender is eating a full meal behind the bar, sure there are only 6 people in here, but you can't stop performing just because the crowd is small. Bring us over a few fresh ravioli, make us want to call our friends up and have them meet us down here because we are having such a good time. Engage us. Do something, do anything!
2 Awesome location and I like the bar but that's about it. The service borders on atrocity. We went for the special "wine tasting dinner experience" but when we walked in, there were two long tables pushed together to accommodate about 24 people and there were 4 people sitting there in their sixties. So we decided to forego that "experience" and just head to the bar until the rest of our party was ready to sit down for dinner. The bartender was nice but a bit socially awkward it seemed. We got our drinks, socialized for 20 minutes then elected to grab our table. Moving 5 feet from the bar to our table was the least painful experience of the evening. We ordered our individual meals and all wanted the Caesar salads to start. They brought house salads (not a big deal to me, but my my GF's mom really wanted Caesar so she understandably asked to have them sent back). So the server brings the "Caesar" salads and they consisted of a pile of lettuce, a little dressing, and I think some pulled the 'loosen the pepper-shaker cap' trick on the chef....4 times. So, once again we sent them back and just conceded that we'd get a half decent salad so we gave up on them. The waitress apologized again and offered  the excuse that "um, so our salad guy went, like, somewhere and another guy that doesn't do salads did them. So, sorry about that guys." Restaurant's have salad-guys? ***....I'm getting hand-cramps from writing this on my phone so I'm just going to skip to the end. My girlfriend ordered the ravioli and it literally was a plate with 5 ravioli on it. It was $16. Lastly, our cheesecake was seriously some sort of Costco packed puck of cheesecake slapped on a plate with a caramel sauce squirted across it. $7 including the little wax-paper coaster that it sits on while in the freezer. So yeah, 2 stars for at least having cold beer and a decent bar. Sorry, but it's not enough to get me back there though.
5 The food was nothing short of phenomenal. The staff is nice, along with a great atmosphere and possibly the best happy hour menu around (3pm-close).
4 Great atmosphere! Owners Frank & Alicia treat you like a guest in their home. Happy hour 7 days a week! (I almost don't want to share what a gem this place is, so I can keep it to myself.) The meatball sliders are amazing, and there's a pork chop with polenta on the Happy Hour menu for only $7!! My parents are regulars here now, and I can see why. If I lived closer I would be too!   All in all, a great place for homemade Italian dishes (and desserts) that is perfect for the area!
1 great place to go and have  cocktails and wine, but as a restaurant in this building that has failed in the past the owners are not very outgoing to new guests, have gone to this establishment 8-9 times in the past 2 months and not once have either of the owners acknowledged us by saying hi or how are how are you when walking by. they seem to greet patrons they know .  but as someone that is in the hospitality industry, I would want to make every guest that steps into my establishment feel special by greeting them with a hello or shaking hands making sure I appreciate their business getting to know them. The bartender/manager in charge when Alicia and Frank are off is more accommodating and welcoming than they are. One of the reasons I would return. not the owners
1 Pacino's fell short on all requirements of a good restaurant. So it is Valentines Day night. I called in ahead of time and asked about the wait time, a discombobulated hostess shouted about in my ear trying to find out who could clean tables and how long and finally tells me they have one table open. We were there in a matter of only 5 minutes and saw plenty of open tables but shrugged it off. We waited while the table cleared and were sat down. After waiting nearly 25 minutes I finally caught the attention of a hostess and asked when we could expect to see our server and if we could see a menu. It is only now that I am told no menus are available that I can only opt in for their $40 per person 4 course pre fixe meal and neither one of us are 4 course hungry. I just asked that she have the server come over to the table to talk with us. *now quick side note I am an extremely observant person so when we were waiting for a table to clear earlier at the hostess desk I noticed the woman who should have been our waitress crying and being consoled by a girl near the front desk. Now I also have an empathetic heart and had felt sympathy for the woman when I saw this but if she had something going on that was interrupting her ability to work she should have gone and spoken with her manager for a solution*  Our waiter finally did come over and asked if we had questions about the pre fixe, I mentioned that we had never been told it was the only option and asked if we could order al a carte from the options available for the night. I was very kind yet firm in my request and before I even finished I got an onslaught of excuses, "the computers can't input that" "we don't have the capability" he even went as far as to begin to explain their food coding system and then finally did the right thing and said "let me check to see if that is possible" his frustration showed through his voice and eyes but he came back and let me know they could and then inflated the al a carte prices pretty exorbitantly $25 for 5 shrimp raviolis $23 for their chicken with squash and scalloped potatoes on the side. His service got better as the night progressed and as he understood that my appreciation for him accommodating the request was not fake. My date said his food was good and mine was seeming the same until I bit into the middle of the ravioli and found that the center on each of them was still ice cold. I should have said something but I didn't, I was just tired from the day and the escapades already so I ate them avoiding the center on each. The food was good, minus the frozen centers, but I have to be honest in saying that Alessia's Ristorante Italiano down the way is of much better quality, taste and most importantly service. I also wanted to discuss the attitude of the owner, or at least I assume he was an owner or manager. He wore brightly colored red/orange pants with a striped orange shirt and graciously greeted every guest around us except our table. This was absolutely appalling! He even stopped by a table of what appeared to be regulars several times, laughing and personally removing their finished plates. I have a background with customer service and so I decided to give him a chance as not to misinterpret the body language of our table and looked him dead eye until he saw me and still I got nothing, not a polite head nod or a simple thank you. You really can not treat your guests like that, they have chosen to devote their time, money and valentines day to your restaurant and that is how you treat them? I think he is forgetting that his guests are who create their success, without us there won't be a need for what you have to offer. Any way, the only two good things I did experience were this, our waiters attitude finally turning around midway through our meal and I wish we would have been seated outside because I watched another waitress in a red dress hustling back and forth from the kitchen to the outside without skipping a beat giving her guests a great experience on their valentines day. I could tell because each person I could see through the open doors had a bliss filled smile on their face, the way everyone should have been made to feel that night.
4 On Valentine's day, they offer only a four course set menu. It was great. But under these conditions, I will need to update my review based on the normal menu. What did we have? Marscapone Bruschetta; Salad with gorgonzola, raisins and pine nuts; Hanger Steak, Salmon, and Airline Chicken Breast. For dessert we all shared a mixed selection: Mini Cannoli's, and Salted Carmel Cheesecake.  In technical terms, I would sum-up the meal as follows: Yummy!
5 Great lunch specials. I was nervous coming here originally because this area has historically just been okay. This was a mistake. I had the buffalo blue burger and was amazed by the quality of the ingredients. Very pleased by our experience.
1 We've been here 2-3 times and only repeated hoping the previous bad experience was a fluke. No more. Poor service, cold food that should have been hot, slightly wrong orders, and the list could go on. The owner typically is just sitting at the bar looking dejected and the live music they have is subpar and loud. No more tries.
5 My mother-in-law took my husband and myself here for his late birthday dinner. My husband says we are definitely going back.  He raved about it the whole time. As you can tell from previous reviews, he's not always a rave every restaurant kind of guy.  The portions are, as expected, Italian kitchen big. The food was delicious.  The ambiance was nice, yet casual.   Overall: Delicious!!
5 This is my fourth visit here and every meal was excellent, fair priced and service is superb. The owner and his wife always check in with the customers and are always very pleasant.
5 My husband took me here for a birthday lunch/dinner and I thought the food and service was outstanding. Shannon took very good care of us. I started off with the antipasto salad which was fresh and tasty. I really liked the balsamic dressing and the lettuce greens. I would have like more meat and cheeses but I still enjoyed it. I ordered the chicken parmigiana and it was delicious! The pasta was cooked perfectly (and I'm a snob about el dente pasta) and the chicken was cooked perfectly with a nice mixture of crispy outside and moist inside. They didn't skimp on the cheese either; melted to perfection and lightly browned. The sauce was a chunky tomato with just the right amount of seasonings. My husband ordered the meatball sliders which are a combination of pork, veal and beef and they were outstanding! Large enough that with the sliders and a salad he was full. I would order either of these dishes again next time I visit. And oh yeah...there WILL be a next time!
