1 Undergoing cancer treatment is difficult.  Undergoing cancer treatment at Ironwood Cancer & Research Center is HELL!  We were on time for our appointment and still waited 2 hours for the infusion.  The infusion center was overflowing with patients.  Family members had no where to sit.  The nurses constantly bumped into me and asked me to move as they tried to maneuver through the aisle. A treatment that was supposed to last 2 hours lasted 5.   We are leaving Ironwood and I would never recommend it.  Ardon, the infusion nurse is especially rude.
1 I wish I had read the above feedback prior to wasting 3 hours I can never get back today at this office - Ironwood Cancer and Research Center. I had a follow-up appointment from a recent hospital stay. I made the appointment last week with Dr. Tara Iyengar, MD - receptionist//she adv that her first appt was at 12:30pm, I re-arranged my entire schedule to meet this doctor's times as she was "part time doctor" I was told. I get to the office, paperwork completed, paid my copay, and processed to sit for 1.5 hours and NOTHING//I asked - the person at the front desk tells me my appt was at 1pm, I said it was not - she then tells me that they tell everyone half an hour early so they are on time. I was livid as I am never late - and I set this up as an hour time frame to return from work. I waiting another 35 min, finally asked for my copay back which they wanted to keep when I reschedule. I politely advised I will be locating another doctor. It was unreal, a waste of 3 hours of my day, ill-qualified staff and the office is a mess, disorganized and full of people - "waiting"! My suggestion is head the advice listed - find a new doctors' office as this one does not deserve you as their patient. I was appalled that they are so inconsiderate of my time - unbelievable, A simple phone call, or explanation would have saved us all a lot of time. Thank you however for reminding me of how thankful I am for my doctors who do not WASTE my time! Best to move on - trust me.
3 Southwest Oncology was much better before they were sold out to Ironwood Cancer Centers. The office was much more organized with patients infusion treatments being prepared & given in a timely manner. My cousin who has been going to Ironwood for 18 months now will wait 1-2 hours in infusion room once she is called back before her treatments actually begin. Many of the infusion nurses were friendly and very comforting before Southwest Oncology & Hematology was bought out. All the friendly nurses for the most part are gone do to the purchasing and according to the nurses that left to go elsewhere that I spoke with. They left do to their hourly pay being cut once Ironwood purchased Southwest Oncology. Best to look for a new oncology office that will assist you and provide true customer service instead of settling for very little especiallytjose of you that are sick and in treatment!!
2 I started my visits when this was Southwest Hematology Oncology, and was very pleased. When they merged with Ironwood, things went downhill. I have not seen my original oncologist n a year. He always seems to be out of the office when I need to schedule follow-up appointments. I have difficulty getting scans scheduled, having phone calls returned, and getting the information I need. I'm looking for a new oncologist.
