2 This place screeeeaams disorganization. I had a great first appointment, a shitty second appointment and a complete change of heart about this place.  This place is formally known as Body Solutions & Hair Removal. I came here on another Groupon to get my arms done. When I came in, I had to re-enter all my info and Groupon data because they had just gotten robbed a few days ago. They made it work and I got my appointment right away even though I was 40mins early. Awesome.  The laser they use is the Alexandrite which slowly heats up but doesn't shock or zapp you. They place some gel (similar to what to get in ecographs) and they move the laser in random directions across the area. Its pain free (unless you have hair there, which will feel a little tingly) and it just feels warm on the body.   During my appointment, I expressed my interest in getting laser in a small area and re-do some of the work I had already gotten  (at another location) on my legs. The lady managing the laser told me that next time I had time with her, she could do a test area to see if my skin would react positively to the laser (before I purchased a package). She also told me I would pay $25 for 15mins on my legs. Cool. She also told me that she was using the max potency on the laser because that is what they always do at Spa810. I was cool with that (i've always reacted well to lasers) as I usually have to make sure they are increasing the levels at each appointment.  Great. Right? No.  Next appointment. Not so great. I got there 30mins early again but didn't get attended until about 10mins after my actual appointment time (so I waited 40mins). I noticed that there was a girl in the hallway just chilling, and she ended up being the one who worked on me. Hmmm, was she refusing to help me until it was her time? During my appointment, I ask her if she was using the maximum setting. She says "no, I upped it once since last time. You were only a 6/10 or 7/10 last time". WTF. The previous girl lied to me. This girl continued with "yeah we can't start your first appointment with the highest setting. I don't know why she would tell you that".  Liar Liar pants on fire.  And it gets worse. They have a birthday bash (which they keep spamming me about) that everything you buy, you get the second one for $6. So, I told the front lady I wanted to buy some time for my full legs using the deal. She then told me that I had to pay the $250 for a full session of legs or a Groupon package for just half of a leg. WTF? but I was told differently! "No, sorry, we can't offer those timed-paid systems if you haven't had your full package here" "But I already got my legs lasered, I don't want to get another package, I just need a touch up session" "Sorry we can't help you. I don't know why the girl would tell you otherwise"  Yeah me neither. I don't know why their staff keeps contradicting themselves. On EVERYTHING. As I was scheduling my appointment the front lady said "6-8 weeks out right?" and I looked at the technician, and say "wait didn't you JUST tell me 4 weeks?" She raises her shoulders and says "i dunno, thats what I always do". So now those 2 are having a discussion about how long to wait between sessions. Great. Wonderful (sarcasm), Glad we are all aligned here.  Oh! They had my email wrong in the system but I still got all their advertisements. I gave them the right email so I could get an appointment confirmation. No appointment confirmation, just more "Birthday Bash" spam. GREAT.  Only 4 more sessions to go and I'm already pissed at this place. Ugh
4 I bought a Groupon from this place about a year ago and it was the best purchase ever! I don't usually get spa treatments because I can't afford them. But this groupon was a great deal. It was a facial massage combo. It was incredible!! Not only were both treatments top notch, but both of my girls were SOOO knowledgeable and accommodating to my needs. I have since been back several times, in fact they were my go-to gals for getting my spa needs for my wedding! Love this place!
1 I had an appointment for a massage/facial for Sunday.  AZ Storms came through & Scottsdale was flooded & we were still getting a hard rain!!  It was not safe to drive.  I called Club 810 and explained the situation.  Due to hazardous road conditions I wanted to cancel & reschedule.  The person who answered the phone told me her manager - Angel would call me back.  Well, Angel told me that  I would be charged a $25 cancellation fee because those are the rules.  This was not my choice to cancel the appt.  I was not going to drive in hazardous conditions!    I hope you saw the news last night or read the paper this morning.  Scottsdale got 1.50 inches of rain.  Did you see Cactus Park?  There was a car in the parking lot with water up to its hood.    Sometimes rules are meant to be broken.   You'll lost a customer.....  Joan O
5 Immediately impressed!!! I loved the price points on the spa810 membership and to know it included three services under the  same roof was UNBEATABLE!!!  While I was waiting for my facial, I was greeted by the owner, Lori Olson.  She and I went through the organic product line that the spa sells and uses on your as your get your facial.  The Esthetician was extremely knowledgable and very friendly and sensitive to my needs.  I felt,relaxed, rejuvenated and in need of MORE! I do not get out to spas very often but I signed up for the Membership Program and I am now a dedicated client of spa810!
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!   Finally, a business that actually gets the concept of FANTASTIC CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!    Pain free laser hair removal!!!!   awesome! The SPA810 staff could not have been nicer from the second I walked in the door to the professional and fabulous skin therapists.   Gorgeous, relaxing decor.  The girl at the front  who likes EXACTLY like Kelly Ripa, was so sweet and kind to me, she really made me feel welcome and answered all of my questions. I had a custom facial too, and felt as though I was at a five star resort-  Katelyn treated me and my skin like a I was a rock star!!!!!!!!  She explained all the products she used and how they will help my skin in the future and in in between my treatments.  Prices are so affordable-   it really is affordable luxury!!!   Spa810 told me about their  membership club, I can go every month for my treatment  AND I got six discount coupons for my friends and family to come get treatments!  I love being a member  at this spa and can not wait to go back!!!    SPA810 is onto to something, this place is great! !!!!!!!!!
5 I started getting e-mails from them while I was in Oregon.  There was a summer deal I couldn't resist.  I called them and told them I was out of town and I would love to try them when I was back in town.  Hailey answered the phone and booked me, she was very helpful and nice.  The day of my service I had a wonderful experience.  My facial and microdermabrasion was delightful, I was resting in this cocoon like table that massages you while you get your facial.  After, I got my massage.  I was so pleased with my experience that I talked to Lori and I became a member.   A few days later I bought their deal for laser hair removal, what a deal, 6 sessions for my lower legs for $298.  I had that service done 10 years ago, so I know I am getting a great deal.
5 Bought a crazy good deal on hair removal on Groupon, for this spa not too far from where I live.  Got a pretty good deal, as I bought the Groupon for a small area, which happened to include the underarms, which most packages, underarms are a medium area.  Was able to schedule within a few days of buying my Groupon, and was seen by Katelyn for my first visit.  She was very sweet, and i felt very comfortable right from the beginiing, as she explained everything prior to and during the actual service.  Was checked out quickly and was able to reschedule my next appointment at a convenient time.  Sometime when I try to use the Groupons I purchase, either I feel like the service/product is lacking because of the reduced price, or I feel like I am being treated differently than a full paying client, but that's not how I felt at all here.  I always tip on the regular price, usually more especially if I get really good customer service, which I did from Katelyn.  Can't speak to the effectiveness of the laser hair removal yet, as I've only had 1 appointment, but the customer service deserve's to be recognized.
5 Do not confuse this location with the Spa 810 on Hayden road in Scottsdale! This is the superior location and the one on Hayden Sucks! All of the negative reviews here are directed at the other location.  I have been to both anf this place is quality in treatment and customer service.
5 I absolutely love this place! Janelle is awesome. She is the only person i have gone to, and I don't need to try anyone else. I have been going to the location on Scottsdale Rd & Pinnacle Peak for about 2 years now. They are always pleasant on the phone while scheduling appts, very friendly when I arrive and always on time. I have gotten multiple facials with microdermabrasion or dermaplaning. I am addicted to dermaplaning. It does wonders for my skin. I suffered from adult acne and have acne scarring and since going to Spa810 I have noticed much improvement. They offer great monthly specials which I love taking advantage of. During the summer the glacial facial was heavenly! I have never had a problem with any breakouts after any facials and the products they use are wonderful. I haven't gotten around to having any Botox or massages, but when I do I will update my review. Forgot to mention that I appreciate that they don't push you to purchase products. I always wait a few days to make sure my skins responds well and then come back to buy the goods. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
3 I was very impressed with the Hayden locations pain free hair removal. It's actually very pain free compared to other laser hair removals I've had. I did the Groupon deal. I am however, frustrated as all heck because I've called 3 or 4 times now and left voicemails to schedule another and no one has called back!!!!!!! Therefore, they aren't going to get a good review for me as I can't even schedule a darn appointment.
5 I have been going to this spa for about two years when I originally got a groupon for a massage and facial. I have always gotten wonderful massages and facials. The facials smell wonderful too. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have great deals when you are on their mailing list! I wish I could go more often but I live about 45 minutes away. :(
