4 Dr. Veena Khunkhun is a very nice lady that does a very good job of making a horrible situation as easy as possible.  She came to euthanize our vey old dog and showed up at the scheduled time. She showed up with an assistant that was very nice.  LIKES: She doesnt ask you for more money to "sedate" your dog. Nor should any vet that does euthanasia. Its inhumane to think about not sedating a dog first.  She is very pleasant.  Her assistant is very pleasant.  Her price was fair. As fair as 30 mins of "work" could be i suppose.  DISLIKES:  I found it distasteful when the whole family is laying on the floor with the pet that is soon departing to ask for the check. Finance issues should really be taken care of via phone in situations like this or the day prior. Its just, tacky.  She does not deliver the ashes back from the crematorium. This is something that some in home pet euthanasia docs do offer and we personally would have preferred that.
5 This is an amazing service for Vets to come in to your home to offer euthanasia services without even knowing your animal prior.  I was so fortunate to find them as my dear cat Buddy's cancer spread so fast that I had just one day to figure out a terribly difficult situation.  I just hated the thought of putting him in the car to take him to be euthanized, with his last memories of life being in terror. I was so grateful to find this service to come in to the comfort of my home and offer this service.  The Vet and assistant were kind and professional and unrushed.  They made sure I had plenty of time to say my final painful goodbyes.  They were kind and compassionate to me start to finish. Dr. Veena contacted me almost immediately after writing an inquiry.  She arranged the appointment for the following day around my schedule after a thorough and very kind telephone consult. In addition to sedating my precious cat and allowing him to relax with me quietly before the final medication was given, they provided a clay paw print of him as part of the package. I paid in advance and they took credit cards easily.  I don't mind going to pick up the ashes when they are ready.  I expected that. I found the fee entirely reasonable and far less than what I would have expected for this concierge type service. I feel much more at peace having used this service although I did lose my precious cat of 15 years.  If that had to happen, which was inevitable, this service made it so much easier for me. I will recommend Angel Vet to anyone I know needing euthanasia for their dear pet. Thank you.
5 Angel Veterinary services was a GOD SENT!! Going through this horrible time of laying my Ruby 11 year old german shepard to rest. Dr. Venna Khunkhun was very soothing and totally understood every aspect of my grief and situation without even knowing Ruby or I. Her wonderful comforting staff made me feel at peace with my decision and treated Ruby like a queen. The level of compassion and professionalism that they showed me and Ruby is unforgettable. I will forever be eternally grateful to these three amazing women. They went beyond from what I expected of Angel Veterinary Services from Ruby's paw print, a thoughtful condolence card that I received from them prompted me to come here and write my review. Thank you and I know Ruby is smiling at all of us from doggy heaven.
5 Dr. Veena was extremely professional, comforting, and made herself available to accomodate our schedule.  It is very difficult to consider in home euthenasia for your pet, but I am so glad that we took our baby out of his pain and I am really glad that we used Dr. Veena.  Her rates are reasonable.
5 Tonight I was faced with the difficult decision of relieving my beloved Bogus from suffering. I prayed for guidance. I wanted him to be surrounded by his pack and his loving family. My prayers lead me to Angel Vet. Dr.Veena and her wonderful Tech came out to our home within an hour. Her compassion and empathy gave me great comfort instantly. She reviewed my blood work from my vet and made it abundantly clear my baby was suffering even though he was fighting with his big heart to hang in there for me. I was able to hold him during the procedure. Each step had a gentle  and loving touch. I am so thankful for Dr. Veena. Her task is a difficult one, however she does it with and angelic demeanor. She truly was Bogey's angel tonight! Thank you from all of us. We couldn't have asked for a more peaceful end to such a valued family member.  5 star rating isn't high enough. Sincerely greatful, Rosenquist family
1 First let me say that I had chosen and contacted Angel Vet service because I had numerous recommendations for and about Dr. Veena so I realize that this is just one opinion.   I contacted Angel vet both by phone and using their contact us email from their web site, I received an automated email response saying that "they have received my request and someone would contact me shortly".  24 hours past and no reply, so I left another voice mail - important to remember that this is without a doubt the hardest part and time of having a pet, I had my girl for 12 of her 14 years and having to say good bye to her was incredibly painful. I live in Surprise so perhaps this is not part of Angel vet or Dr Veena's territory, I still don't know because no one has had the courtesy (or decency) to call me or email me back - still!. I found another vet to come to the house and she was incredible, I am going to post a 5 star rating for her.   I am beyond disappointed and quite honestly disgusted that that Dr Veena and/or her staff did not feel it important enough to at the very least get back to a grieving pet owner during this most painful time. Don't send an automated response if you are not going to follow up, your not selling shoes - your business is literally life and death.  In addition to the grief of watching my girl losing her battle, I patiently waited for over 24 hours (and still have not received - 2 weeks later) for a call that I thought would provide support, instead it added grief to an already difficult time.
