2 In March, I opened a "Kasasa" Checking account.  It refunds All ATM fees and pays 2% interest  Unheard of at most banks.  The key is when you use your check-card, you have to press credit and NOT use your PIN.  You have to do that 15 times a month or you don't get the refund.  The problem I had, their security is set so hi, my spending habits shut the card down.  I was never sure which transaction did it, but they never called to see if it was actually my transaction before blocking the card.    I coud still do transactions with a PIN number, but that practice goes against the way the account is supposed to function.  I called after about a week of getting declines.  I was out of town and the woman in card services asked if I had left AZ, when I said yes a travel for my job she said that was the reason.  All transactions out of AZ will apparently lock the card.  Most institutions only do this if you leave the country.  She offered to permanently lift the restriction but I declined and said I would just come in and close the account.  I did not want to take the risk of them telling me I waived my fraud rights if I actually had an identity theft with the account.
1 Their hours are horrible. Mon-fri 9-5. As if the rest of the world doesn't work those hours. So inconvenient and their website is dysfunctional.
1 I had a new vehicle loan through this credit union, had the dealer not set this up for me, I would NEVER use this credit union!! They are ridiculous!! Every contact with them has resulted in something going amiss, from double debiting my account for payments, refunding money to the wrong person or account, inability to locate checks mailed. My vehicle was totaled in an accident and after they received the 85% from my primary insurance, they hounded me for full payments on the account until finally GAP paid the remaining portion in full. Now again, the extended warranty had to issue the check directly to them and of course Altier cannot locate the check, go figure!! The account in paid in full, so this money is owed back to me, but I'm sure it will be another month ordeal to figure out what is going on.   I manage a multimillion dollar company here in Tempe, Arizona and never in my wildest dreams would I consider using or recommending this credit union to ANYONE!
