3 This is a brand new location in Goodyear. Since this is so close to our house we decided to visit on opening day. The first thing we noticed was the small parking lot, which is not really an issue since there is a lot of parking in the shopping center. The restaurant itself is also on the smaller side and was quite busy when we visited. There was a lot of staff there and everyone was very friendly. Our food came out quickly and was better than average. The dining room was pretty loud, but I am pretty sure it was because of the opening day excitement. Hopefully they will maintain the food quality they have right now.
4 I'm not really a 'fan' of any fast food place but my kid was starving and this was the most readily available option. I was thankfully surprised. The service was fast and incredibly attentive through our entire time in the restaurant. A nice young man checked on us shortly after getting our food and made sure that we had everything we needed.   Not really knowing what to order as I wasn't familiar with their menu, I got just a basic burger. It was quite good and the price was right. My son had chicken 'stars' (nuggets) and fries. The fries left plenty to be desired but all in all, he was really happy.
4 Nice clean location. Fast friendly service. I've gone quite a few times already. I enjoy the .69$ drinks plus we had lots of free coupons from opening day. The zuchinni is really good.
1 Came here for the first time and kids couldn't get the order right. Came all the way home to see that stuff was missing from our order. Note to this location: maybe you shouldn't ask question about the order if you cant take it right. You suck!!
2 This location is really close to home and I like to stop in about once a week in the morning and get an order if biscuits and gravy and a coffee. Sometimes the gravy is awesome with pieces of sausage and a really good biscuit, but more recently the gravy is awful. It is often too thick, but this morning there were giant lumps in it and no sausage. The biscuit was also hard and undercooked. Here's a thought-if it's not ready don't serve it. I would rather be told it's not ready then sent on my way with terrible food. Another peeve-I always order a large coffee and somehow it always comes in a different size cup. I know it's a fast food joint, but a little consistency would be nice.
4 Only complaint I have with this location is that the drive thru time takes quite a while, other then that clean restaurant, friendly staff, and.... Good food I guess. 4 stars!
