5 Clay Forsberg is without a doubt, one of the most skilled, caring practitioners you could ever have the pleasure of having work on your case. I was so distraught and upset with my situation that was so traumatic, when I first encountered him in the ER and then afterward at his offices.  He reassured me and gave me his time and consideration as though he had all the time in the world and really listened to my concerns.  The surgeries he performed went very well and I knew and know now that I made the right decision having him be my doctor.  You couldn't  be in more skilled or caring hands.  He is truly a wonder and I am thrilled to write this review!! Sincerely,  Stephanie Hales http://stephhales.avonrepresentative.com/
5 I couldn't be happier with Dr. Forsberg and his professionalism and skill. In fact, he is the epitome of not only professional, but has an amazing "bedside" manner if you will, which is always helpful when speaking with a doctor.   He's friendly, warm, kind and willing to listen to your thoughts as well as guide you along in helping you with your decisions. He doesn't rush through an appointment, which is what I like the most. He is very interested in doing his utmost for his patient.  I am technically now a former patient since he has relocated, but if I was thinking about having any major procedures done...I would be off to his new office in Phoenix/Scottsdale and he would be the ONLY one I would give my business to.  I for one have never been disappointed in any procedure Dr. Forsberg has done. From Botox to injections, to mole and cyst removals. His skills are second to none. I highly recommend him for all your cosmetic needs and then some. You won't be disappointed as you are in excellent hands with Dr. Clay Forsberg!
5 Dr. Forsberg is a complete professional in all respects. His bedside manner and his knowledge is second to none. He removed something that could have been very problematic down the line. I cannot recommend Dr. Forsberg enough for his help.
