4 When you have been on the beach for several hours and thirsty this is the place to go, probably due to the fact that it is next to the beach helps. Outside they have a beer garden and imagine this wee bar mobbed in the high season with the beach about 20 yards away.  The bar serves light lunches, I do not know what it is like as l did not eat here unless you count the dry roasted nuts.  Now what is confusing is that for a small bar l counted four television sets one had Karaoke playing in the background and no one singing the other had coronation street and everyone was glued to and the other was on but the  volume off the fourth was not turned on. The toilets had their own sound system as it was different music to what was on in the bar and the volume on full.
1 My review update.   In the quieter months this place was ok.  Come the summer months and this place is run wild with dogs and their mess and that's just the inside!   The bar due to its position attracts unsavoury characters out of the woodwork where fights are common here fuelled by drink and bar glasses being thrown.   From being a welcoming bar in the quieter months has turned to the opposite, I've witnessed the peroxide blonde woman in her late 50's give verbal abuse to customers for not paying to use the toilet facilities and l think she was the manager! .   The toilets here need industrial strength bleach as l do not think they have been cleaned in some time and for the bar there is dog's mess on the floor that staff don't even bother cleaning up, the general odour of the bar is of mild rotting sea weed, l thought it was the smell of the sea but soon realized it was the smell of dog excrement.     All you can hear over the music it the swearing by bar staff and the dogs barking.   The food here is no more than a microwaved scotch pie and beans.   If you are ever in the are this is the place to avoid.
5 Pub with a beer garden  Now the weather is slowly warming up, I'm looking forward to sitting outside and sipping a drink while out walking my dog along Portobello promenade, i stumbled across ( cropleys bar) to my surprise the bar was dog friendly i am delighted :)  had a glass of wine and a cheese toastie (perfect afternoon) heated up a little and chilled, there was a tv on in the bar also.  the bar was really clean as was the beer garden, gorgrous view of the beach from the beer garden,  The lady behind the bar was really nice she was so keen to start a conversation,fantastic customer service, if you are out walking along the beach this is the place to be :-)    over all the place was very welcoming  visited march 2014
