4 $1.50 for a huge hotdog and a drink, you really can't beat that. Also, I enjoy their pizza slices as well. It's a nice lunch just to grab while you are there.
5 Love the greasy pizza, it's so gooey and delicious! Also the frozen yogurt is delicious and a steal, drinks are cheap and staff is nice
5 $1.50 for a giant beef hot dog. $10 for some pretty awesome pizza. Gelato, chicken baked, and chicken Caesar salad. Everything is inexpensive and good. You can't beat this place for a quick bite to eat. As always, Costco rules!!!!!! Love this place!
4 Thanks, person who unnecessarily added this "business" to Yelp.  The Costco food court is a good value but also surprisingly delicious. Their hot turkey and provolone sandwich is great. It has surpassed the chicken bake as my go-to item. The mocha freeze or berry smoothie is a good accompaniment. Of course, the best value is the $1.50 hot dog with 20oz drink. But I can never get myself to settle for that.
4 This one has gelato! You can't even just get one scoop, you get three for $1.50.  Trust me, you'll be happy you got the push to get two more scoops.
5 For all of the reasons to step foot inside Costco, their food court ranks at the top for me. Costco brings its commitment to service and quality to your stomach!  Great food at awesome prices, you can't go wrong. The $1.50 giant beef hot dog is probably the only hot dog I will ever eat. $2 for a slice of pizza or $10 for a whole pie is a steal. Better ingredients and much larger than anything you will find at Dominos or Pizza Hut. The food court has snacks such   Be advised - no credit cards, cash only.
5 If you're at Costco and you're anything like me you're definately hittin up the food court on your way out. The food is is good, not great and cheap as anythin. .50 cent drinks 1.50 polish sausage and drink. There's ice cream, sandwiches pizza and gelato.  If you have 5 bucks and needed yourself a good meal costco food court doesn't disappoint. The only negative I would assign them is that they're cash only
5 Seriously, I don't think food can be cheaper than this. My girlfriend, who had never been to Costco before, asked me how they could make this delicious food so cheap. The only thing I could come up with is they are selling it at cost in order to get more people in!  $1.50 for a quarter pound hotdog WITH a fountain drink? Yes please! We couldn't cook dinner cheaper at home unless we were making rice and washing it down with water.   They also have $10 whole pizza pies, and I'm not talking mini pies like dominos, these are 18 inch pies! With the quality I've experienced in their other items (plus a few other customers on line told me it was very good), I don't see why you'd ever buy a whole pizza anywhere else.   The most common thing people write about are the ice creams. I grew up with the frozen yoghurt with berry sauce ($1.65 I believe), and they have continually expanded their offerings. Now they have a mocha frozen drink that many said was unbelievable (and looked unbelievable), and they also had gelato! For like 1.50 for 3 HUGE scoops in a waffle cone. After seeing gelato in the Venetian for like 7 bucks a scoop, I practically threw my money at the Costco cashier (who was super friendly). The gelato was also VERY good (surely not as good as what's at the Venetian but at that price who cares?), what I've come to expect from any Kirkland item.   Lastly they had some interesting items I've never tried purely because they didn't cost 1.50. The beef brisket sandwich looked incredible, not like one of those "looks good in our ad" deals, but when I saw it come out it looked HUGE with a ring around it to keep things nice and clean. Well done.   If you're late night shopping, and don't feel like cooking, stop here and get some delicious mega cheap food, and wash it down with some gelato!
1 I have been shopping at Costco in Summerlin for nearly fourteen years and enjoy shopping here.  I have eaten at the food court on a dozen or so occasions.  This past Thursday night at closing (8:30pm) I ordered a hot dog and added mustard and onions.  I was on my back for the next three days with food poisoning.  I went to Urgent Care late Friday afternoon because I was so sick and was prescribed an antibiotic that is given to people with Anthrax along with an anti-nausea medication.  This is day four and I'm finally able to get up and get around, although I am still weak and tired.  I will never again eat at the Costco Food Court in Summerlin (west Las Vegas).
4 You can't beat this place for the price. Although seating isn't always easy to get, and the line can be long, that lunch bill is kinda awesome. Pizza slices are large, the hot dogs are big, and the cones are a treat.   Someone at my job ordered 2 large pizzas and picked them up. For only $20 total they were tasty and filling and very large. Not skimpy on the layers of crust, cheese and tomato sauce, making even the plain pizza very satisfying.
