4 Excellent service, very clean place & delicious food.  (good prices) Highly recommend! gyro and chicken kabobs
3 I have driven by a few times and finally stopped in to grab a bite. I was slightly confused at their menu because they're a Greek restaurant but also serve fish sticks, chicken tenders and burgers. I feel that's a conflict of interest.  Anyways, I ordered a Philly Gyro with fries and Hummus. The Gyro was actually very, very good along with the fries. The Hummus however, not so much. Just average. The service was good and the place is clean, but lacking decorations and music.   I will be back, but not die to come back.
2 It was a Tues so I didn't expect it to be to busy, BUT NOT AT ALL? !!  We were there 1 1/2 hours and not a single person.  It was a clean establishment (on the older side surely could use remodeling) but the 1st time we were there.  After looking at the below mixed 3 reviews we entered with caution but thought "how could you mess up a gyro"?  There were 5 of us everyone had gyro (I like the simplified version - being greek and all that being just gyro, onions and a good amount of tzatiziki sauce and tomatoe----Hold the lettuce not sure why anyone puts lettuce on gyro.  Well that's not the problem (meat wasn't warm or hot) and then the LAMB KABOBS (the most expensive item on the menu and how bad was that) the amount was like a fajita portion the smallest cubes you can fit on a stick probably 5 on each stick and only 2 sticks..REALLY  A STINGY PORTION TO say the least!!!  So if you want a healthy portion, authentic greek food.....keep on driving and find the nearest "GYRO EXPRESS"You will get what you pay for there!!!
2 A number of  Greek restaurants have popped up in my area; Mika's Greek and Cafe Greco are new, to join Spices Mediterranean an old stand by. Greek Grill & Fry Co is the closest to me making it the most convenient so I really wanted it to be good. Unfortunately it lags behind the others by a mile. I have given it a few chances and each time the food has been mediocre. The lamb in the kabobs was tiny, as others have stated, and tasteless. The gyro meat has been dry and also tasteless. I gave a large Greek salad one last try and it was without feta. What? A Greek salad with tiny sprinkles of feta, like parmesan, but no pieces of feta cheese? It shouldn't even be called a Greek salad. So, I'll drive the few miles to other places. Unfortunately Greek Grill & Fry is simply not competitive with the market these days.
4 I really like this place. Granted, I'm a traditionalist and really have only tried three things on the menu. Everything I've ordered I've gotten to go as I'm usually on the way home when I stop by the restaurant. The chicken kebab meal is excellent and I find myself craving it as are the cheese curds (not traditional but a rare, delicious treat).  I also tried the chicken kebab meal as a sandwich and won't be doing that again. All of the tzaziki was soaked into the pita making for a literal hot mess.  Other than that one off I have nothing but good things to say. The staff are friendly and the food is good. That's really all that I am asking for.
5 Love this place. I eat here at least once a week. Chicken Shwarma, Chicken kabobs, chicken gyro, gyro, and greek salads are all great. I've ordered hummus, falafel, and the cheese curds also. I haven't had a bad meal.
5 I highly recommend giving this place a shot their gyro meat is succulent and tender. The Chicken gyro is amazing as well.
5 Very delicious! Great customer service, quick service and very good. I would highly re commend to anyone
2 I used a groupon here and ordered the vegetarian platter. It was extremely bland and a bit gross. 1) I have never ordered a vegetarian platter without hummus (seriously, where was the hummus!) 2)The rice and fried spinach thing had no flavor 3)that platter would have cost me $10   I have one more groupon and will try something different, but I probably won't go back after that.
2 The food is just ok, but definitely not worth the price. If you want an excellent gyro that is worth every penny,  I recommend Pita Heaven.
3 Just found out about this place, me and some co workers ordered up a few orders of the gyro platters and I have to say that I was satisfied with the meal as were my co workers. My only complaints is that there was not enough Tzatziki Sauce and the pita bread was cut into 4ths so i couldnt actually make a gyro, i more had to just pile on the lamb onto a soft pita chip... I will go back again but will be making a few requests.
4 This is one of the most surprising places I have been to.  Why?  Because you expect it to be greasy, fast-food version Greek food, but it's actually very delicious!  Don't be fooled by the name and the appearance.  the food is fresh and yummy and probably some of the best I have had.  Despite the fact that "fry" is in the title, it's not greasy at all.  And you see them cooking it up right there--nothing frozen or canned.  We love this place.
5 Great food and great prices! The people that work there are very nice too. The place is very clean too, which is nice.
3 Three stars for being close to home. This place doesn't match up to gyro express but The cheese curbs keep me coming back.
4 This restaurant has new owners as of three weeks ago and I love Leyla's Boureks!  I had the Spinach Pie and a Cheese pastry--both were excellent.  My husband had the lamb gyro and liked it but next time he'll order the kebab so the meat is separate.  They also served us Turkish hot tea and a raspberry punch with the meal.  I definitely like the authentic ethnic food from a locally owned business.  We wish the new owners much success!!
5 This place has new owners and MAN! I was so impressed by how they run the place. They truly care what their customers think and desire their customers have a wonderful experience. Went there for lunch and did indeed have a great experience. I got the Greek Salad with Gyro. It was delicious. The salad was fresh with a good assortment of veggies. The dressing was very tasty as well. The pita bread that came with it was SO good. The gyro meat had a flavor that was a little different than most I've had and was a little more greasy than some (not bad). The more I ate the more l liked it. My friend got the Gyro sandwich and really enjoyed it. Good food, good prices and owners that really value you as a customer. I highly recommend stopping by.
1 Was looking for a different Greek restaurant this day but it was closed on Saturday so we tried this place.  What a mistake!!!  honestly and truly the worst Greek food I have ever had.  The gyro meat was dry and not tasty at all.  I had a salad and it was covered in so much vinegar that that is was too sour to eat.  My son had chicken tenders and they were about the same as you would get at the grocery store in the frozen food section.  I also had the onion rings which were much worse than grocery store frozen food.  Just an awful experience and the prices were high to boot!!!
1 First off, they are nice people, Buuut, I was unimpressed, and it was expensive... The food, NO THANKS!  the pita meat was reheated,  tasted old, shredded lettuce out of a bag, old tomato, just not $9.00 worth of pita in my opinion, and that was just the pita, they wanted 2 bucks for fries, ahhhh, no. Save your coin and go somewhere else.
5 Great food. Newer owners of the business who are extremely friendly and welcoming.  Must try the Lamachun (Turkish pizza). Even their American offerings (like the burgers) have a Mediterranean flavor to them.
