1 Wish I could give a zero. Horrible customer service, called me and set up an appointment for the next day at 8:00 to 1:00.  Took a day off work to wait for them, and surprise surprise they didn't show. Give them a call after verbal sparing match with the "pleasant" customer service rep got a time of 3:00 to 4:00. Well at 5:15 I called again and got a girl who had no idea what so ever how I could of gotten those two times in my head because the computer didn't show any appointment.  Definitely will never do business with them again. If the warranty company was not paying for it I would not have done business after their first mess up.
5 aka L & S air conditioning & heating.  Same address and phone#.  I don't know if it was because we were under a home warranty or not, but we received excellent service from Chris of L & S A/C aka Easyflow.  Our upstairs A/C unit quit working late last night and we called our HW co. who got us a servicer, order# and phone#.  When we called today they said they couldn't get here until Saturday.  (They were 4-5 star rated on yelp).  Well we called our HW co. back and got a new servicer (L & S), work order etc..  Then I checked yelp and was concerned because of the previous ratings.  We called our HW co and was told if we weren't satisfied they would send another with no charge.  To make a long story shorter...  We received a call from the dispatcher and was told someone would be here between 1pm and 6pm.  Chris showed up around 3pm and did a fantastic job.  He went above and beyond in my opinion.  Knew what he was doing, courteous and cleaned up after himself.  Chris had our A/C up and running in about an hour.  If L & S A/C aka Easyflow can offer service like we experienced all the time, I would not hesitate to use them anytime.
1 The worst customer service ever, Nick the Dispatcher was very rude when I called to report the new garbage disposal they put in the day before wasn't working.  He said I will have someone there tomorrow, I asked if it could be at 2:00 and he said yes and hung up the telephone.  Went to work Thursday and then the stalker service man Tomas started calling me at 8:30am asking if he could come time now and I told him I was scheduled at 2 and he said he had no other work orders and needed to come now, I told him I was at work and then he rudely said then I don't have to be there until six and you can just wait at home till I get there and hung up.  Went back to work and then he began calling and calling and calling and after the fourth time, I answered because again I'm at work, he said he was on his way and again I told him I would not be there til two and he said he has to come at 1, I asked him to call his dispatcher and he said no and he was calling the insurance and jhung up?  I called first american to report the problem and they said they would send the Manager an email and report Nick the dispatcher because he said my service order was cancelled and just a real smart ass.  I was so frightened of these two that I called my son and the warranty company to report them. My son called them and the Manager said he would sendTony now to complete the work and we were both fine with that.  Tony comes in and says I was pulled off another job and what's the problem?  I tell him and he takes the drain apart and said see this its clogged with chili peppers and corn, I said well it wasn't from yesterday or the past five days because the disposal wasn't working and I wasn't cooking, he said no it had to be from me, again I told him sir, I haven't cooked in five days, look in the dishwasher I haven't even been able to use it, I aske could it be from TOMAS, because he put drain cleaner down the drain on Tuesday.,  Oh No lady it is your fault only, I said ok, I will take the blame, just fix the problem and go on your way.  Please do not ever uuse this company the emplolyees are very angry and scary, the Manager doesn't return calls etc, but that is how most plumbing companies are, they onlly employ convicts.  The owner was problaly in prison as well, birds of a feather, flock together.  I have reported them to the BBB, home warranty etc.  don't use please.
1 I also wish I could give no stars. We had a leak under our bathroom sink, home warranty company sent Easy Flow. Dude showed up in an unmarked Astro Van, no uniform, and not even a bucket.  Spent about 30 minutes under the sink and didn't fix the leak.  He said he needed to order a part and would have to come back the next day.  Of note, plumbing is pipe, fittings and glue. There are no "parts" that require special ordering.  Unsurprisingly, dude was a no show the next day. I called and left a message but did not receive a call back.  8 days later,  same guy returns in his Astro Van. I told him he was a week late, and he mumbled something about how it was his company's fault. I asked if that special part arrived, and he just kind of chuckled. He evaluated the leak again and asked if I had any extra pipe laying around. I did not....because he is the plumber and I am not.  After a 30 minute trip to the hardware store, he got the tools he needed to finish the job. Currently, it's not leaking, but I'm sure it will again soon.
1 Absolute WORST service EVER.  I never get on yelp and write reviews but this was so awful that I had to. Every time I called it said that I was the first caller in the queue for up to 45 minutes.  I was given the run around with my parts to fix my heater. They would call and say they had it and then call back and say that they don't have it, tell me people were showing up for 4 days in a row (which I took off from work) and didn't show until the following week.  It has been a two month long process, at this point I'm pretty sure that the cold season is over and the whole thing is pointless.  I want to stress that it is the Companies fault, management is awful.  The Technicians have nothing to do with this because when they arrive they do their job, it's getting them out here that's horrible.  One of the technician actually called us to tell us that the parts were in but that he wasn't on the schedule to see us and to call the company so that he could come out and fix it, he did his part and deserves all the stars here....but we were told by the company that were were first on the schedule????
