4 I stopped in for the open house tonight. It was a very nicely done opening event. Lots of raffles and friendly staff. I've done a sample class at the paradise valley location and it was intense and fun!  I'd consider joining soon!
3 I purchased a monthly unlimited membership (they also have pay-as-you-go or pre-paid punch card options) and so far it's been two weeks. For new members that are a little out of shape such as myself they recommend coming 3-4 times per week. The first week was really tough. I was very sore and had to push myself to come in 3 times. The next week was a lot easier because I didn't get as sore. However, I am still having a hard time getting my heart rate up into the orange zone. I was told by one of the trainers that it may take a while but that seems counter intuitive to me since if I am so out of shape then my resting heart rate should be higher than other, more lean individuals. Right? Your heart rate monitor is hooked up to their system and you can see it on the flat screen tvs in the room so you know when you should be pushing yourself harder. It can be a little distracting but it is also a good motivator and really that is key to their whole formula. They want you to stay in the green zone for most of your workout which is the optimal fat burning range but then for 12-20 minutes you should be in the orange zone which is 84 percent of your max heart rate or higher. This is what gets the EPOC or "afterburn" to kick in. I don't really understand the science of it but I think the idea is that your body is pushed so hard that it continues to burn calories for several hours after your workout as it recovers.  I didn't think you could get a good workout from a treadmill but you really can with this program. It is basically interval training but the trainers come up with different programs on different days in terms of the number of minutes you spend in your "base" level vs "push" vs "all-out". I also like the fact that if you are not a runner you can simply raise the incline level to make it harder for yourself instead of going at a faster pace. The treadmill is only half the equation, the other half of the class you are doing circuit training running back and forth between rowing machine and weight area. They have hand weights, bosu balls, kettlebells, medicine balls, and those TRX straps connected to the wall where you use your own body weight for resistance. Every time has been a different combination of exercises so if you do come regularly then you are working a lot of different muscle groups. The trainers are pretty good about showing modifications to the exercises for those with less muscle mass. Other than that, you don't get quite as much attention as you would with a personal trainer. But they do still offer a lot of encouragement and they will come over and help if your form is not right. They usually will stay after class to answer questions and provide additional coaching but sometimes this doesn't really work if there are back-to-back classes scheduled. The nice thing is that you get an email with your results from the workout in terms of how much time you spent in each heart rate zone so you can track those results yourself.  So far I haven't lost any weight but I said I would give it a month so we what happens in the next couple weeks. My main goal for joining was just to get in better shape and I can definitely see that Orange Theory is a great way to accomplish that since you are getting cardio and strength training in one workout (they also do some stretching at the end but not much). I am a big fan of group exercise classes in general so I already know that working out in a group and on a regular schedule is what motivates me and keeps me on track. For someone used to working out on their own, that might be a hard adjustment. One good thing is that they do let you try out a class for free just to see what it's like. There is no commitment to try it but they will hit you with a hard sell at the end of class so just watch out for that.
5 This gym is awesome! They have friendly staff members and even the members are nice. The gyms super clean, and the music is way better then any gym I've been in. I thought I would do horrible seeing how I haven't worked out in years, but the trainers were awesome with their instructions and gave me a amazing workout!! I'll be back!!!!!
3 It's a good concept, circuit training.  It's go-go-go from the beginning so if you're not in great shape then this will be an eye opener.  We did 6 sets of 4 reps lasting about 3-4 min each throughout the 1 hr we did.   Liked: TV monitors tracking your heart rate and the trainer was really nice Don't like: that you're constantly comparing yourself to others, and it can be distracting as you're trying to figure out if you're in the "zone".  Which is not really a big dislike......  I had a free class at 6:30am and it was packed on a Saturday morning with just one guy, about 15 people.  The gym itself is small and confortable feeling, and orange is the color which is vibrant and inviting.  They had a few things for sale but a little expensive.    The program itself I think is too expensive, but I think it can work for people who like to do different things in their workout instead of just sitting at one station the whole time.  Good luck.
5 For the first time in my life I look forward to exercise.   I have NEVER looked forward to working out before and because of this I failed every exercise regimen that I previously tried.   I have been going to Orange Theory Tempe for 2 months and I have never felt stronger and healthier. 2 years ago I sustained an injury to my shoulder that caused pain to run down my arm and made it impossible to sleep on my side. I feel like I tried everything to reduce the pain in my arm but nothing worked for long.  After two weeks at Orange Theory my arm and shoulder pain have disappeared! The trainers at Orange Theory place a huge emphasis on working out properly, not over-stretching and they make sure that you are lifting correctly. I never feel pressure to lift more weight than I am comfortable with and I appreciate when the trainers correct the way I do things (which is often). I also had a two-week period where I could not place any weight or resistance on one of my arms (due to a medical procedure) and the trainers took this as a challenge to come up with new ways for me to get a full body workout without using my hand/arm. I am blown away by the creativity and enthusiasm behind this gym; they want me to succeed. A huge thank you goes to Darien for always making me feel comfortable coming to class, and supporting me with alternative exercises when I was unable to use my arm. Every day I feel better and better and I am so proud of myself. Thank you Orange Theory!
2 Ok, I quit after just 5 months. I am choosing not to look at it as a failure on my part but just that this wasn't the right place for me. The workouts are pretty intense and despite what they told me when I was being pressured to sign up, they really don't offer any individual attention or suggestions for modification. They expect everyone to be able to perform at the same level and that is just not realistic. I think this is a great option for someone who is already pretty fit but has reached a plateau and needs to up the intensity level. For someone like me who is pretty out of shape, it was almost counter productive. By that I mean that if you work out to your breaking point where you can't even breath then afterwards you are probably going to overeat and then the next day you will be so sore and stiff that you will avoid activity. I had previously been trying to build more activity into my daily life by taking the stairs, parking further away, walking at lunch, etc but while doing orange I couldn't do any of those things because I was so exhausted and sore and just wanted to crawl into a ball the day after a workout and the day before a workout I had such a horrible sense of dread. I just really hated going there. But hey, that's just me. I hate working out anyway. My new philosophy is to focus more on what I am eating and to find ways of working out that I actually enjoy so that I will stick with them and be more consistent.  Pros:  + This place made me realize just how out of shape I really am  + I learned to focus more on my heart rate during exercise (I have since done a metabolic test to find out what my actual target hear rate should be, something they don't do there at Orange Theory).  + I learned I need to incorporate strength training into my workouts.  Cons:  + Way too much pressure to sign up and they make it difficult to quit. Plus they continue to charge you for another month after you quit (this was definitely not what they told me when I signed up).  + Misleading information given about what is really involved in the program and they are not forthcoming about the different pricing options. They just steer everyone to the most expensive plan.  + Everything costs extra: strap for heart rate monitor, towels, weight loss contests.  + $10 fee if you miss class  Oh, wow, I can't believe I almost forgot to tell you about the $10 fee if you miss a class. This is the most ridiculous thing ever. I suppose you could look at it as an incentive but I mean sometimes you just don't have control over traffic, family, etc and you simply can't make it. So every time you don't go you have to pay ten bucks. That is just outrageous! Very, very devious business practice and completely unnecessary. There were plenty of times when the class was over filled but they found a way to make it work. And there were plenty of times when the class was totally empty and they still had class anyway.
