5 Amazing place great services art work unreal :) the owners and workers treat you like family !!!! Love this shop you go and won't be sorry!!!!
2 -2 stars for the pedi... walked cracked up and dry left cracked and somewhat moisturized! Sad to say the tech was so friendly but when you leave a pedi needing a pedi there just isn't any justification.  Brent did my nails. He did a pretty good job except the pink acrylic was screaming hot on my nails all ten of my fingers were literally burning. I never felt it before and would never want anyone else to. Beside the flaming nails, the polish job really let me down. He did a great job painting my nails, but even upon leaving the shop it was cracking off and it was a gel coat.. Its been a week and my nails are chipped all over i don't even want people to look! So minus 1 for the burning and minus 2 for the cracked nails but plus 1 for his kindness.
5 This has got to be the BEST nail salon I've ever been to!!! The owners are awesome and very talented!!!!  I am now 26 and have been getting my nails done for the last 11 years, I had a great nail tech that past away about 4 years ago and have searched for ever for somewhere that is as good as him, I've probably been to every nail shop on town but the moment I walked into this one I was greeted with friendly faces and felt comfortable, by the end of my visit I knew this was my new nail place.  I will never go anywhere else.  I have been coming here for about 2 years now and pray that they stay here forever!!!!      I posted a picture of my latest nails that I got done for my birthday, a tribute to my love of Despicable Me, they turned out better than I ever could imagine.    If your a local to Vegas or just passing through this is definitely the place to get your nails done....  Brent and Luann are true artist!!!
5 I love LouAnn she is the best nail text in Las Vegas that I have found, love her hubby Brent as well he has done my nails these last two times. They are clean and very nice.... They have updated all there equipment the massage chairs and pedi bowls are awesome plus when you wash your hands there are clean drying towels in the drawer at the beautiful new vanity. I love this place I will keep returning Service is Great.. and Im a big stickler when it comes to great Service.
2 Sooooo, we went in for a princess pedi, and one for my mommy too. The massage chairs were nice,  and so were the pedi techs. My mom says her pedicure was just so-so. Her feet aren't baby soft like mine, and needed a little more scrubbing. She got a french pedi, and the lines weren't straight.  :( We were quoted $15 for the princess pedi, and $22 for moms.  She was charged $5 more for the french. My mom wanted a full set of claws. So, she asked the tech that was doing my pedi how much it would cost, AND she showed her a picture of exactly what she wanted. Nude claws medium length. The nail tech asks another lady, I think it was the owner,  how much it would cost.  She tells my mom $25. So, my mom agrees. She gets her full set, and choses gel; it lasts longer, and they have a very small selection of regular polish. My mom asks how much it will be in total before getting her nails polished. $97.!?!? Even I know basic math. 15+27+35=77. So, my mom asks about the $20 difference,  and the owner tells her it's $45 for claw nails,  and that her tech doesn't speak English or make prices. My mom gives her the look I get when I make up stories to get myself out of trouble. Mommy isn't a fool, and she was born at night but not last night. This is why mommy showed her a picture of what she wanted. So, the owner agrees to honor the quoted price. We actually tipped even though someone tried to swindle us. We won't be back. Sad because there aren't a lot of good places on this side of town.
5 Luanne is definitely the best and hubby Brenton is pretty good too. Great place for pedicures and nails.
4 Wow. Just went their for pedis and it was awesome. Super laid back. The massage chair was so comfortable. The service was quiet but professional. Would definitely come back and recommended. And it's cheap :-)
5 One of the best pedicures I ever had! The nail tech was very meticulous. He really cleaned my toenails and smoothed out and polished my nail beds. Then did a heavy duty callous removal with a grater, followed by a pumice stone and finished that part of the treatment with a scrub and massage. Polish was even and shiny. And the massage chair was fantastic. This place is a gem.
