5 My girlfriends and I always go through Tavo whenever we're in Vegas because he's reliable and super nice! He goes the extra mile to make sure everyone is having a good time and is treated like a VIP. I would definitely recommend going through him because he answers any questions you have and helps you every step of the way, making your weekend ten times easier so you can party ten times harder!
5 Tavo is extremely professional and prompt.  Unlike other host, he replies instantly and doesn't give you the run-around. Getting in is quick and we were able to bypass long line with Tavo. :) Always a memorable experience.
5 Tavo is the best! We always go through him because we get great bottle service and he always responds super quickly!
5 Tavo is personable, professional, and reliable. He can have a weekend booked in a matter of minutes. I've made several trips to Vegas- every one of them set up by Tavo. If you're looking for a great time with no hassle, I greatly encourage using him as your promoter. He won't let you down. Not only that, he will book a weekend based on your request; not in favor of a particular club but in favor of your preferences.
5 Looking for the best time in Vegas without any hassle? Tavo is definitely your guy. I was recommended to him from a friend to get into Marquee one night when it opened three years ago. I have always gone through Tavo ever since. Not only is he professional and reliable, he is super friendly and makes sure that you have a great time. I feel like a VIP every single time. I am not bias because we did become great friends over the years. I also work in the hotel industry and trust me, no other host can top Tavo and his service. He responds quickly and makes booking tables for day clubs and night clubs easy.   With that said, go and party your butts off!
5 Tavo is as good as it gets in vegas! He also makes really good tacos. I met Tavo in 2012, and ever since then he has been a great friend of mine. He has set me up with a numerous tables every time, me or any of my other friends go to Vegas. Without a doubt, he is very professional and on top of it. He is able to set me up with the best and offers the best hospitality. I can always count on Tavo to help me find my way in vegas!
5 Tavo is by far as good as it gets when it comes to any help in making sure that your Vegas experience is unlike any other. Tavo'sList is professional and reliable and is a guaranteed success for any travel plans in regards to the Vegas night life and any other things concerning Vegas. Always informative and helpful. My Vegas trips would be nothing without TavosList, you just can't go wrong with it! Best host in town!
5 I must go to Vegas a lot because I've had a few people ask me for contacts and nightlife recommendations... but I didn't know what a real partying experience was in Vegas until I was introduced to Tavo, my go-to person for the Tao Group venues.  From Lavo's wild brunch party to splashing around at Marquee Dayclub to VIP table service at Marquee Nightclub, if you're looking to have fun in Vegas, those are just a few of the venues to checkout, and Tavo's got you covered.  He's professional, reliable, and I've never had to wait in one of those ridiculously long lines whenever I went through him.  He's informative, helpful, and readily available to answer any questions you have.  If you're looking to have a fun time in Vegas, contact him!
5 I go to Vegas quite often and I have to say Tavo is THE person to contact if you're looking to have an amazing time. Not only is he completely professional and reliable, Tavo goes above and beyond to ensure you have an unforgettable experience!!! He has helped me and countless of my friends organize our details about nightclubs, day clubs, as well as brunch. You definitely will not be let down if you go through Tavo's list during your next trip to sin city!
5 Every time I go to Vegas for vacation, I try to go to the Marquee. I've always stayed at The Cosmopolitan. But it's very stressful to get into the Marquee. I met Tavo on the Marquee Facebook page and he couldn't have been the most helpful and nicest guy. He was able to assist my party to our nightlife at the Marquee. I had a blast that night as well as all my friends. I most definitely recommend Tavo for your Marquee experience. The only club in Vegas I would go Friday, Saturday and if they had a Sunday night event.
5 Tavo should be your go-to guy for all things Vegas. Tao Group has the most incredible venues and best DJ's. It's more of an experience than a party. Marquee is by far my favorite place to go. The people, venue and music are all world class. It's always an amazing time coming to Marquee. It's hard to justify going anywhere else.   Tips:  1. Come to Vegas with beautiful girls and guest list. 2. Or spend money on bottle service.  3. Text Tavo (probably the week of your trip, or earlier for major weekends)  4. Have an amazing time and thank the best host ever.
5 Tavo is very professional, informative, prompt, and want more.. been to Vegas twice in 2 months and Tavo made everything so easy and simple that I didn't have to worry about anything.  First trip to Vegas, after being I traduced to Tavo, he was actually on vacation. And yet, he made sure that everything was set and ready, and suggested server different options for me to choose from.  I couldn't ask for more.. then my 2nd trip to Vegas, he just made everything worthwhile. He would answer all my questions right away (and believe me, I asked for every little details and he didn't even seemed annoyed..lol) , would keep me updated and would even remember the stuff that I even forgot to confirm and we're talking about weeks after our last msg!! I couldn't ask for more! :)  he was genuine and caring enough to even follow up with me after, to make sure everything went Well!! :)  all my future Vegas trips will be w/ Tavo!
5 Met Tavo a few years ago through a friend. He's my go to promoter whenever I'm in Vegas. Truly an honest guy (which is really hard to find in a place like Sin City) and very personable. Always gives me suggestions on what to do and the best places to go. He's professional, reliable and great at what he does.Everytime I see him, he seems to be doing bigger and better things! You definitely won't be disappointed when you go to Tavo for anything and everything Vegas!
5 What can I say about Tavo? He is simply the best promoter that I have come across. I will be honest, I will a little skeptical at first about going through promoters till I came across Tavo. I couldn't expect anything more from him. Here are the following reasons why:  1) He is very prompt to respond to your questions unlike the other promoters who will take their time and perhaps respond with "You are all set." He gives you details on how to go somewhere, when to go, where to go. He is very patient with any questions  you have and will take the time to respond.  2) He will personally escort you to the VIP line and take you in without any hassle. Gets us ladies hooked up with drink tickets as well!  3) He not only deals with the TAO group but if you want to get into any other clubs like XS, he will get you in contact with the right promoter and again you will have no problems getting in.  4) He is super friendly and approachable unlike a lot of the other promoters who may appear somewhat douchey!  5) If you have no clue about the clubbing scene in Vegas, he can recommend the best spots for you and plan out your weekend so you can party like a rock star!  So if you want to have a drama free and enjoyable weekend, you should get in touch with this guy. Thanks Tavo for making my stay in Vegas amazing!
5 Tavo is a great host for Tao group nightclubs (Marquee, Tao, and Lavo) he responds quickly to his messages and very friendly and helpful. I highly suggest going to Tavo for hook ups :)
5 Tavo is definitely the person to go to if you want to get into marquee or other day or night clubs no hassles. He is reliable and if he says he'll get u in he will. My friends were surprised that they were able to get in without much effort and they were happy to get in and glad Tavo was there to help us get in. Kudos Tavo!
5 Tavo has helped myself and many of my friends out for many years.  He is extremely knowledgeable and reliable.  I always recommend Tavo to all of my friends and acquaintances and he has never disappointed anyone of them.   Since meeting Tavo I have never gone through anybody else when I am looking for a good time in Vegas.
5 Tavo is AWESOME! As we were driving to Vegas I submitted the form on his website. He texted me right away. He got us hooked up at TAO for my lil Bro's 21st  bday. Got us on the guestlist and 1 hr free drinks for the ladies. We totally felt like VIP. We had a blast and got to see our fav DJ Vice. I will never go to Vegas without contacting him first.  Now planning on a bachlorette party in July. Tavo will be my contact to planning the whole trip. He also can get you discount pricing to Hotels on the strip.   Thanks Tavo!
5 Tavo is definitely your person for clubbing or anything in Las Vegas. He is very professional and very reliable. My friends and I wanted to get into Marquee and someone recommended him as my contact. He quickly responded to my questions and even escorted my friends into the club. We didn't have to wait in line, and there was open bar for the ladies. Will definitely look for him again the next time I go to Vegas, and I recommend him if you're looking for crazy fun nights in Vegas.
5 Just got back from Vegas & let me tell you, that was the time of my hubbs life. He celebrated his weekend long dirty thirty at Marquee with about 50 of our family & friends. A friend of mine recommended Tavo & he was absolutely the best, met him & he helped us get in smoothly on his guest list. We got bottle service & he made it easier and a stress free night. Partied with Dash Berlin & a group of our friends was priceless. Anyways..if you need anyone hit up Tavo, he'll take care of you.
5 Tavo is THE MAN. We had our plans fall through with another promoter, and so I signed up on his website at about 10:15 p.m. He was still able to get us in to the  club we wanted and got my fiancee free drinks for an hour. As long as he's working the strip, I won't be going to anyone else. Professional, courteous, and knows his stuff. Great guy.
5 Tavo is serious AMAZING! I've seen other people say on here that he makes you feel like a celebrity, and they're totally right! Especially during my birthday weekend. He made everything so easy for us. He hooks me up all the time, and he's just a super chill guy. Best Vegas promoter by far!
5 I moved to Vegas from California back in September (about 6 months ago), and my brother met Tavo a while back. Every time we go out, whether it's Marquee or anywhere else, Tavo responds and confirms us quickly, and hooks it up with the best deals for the club/night.  What really makes Tavo so good though, is his ability to handle whatever problems might arise -- someone not able to find the meeting spot, part of the group not showing up, etc. He figures out a solution to the problem, and if he isn't able to just instruct us on what to do, he knows enough people to fix it, and does the actual leg work of straightening it all out while keeping you informed.
5 Tavo is always my first point of contact when I land in Vegas! He is very quick to respond and always helps me and my friends out. I have yet to wait on a line in Vegas at any nightclub or dayclub and always have an amazing time thanks to Tavo. I look forward to every Vegas trip because I know that he will help me plan an amazing weekend! Thank you, Tavo!!
