5 Called Manny today at 3:00 and caught him finishing up a job.  I needed a water heater installed and I had exhausted my limited handyman abilities.  Manny said he could be here in an hour and he arrived exactly one hour later.  He had quoted me a flat charge of $150 for labor on the phone.  He upgraded the drain, installed two new dielectric nipples and told me that he did not allow for replacing an electrical outlet and re-plumbing the hot water recirculation pump due to a different outlet location on the new water heater.  He asked if an additional $40 would be OK.  It seemed totally fair to me.  Prompt... Reasonable prices.. Good communication and most of all  HONEST..  We have the trifecta and Manny will get my future plumbing repair business-guaranteed.  By the way, he is a licensed AC technician, also.
5 Manny showed up with his partner within the hour to fix my broken AC unit.  I was afraid the entire thing had blown but he said it was most likely the capacitor and he could fix that right now for $120.  30 min later, AC blowing cold air and the day was saved.  Great service, nice guy, fair and honest.  Highly recommend.
5 I would recommend Manuel to anyone. He is a great plumber. He is very reasonable, very skilled, honest and fast. He has worked on several projects for me at several houses and has done a wonderful job every time. He is prompt to respond to emergencies and is available when you need him. Two thumbs up!
1 -BEWARE!    Shocked at this handyman too!!!!  He's NOT licensed to do the work in many of his reviews.  Keep in mind that when something goes wrong, you are up a creek!  I have been looking for a good plumber and air conditioning company in town for my parents and me and almost went this route until I called the Contractor's Board as I've heard horror stories from my friends from using handyman services in Southern Nevada.  I was trying to understand as I didn't want my parents to be stuck in a bad situation like they were when they lived in California from going this route.  Flooding due to the fact that the handyman installed their water heater (parents were trying to save a few bucks and the handyman convinced them that he was licensed to do the work) the handyman didn't know what he was doing and it cost my parents thousands of dollars and they never got their money from the handyman because he doesn't carry insurance to cover it like other contractors.  I thought Vegas would be different but I see the scams continue.  When does the dishonesty end with people?  And how do you sleep at night knowing that you are doing illegal work?  So sad.  Sounds like Handy Manny is really SCAMMING MANNY.
5 Can't say enough great things about manny....he is amazing.  He was here within 35 mins of me calling him.  He fixed my toilet.totally reasonable. Then on to the ac...my upstairs unit was put and I was getting hot...he bet the price by 200 dollars of another company.  He was so nice , honest, and I had just a really great experience.  I would absolutely to anyone.he is amazing!!!!!! Thanks manny...
