5 amazing food, great service, walk out happy.
3 This place is okay.  The food is good but a bit pricey.  The cheapest breakfast item is $8.75? Okay, they do give you a  muffin but still, just 2 eggs, potatos and bacon for that price? I get the same exact thing at COCO's for $4.99.  The homefries are really good though and they do give you a nice amount of them, so that is good!  The muffin ( a bran banana nut it seemed like) was not even that good.  If they eliminated the muffin maybe they can have a 5.99 breakfast item which would be better I think.  I spent over $12 for breakfast to go......... for breakfast and an OJ.  The staff was super friendly though.  Not sure who often I would return as spending almost $13 for breakfast for just me is a bit much.
5 Another beautiful Egg Works location!  I love this place just as much as I love the other ones!
3 EGGstatic there's a new breakfast joint that just opened up here in the Anthem area in the strip mall along Eastern between Horizon Ridge and Sunridge Heights.  I just did a quick glance of the menu but wasn't feeling any of their omelette selections till the  breakfast Hawaiian style section caught my eye! They offered 3 different meals; Spam or Portuguese Sausage with rice and eggs, Loco Moco( eggs, rice burger patty topped w/brown gravy)  and the Haole Moco (Westernized version with country gravy)  I went for the Haole one!   It was made right with rice on the bottom, layered with the burger patty and topped with gravy and 2 eggs.  I  just I didn't like the burger patty as much. I also thought more gravy is needed because the rice soaked it all up before I could finish it.  Otherwise not too bad.  Afterthoughts:  I should've ordered something on the lighter side.   The place is plenty big, bright and airy.  There is seating outside facing the busy street. Or you can sit at the counter or seat yourself in their large dining area.  The windows facing west has a nice view of the Anthem area.   Minor hiccups on service.  I seated myself (per sign at entry) and waited a few minutes till someone realized I wasn't being waited on yet. A server approached my table when she realized I wasn't helped yet and apologized for me being the only one there at the time and the 12 of them not tending to my table yet. Maybe because everyone is still green or it was still too early in the day, who knows.  I don't mind that they give you the check right away and you pay at the counter at your convenience but it is a pain and I do think the "flip to yellow egg" for help/service system is pretty lame.  I like that this place opens pretty early and they offer different choices for breakfast and brunch time and look forward to trying more food from their menu, but I have to say I still prefer the breakfast bakery cafe that has that savory waffle sandwich and Chopped Kale salad across the way.
5 This 5th location, even though brand spanking new is up & running like a well oiled machine.  Anticipate this to be the busiest one considering there aren't too many choices up in Anthem for a good breakfast joint.    Our party only had to wait for about 15 minutes...not bad considering the (beyond) full house.  My blackened prime rib benny was better than I've ever had it at any of their older locations.  Lightning fast service with a smile & all expectations were met.  The waitress even gave me one of their banana nut muffins...she said she didn't want me to feel left out.  I usually don't do muffins, but I ate every moist crumb on the plate.  The only negative was the line to pay heading out the door about 10 checks deep.  Not a deal breaker as everyone seemed fat & happy.  Nice to have one of these joints so close by!
3 Service was great.  Bit pricey.  Food ok.
1 Waited a bit on saturday morning. I ordered stuffed french toast and my girl ordered biscuits and gravy. Biscuits and gravy were ok but cold and not enough gravy. Stuffed french toast had weird tasting eggs with tiny specs of bacon in it. Both of us are sick to our stomachs an hour later. There are much better places to eat in this area. One of which is right down the road.
5 Country Fried Skillet!!! Yummy!!! And it comes in a half size!
2 There aren't many choices for a good breakfast around Anthem and the opening of this Egg Works location wont change that.  This EW is new so it doesn't have the old feel of the Sunset location but the food is average at best.  The service reminds me of a factory and the server was about as enthused as a factory worker.  When you factor in the price of various menu items; I don't  foresee returning any time soon.  I am happy to continue on down Eastern Ave. to Sunrise Cafe.
1 The food is amazing but the service at the Anthem location SUCKS! We had to wait for 10 minutes just to be greeted and then another 7 or 8 to get our drink order in. I could understand if it was busy, but it wasn't... I am a server as well so I understand better than most, but the service we got was just ridiculously terrible.
5 I'm not sure where the  bad reviews for service are coming from - I've never had anything other than exemplary service at this location (or any of their other locations, for that matter).  As for the food, there's a reason why this is my favorite breakfast place. Whether I'm in the mood for decadent comfort food (the homemade Corn Beef Hash is freaky good) or trying to be good (Greek Scramble with egg whites only is awesome too), I love the food here. Any of the egg dishes can be made with egg whites if preferred, and they have two different fruit medleys available if you don't want the potatoes.  Predictably, it's a bit of a zoo on weekends, and you'll have a bit of a wait on those days, but it's well worth it in my opinion.
5 Yum!! Egg Works offers huge portions with great prices.  Plus they are so accommodating.  One of my favorites is the country fried steak skillet.  It's a skillet with a layer of potatoes, chopped country fried steak, country gravy, and eggs.  Also comes with toast.  Or if you have a sweet tooth like I do, the strawberry cream cheese french toast is a must try.  Really love that they offer a few alcoholic beverages.  Their Bloody Marys and Mimosas are delicious!   Service is always quick and friendly.  The food comes out so fast.  And if you don't see your server but need something, all you have to do is flip the egg on your table to yellow.  They really make it easy here!
4 Fantastic food, quick service. Just opened so they are experiencing a little bit of growing pains but it is great anyway!
5 Andrea want he best server I've encountered in ages, the food was amazing! It was super busy but we were seated and fed really fast!
2 Went here for the first time today. My mom ordered an omelet, and I ordered a Loco Motion. Hamburger patty with sticky rice, 2 eggs and brown gravy. I ordered my eggs poached, and my patty medium rare.  The food came out quite quickly, and our waitress was kind.  My mom liked her omelet, and I thought that my patty was a little over cooked, but it was still good. However, it almost tasted like they cooked it in A-1 steak sauce, and it was kind of clashing with the gravy. My eggs were cooked nicely. It came with pineapple, but I was disappointed with that. It was not ripe, and more white than yellow. I chose a banana muffin instead of toast.  My daughter and I ate it, but it left my fingers greasy.... Not something a muffin should do.  The women's bathroom was gross.  There was only one clean stall.  The first stall closest to the sink couldn't be opened. The middle stall was clean,  the third, and final (only handicapped stall) had fecal matter in the bowl,  and paper on the floor.  I looked on the rest room sheet, and no one had been in there or signed off on their cleaning duties since 8/4 (yesterday). Kind of a mood kill.
5 Came here for breakfast with friends. Just opened this location. Food was good and service even better. Loved the great attitude and smiles from Shay. We'll be back.
5 Excellent service from Jenilee, Mel and the rest of the crew! Fantastic food - Egg-zactly how I ordered it! Glad we came here and we will be back!
5 Great Breakfast, good comfort food.  Cleaned my plate.  Have been here several times over the last month for breakfast only.    Really great about adjusting your foods..  I changed the waffle meal to pancakes, yummy!!    2 pancakes are huge and shareable.   Ask for 1/2 portion if you don't have a large appetite, it doesn't cut the cost in half, but I am not wasting food then.    And they have 1/2 and 1/2 available for coffee if you don't like those little creamers.  Also tried a skillet, was really great mix of flavors.  Love the potatoes.   Our first waitress was a little rude, but have had 2 great ones this week alone, so maybe she was having a bad day.   Great about cleaning off your table if you are done, which I find many restaurants don't do any more.   They serve Coca Cola products.
2 Hostess and employees are very friendly.  Great menu to choose from.  Horrible lighting, very cute painting on wall, the food is not bad, but for the price...it should be better.  I doubt I'll eat here again.   I just didn't get that warm fuzzy "I want to eat breakfast" cozy feeling.
5 I go to the Egg Works restaurants every now and then for a banana nut muffin and buckwheat pancakes with sugar free syrup after an intense workout session.  I love that they offer buckwheat.  I swear it is a true super food, and I've seen some nice growth in my legs after consuming these for postworkout carbs on leg day.  I've had the blueberry buckwheat pancakes and diced apple/cinnamon buckwheat pancakes.  If you like buckwheat, they are great. I could even eat them without the sugar free syrup. I really love them.  For me, the banana nut muffin lives up to the hype.  It's just as good as it looks and it's as good as any good review says it is.  I cannot, however, speak on anything else on the menu. Go buckwheat!
4 Busy place! Good food delivered quickly despite being full. WIll return.
4 We stopped in for a 'I'm skipping yoga today so lets go get breakfast'.  :-)   This place was hopping! It was around 9am so I was anticipating that.  I was keeping my fingers crossed for a short wait time.  Luckily it was only 5 minutes and I actually think we waited less than that. The place itself has many many tables inside and also an outdoor patio seating for those nice Vegas days.    One of the ladies came over right away to get our drink order.  Turns out she wasn't our waitress so it was nice that they all chip in a help each other out.  I'm sure they know people love their morning coffee as soon as they can get it!   Since i ordered coffee, she left a full carafe with us.  This is great since i drink coffee quickly.  Shortly after our actual waitress came to take our order.  I decided on the Country Benny and the hubs went with the breakfast burrito.    Food is here already??!   It came out quickly, which makes me happy (and my stomach!).   The country benny was great! Biscuit layered with sausage, eggs and topped with country gravy.  Can you feel the calories? It was a great combination of breakfast items topped with a very flavorful gravy.  My only issue was the sausage used.  Almost seemed like it was microwaved for 10 seconds.  Hmmm.  But the rest of the dish was wonderful.   My husband's burrito was fabulous.  I had a little taste and wished I had ordered that.  It was filled with eggs, bacon, potatoes, onions and cheese.  Salsa was on the side.  The burrito was huge and was surprised he finished it all!    Both of our meals had a side of breakfast potatoes.  When I say a side...  I mean a heaping pile of Idaho!   I think we could have split one side for the two of us.  They were fantastic.  Crispy with a great seasoning of YUM.    What I thought was cute was their little black or yellow eggs faces on the tables.  You can change it to yellow when you need attention at your table.   It beats trying to wave down a waitress.    Per my check in - I was Egg-cited to try it and happy we did!  We had so much for breakfast we were full until dinner.  Can't wait to come back and try something else!...   Someone at a close table ordered blueberry pancakes and they looked amazing!  Think that will be next!
3 We met some friends here for Sunday brunch around 10:30 and the place was packed to the gills!  We waited about 20 minutes for a party of four, which I suppose isn't too bad for that time of day.  There were people waiting to be seated the whole time we were there; business is good at Egg Works!  This is a local chain and a decent option to go for eggs, omelettes, pancakes, waffles, as well as chili; yes, they have Cincy Chili on the menu.  Unfortunately, I didn't have anything too exciting except a 6 egg-white omelette with mushrooms and spinach and three slices of limp turkey bacon.  It was okay, but if I have the choice for breakfast, this isn't my first one.  If you go on the weekends like we did, just be ready to wait a bit. Open until 3:00pm.
3 I've done Cracked Egg, Broken Yolk in CA, and now Egg Works.  Yes...this was my first time to an Egg Works. I even had the Egg and I bookmarked for quite some time. It's taken me so long to try Egg Works/The Egg and I because the wait was always too long. I was fortunate one Sunday morning to check out this new location in Henderson with a group of BPF's (Best Peeps Forever).  And for an added bonus, the wait was only 20 minutes.  Not bad for a new breakfast hot spot. Not bad for a Sunday morning.   Besides lunch and dinner, breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.  And when it comes to breakfast at a place like this, my order is usually as boring as it gets. I usually get some type of omelet or anything with eggs.  You can't eat at a place named Egg Works for the first time and not have their eggs. I had them create an 6 egg white omelet with spinach & mushrooms.  For an added touch, I had 3 strips of turkey bacon added.  Let me say that this meal was so good that I felt I just had a cheat meal. The omelet was fluffy and tasty, but the it's the mushrooms that was the key to adding flavor to it. Egg Works has more than just eggs and omelets like country fried steaks, chili spaghetti, waffles, and pancakes.  I just didn't get the opportunity on this trip.  And by the way, the prices here are pretty good too.   Like I stated earlier, the wait wasn't too long even though this joint was packed. The service was great and our waiter was very attentive.  When you're done, follow the foot prints on the floor to the register.    Extra, Extra...Read All About It. If you're a newbie to Egg Works or the Egg and I, you'll notice that the menus are in the form of a newspaper.  Extra, Extra...Read All About It.  Look around when once you're seated. You'll notice that since the menu is set up like a newspaper, a handful of patrons read the menu like it's a newspaper.  Just an observation...Ha.  Egg White Omelet:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=raFZHUC-rCYcaeBOUtPOnA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ  Chili, Spaghetti, and Cheese:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=J601lVBGqwqxBvRYh3bQpg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (408/500)
2 I was debating on whether to go and check this place out, having read good and bad reviews. My dad had gone and said it was great, large menu and good food.  We went this past Saturday and it was just average in food.  Service was terrible and the waitress had absolutely no personality or real desire to be there.  Looking around, I didn't see too many smiles on the staff's faces.  Yes, it was busy in there and it was loud but just didn't have a good feel about it, despite the cute decore.  The banana muffins were really good but that's about it. My daughter and I both had upset stomachs afterwards. We won't be going again when there's other places that have better food, better service and more reasonable prices!
2 I have been here one time before, when they first opened. It was pretty decent tho  rather expensive for breakfast. This particular time my food was very very salty and my biscuits and gravy were lukewarm at best. A bit of a bummer.
4 Coming here every Wednesday has now become a routine since John and I are off together on that day. I look forward to it every week before our hikes or errand runs.   The restaurant is clean and well kept, except for the occasional baby in a high chair who drops food all over the floor. That just shows bad parenting but that's a whole different topic. We are always seated promptly and our drinks are at our table before we even have a chance to look at the menu. Our server has been Jill and she's awesome. She noticed John was wearing an A's baseball hat and instantly was able to strike up a conversation with us. She has remembered us and is friendly every time. Thanks Jill!!   The food is pretty good. Typical breakfast joint. I always get the eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce on the side. I don't like the muffin underneath to be soggy so I just like to dip instead. So good and fulfilling. The omelettes are also very good. Huge and stuffed with anything and everything you can imagine. And everything is reasonably priced. They also offer lunch  options. Depending on what you order, you're looking at about $25 for two people.   Will I be back? Definitely, every Wednesday!!
4 We have made this place almost a habit, not many weekends have been missed in the last few months since it opened...  Great food (skillets are great, fruit is always fresh)  Friendly and efficient staff  OK atmosphere (a little like your sitting in the barn)  We will continue to go back most weekends when we can
2 I was here on 9-22-13 9:30am Been here twice since its opening and both times there, it wasn't satisfied with the service. I eat regularly at the Cracked Egg but this place is closer to some family members of mine.  Food-  had the waffles and eggs..not bad. simple breakfast food.  Service- i know it's an early Sunday morning but the server didn't look too happy to be there or take our order. When I see that, I say to myself "there goes a nice tip for ya".. Oh, bringing us more muffins doesn't increase your tip if your service was bad..  Price- fair. portions are good for the price  Would I go back?  Probably..it's closer to my family members for all of us to meet up. I just hope the next few times I go to an Egg Works, service can be better
2 Service wasnt all that great. Was served by a lady in her 40s and she was kind of unprofessional. Also, heard her making jokes about other employees with a male she dint realize how close she was to the table we were seated in. Food was ok. I recommend one of the other locations only because customers shouldnt be listening to whatever drama the employees have.
4 Love this place for breakfast.  The staff is attentive and cheerful. The menu had something for all of us.   The food was served hot, not warm, which is something I appreciate in any restaurant.   I really like the Egg Flip Card, it avoids talking with your mouth full!    I will be returning to see if it lives up to my expectations for consistent quality and service..  Try this one for  breakfast.
1 This place has horrible food. The kitchen is a wreck and needs new leadership. Three other patrons were returning food at the same time we were. Dont eat here
4 Very pleased with the quality of food and remarkably friendly service especially from a lady named "Jill" who was one of the most friendly and efficient wait staff I've ever encountered... never rushed even though it was at closing time, checked back for refills and quickly brought additional napkis etc.  Most of all was her genuine smile and helpful demeanor.  This is a truly homey-feeling place which is close to home and will become a frequent eatery for this patron.
5 If you're hungover, don't go to some stupid fast food joint. Go to Egg Works. I've had food at both locations, and am never disappointed. Get the Works Veggie Benny. It is amazeballs. Edit OH GOD THE BANANA NUT MUFFIN. SO GOOD YOU'LL CRY.
3 Yup.  It's good.  The food is VERY good.  The service is a bit slow.  Hence only 3 stars.  We were there when it wasn't even half full and had to wait and wait for our check, then a to-go box later.  Kind of a waste of time.  We had better service before when they were swamped in the AM on a Saturday.  This was late lunch on a Monday. Should have been better.  The Cincy Chili though, is impressive.
2 Nothing to write home about. Overpriced. I don't like it when mugs are placed upside down directly on the "clean" table. Service was good. Everyone enjoyed their eggs. I ordered a sandwich. Ehh. Chairs are uncomfortable. No booths. And it seems very loud. So, nope....I won't be back.
1 It would get less than 1 star if possible.    When this branch on Eastern in Henderson first opened they appeared to make an effort to please the local customer base.  We have tried it three or four times.  We have not been here for a couple of months.    Oh my, how fast it has become a has been.  No more tries at this particular site.    One order was wrong and the waitress was admittedly 'sorry', enough to offer to 'take care of it' without us asking.  Her idea of taking care of the matter  was to write a note on the ticket "Wrong omelet, but ate anyways"... it was half eaten because we were looking for the ham, when we realized it was a mistake we notified the waitress, who did little but write a very rude note and attach it to our check.    The other order was served incorrectly also, but- with much delay- corrected.  We left without finishing half of either meal.  We left a small tip anyways for a small effort.  The cheery serving staff that was here at the opening has left behind a rather bland, unpleasant staff that is only half interested in making this site as homey as other ones.    With so many offerings in the Las Vegas area for breakfast, it would be a better experience to give your business to a nearby alternative, in fact, any nearby alternative.
5 Very good traditional breakfast food. Portions are huge. Definitely can split an entree. Good service good prices
4 EVERYTIME I eat here, all the servers and hostess are extra friendly and welcoming. They seem like genuinely happy people.  Their smiles are always contagious. Today we are sitting outside.  I should have worn sunglasses. No spectacular view, just the parking lot and cars on Eastern Ave. the radio is on the speakers. The sun feels nice with the cold air. The menu is in news paper fashion. I had apple juice and a breakfast burrito with egg whites and a side of sour cream.  I would give the food 3 stars.  Our server has the same name as me. She was very nice and attentive like all the servers I have had here.  They have an egg that you flip to alert for service, but I haven't ever needed to use it. They have a good variety on their menu and it is one place that I can order something different every time. For two of us our check came out to $22.
5 Chicken or Egg?  That is the proverbial question.  When I am it comes time for breakfast, you will k now that the egg comes first and Egg Works is like the best place for breakfast in Henderson!  Here is the dealio....  a.  Location - Sunridge Heights and Eastern on the West side of Eastern.  Easy to get to and plenty of parking!  b.  The wait - This is the key to any breakfast restaurant and the wait here is quite satisfactory.  I have come here from 7:00 am to 8:30 am and even lunch and the wait on a Sunday or on a popular holiday Sunday is never more than 15 minutes.   c.  The wait control - As much as the wait, with  your anxiety at a higher level, the control by management of the list is also proactive and top notch!  d.  The menu -= Yeah baby...  Whatever you want, whatever your "diet" ,  whatever you are feeling, they have it.  A list of key menu items are:  - Egg Substitute - Hash Brown Substitute - Cottage Cheese and Fruit for sure. - Hawaiian breakfast - Cincinnati chili - Thin chili sauce over spaghetti!!! - Pancakes - Omelettes - Traditional eggs - Biscuits and Gravy - Hamburgers - It goes on and on......  e.  I love the menu because there are times when I want an omelette and when I want something decadent like a hamburger or biscuits and gravy and they have it all.   f.  Pickiness - If you have picky kids, or family members, here are there are so many choices that are scrumptious and fun that you cannot go wrong here!  The right wait, the right food,  great service, what more can you ask for?  GK says....check it out.
5 Friendly open atmosphere with attentive staff and wide menu options. Good for breakfast with fast service and decent prices.
4 One of my favorite breakfast/lunch spots here in town. I love the omelets and there burgers are a big hit. Friendly staff and service is usually quick. They offer flavored creamers for the coffee (whoo whoo) and the banana nut muffins are awesome. Fyi, check Groupon for deals.. they occasionally have one for egg works.   This restaurant always puts a great start to my day.. and being that breakfast is the most important meal of them all.. I would recommend letting egg works hook you up! Lol
4 Really impressed with the service and selection. They have a system where you turn an egg on the top of the table to notify the staff if you need help!
5 My favorite breakfast place in "Vegas". This one is close to home. The veggie skillet is enough to share with a friend. I never miss out on the banana nut muffin even though I try not to eat flour much. The staff is very friendly and always makes us feel like friends. Thanks for opening up nearby.
5 I would like to start off by saying it really pisses me off when people (Judy) misuse Yelp to make false accusations about a restaurant.  Being an owner myself, I am very conscious of my Yelp reviews and know how they can effect my business. That said people like Judy, who by the way has no following and never Yelped before suspiciously, should be acknowledged only after several shots of Tequila!! Enough said!!  First visit here with my wife, having a wonderful time. They brought us both complimentary banana muffins for our first visit, nice touch!! Service is great, staff is awesome, and the breakfast is amazing!! My wife ordered the corn beef hash which I tasted and is the best I have had. I did the tradish ham and eggs which was great!  Recommend highly!!
5 This place is so amazing!!!!! Our waitress Jaszmin was awesome! The banana nut muffin tasted like cake! I got the fiesta skillet with chorizo! My husband got the stuffed French toast! Def recommend this place!
4 I would like to start off by saying that the food was great. Our server a guy from Hawaii was so nice. I can't say that about the server next to me. Jenny. She was awful. I can not believe the way she talked to a guest. it was an elderly man, dining alone. Who I found out has been in the restaurant industry for 30 years. We were seated by the kitchen and I can hear her yelling at people. I know it was here because it stopped when she left and started when she went back. The worse part is that she may have been a manager since she had a different shirt on then everyone else. Which sucks because she probably won't even be held accountable.  I will be back but won't be seated in her station. I have been waiting tables for years and would never talk that way.
1 Went today for a Valentine's treat. When it wasn't that busy I was delighted. As soon as we were seated the guy says "what do you want to drink GUYS"? We were going to order a Bailey's coffee or one of the other special drinks but he was rather huffy. So we rushed to say water please. He sped off. We looked at each other and said I hope he's NOT our waiter. Wrong, he was. He returned with the water and said are you ready GUYS? WE only found his name out because he told the "guys" (which was a table of 4 ladies) behind us it was "pK". We must of heard him say guys 35 times while we were there. Ok FOOD..'... that was brought out by someone else, no biggie. $9.95 for a club additional $1.95 for it to come on a croissant. No mayo, mustard nothing. It looked AWESOME. But was dry. And the heart skillet something, was just that. Something! So so gravy oily potatoes. We only ate half of both. Our waiter returned NEVER ASKED IF THINGS WERE OK? Just said once again, "here guys, thanks guys" dropping the bill. We didn't even know to pay up front. We will NOT return!! Thanks "Paul" "pK" and the kitchen staff for a not so nice Valentine's day treat.
1 I went to this location on Sunday morning. It was not busy and plenty of employees working. It took 10 minutes for a server to come to our table once we were seated!  Food here is terrible. I ordered a bacon & cheese omelette with their home made banana nut muffin. Choice of DEEP FRIED potatoes of hash brown patties (2) or their DEEP Fried "Works" potatoes. Both are frozen. I chose the hash brown potato.  The muffin came first, it was small and looked to be a cupcake, not a muffin. The muffin was dark brown and black....it was burned and dry. I asked for another muffin that was not burned. The second muffin was the same way. I looked around at other tables and noticed all the people had toast, not the muffin.   The thin omelette arrived. It was burned and the bacon was small pieces of crumble which you could not taste. Sent it back to be made again. Received the same thing back, but it was not burned. The hash brown patty was like McDonalds but it was dense and not good. Not at all like McDonalds.  I gave this one star due to the manager coming over to our table to apologize and telling us she was taking care of the check.  p.s. The manager wanted us to try the Works potatoes.  They were small deep        fried potato pieces with Paprika dusted on them. They were served        cold and they tasted old, like they had been sitting around for a long time.
3 We got in fairly quick for 5 people on a Sunday at 11:30.  The menu had a lot to choose from.  Portions were large and prices were decent.  Service was slow and the food wasn't all that great.  Half the people in my party ended up feeling sick the rest of the day.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone I know as there is better places for breakfast.
3 Two stars for food and three stars for service.  We had breakfast here last Saturday and none of us finished our food because it was not that great at all.  The table next to us sent one of their plates back after one bite.  I don't understand the long line at this place.  I ordered the Key Largo Crepe.  It was so heavy with cheddar cheese that I couldn't taste other ingredients came with it.  The supposedly fresh made banana nut muffin tasted worst than store bought mixed.  The server was friendly but that was the only thing stand out about this place.  We will continued our search for a better breakfast place elsewhere.
5 Prime rib eggs benedict is delish! You'll need a while to review the menu there's so many good choices.
3 Food was good, Service was good. Was very busy.....the complaint that I have is the tables are so small you can't even fit the plates. You so smashed together with other tables. No arm room.....and with being busy it made it worse. They need bigger tables and give more space between them. There just cramming people for more money. This makes them look bad! The Egg Works on Rainbow and the 215 way better! I will be going to that one more often.
5 First time here love this place... Great atmosphere and huge portions of food.. Jennifer our waitress at the bar area rocks... Found my breakfast spot....
5 First timer at Egg Works.  Great food, great service. Deanna did a great job, very friendly, very attentive! I recommend the Country Fried Skillet, a bit salty, but delicious!
2 This breakfast spot was recommended but I've visited a couple times to finally come to the conclusion it's really just sub par built for the IHOP faithful. If you're used to fresh and interesting breakfast joints this will disappoint. If you enjoy IHOP and Denny's this is a step up. The menu isn't surprising with a good range of breakfast staples not getting too inventive or wild. My bacon seemed precooked and dry. The omelette was ok but nothing special while my wife had an eggs Benedict to be surprised at the odd taste of the hollandaise sauce( not on a good way!) we were informed by the staff that the sauce is shipped in by bags and is chicken broth based... All I can say is WOW.  Really had to force the second star on this.
5 My wife and I had breakfast today at our Egg Works, near Sun City Anthem.  One of my favorite breakfast dishes is a Loco Moco.  When I asked our waitperson, Rita, to make sure the beef patty was not overcooked, she assured me she knew exactly what I wanted and would tell the chef/cook to prepare it that way.    Boy, she was right!  The burger patty, when I barely cut into it with my fork, melted into perfectly cooked rice & blended with a dark, rich gravy in a way I've never had before!  I've had this dish in Hawaiian restaurants and none came close to the perfection of this one today.    I thank Rita for making sure my Loco Moco was the best...EVER!
5 Man, this place is GOOD!  Like really really good!    We went there this morning after my sister and I ran a 5k. We met my parents there who said they didn't have to wait for a table at all, score!  They have cute menus that look like mini newspapers and a huge selection of breakfast items!  Each page more delicious-sounding than the last!  I opted for the veggie egg crepe (yes that's right CREPE) because guess what? This item isn't made like a desserty crepe, it's a crepe made from EGG which makes it healthy and filling. The crepe was filled with spinach, mushrooms, cheddar (i swapped it for the Swiss) and guacamole and it was delicious. They served it with a side of Italian dressing but I liked it better with ketchup, but that's just me. It also came with really good potatoes that were seasoned with paprika or seasoned salt which was great.   Oh and I forgot to mention two things. 1.  It also came with this yummy banana muffin (almost like an appetizer) and 2.  Each dish can be made as a half size order which is more than filling.   My dad had The Works which he said was "fabulous" and my mom had their Greek scramble but had them turn it into an omelette. My sister got their stuffed French toast which just looked fancy delish.   Also special shout out to the staff there who extremely attentive and friendly. I really can't find any flaws and will definitely go back there again!
4 We came on a Sunday morning about 930, so a 20 minute wait was expected. It took another 40 minutes to get the food. However, the omelette was delicious, and massive. I'm glad me and my wife decided to slit the order. Don't know if the hour wait was worth it, but the food was delicious and the service was top notch. I'd recommend going at a not so busy time. Enjoy.
4 This place serves some of the best breakfast in Las Vegas and our server Candace was amazing as usual--fast, helpful and good attitude.
5 Always enjoy coming to Egg Works for the great food and service.  Today I had Ashley as my server.  Enjoyed her friendly and efficient service.
5 Yep!  This place does it for me.  They are truly the place you want to go for breakfast.  The food is fresh, delicious and the staff is awesome.  If they ever have the loaded breakfast potatoes, you must eat them.  They were on special one time I went and have been craving them since.  Just like a loaded baked potato but made breakfast style.  Oh yah and the green salsa is also delish.  I pretty much recommend anything they make.  I have had a few things on the menu as well as a bite of what my girlfriend orders.  Eat here.  You will NOT be disappointed.
1 I had a very bad experience.  The food is of poor quality.  The service is mediocre.  I got the" chili rellano omlette" I was expecting fresh California or poballano chili's.  It came with canned green chilis.  The potatoes are cheap fried frozen potatoes , not fresh. Save your money there's much better breakfast places in town. ..
5 Food was good and reasonably priced. Our server donna was attentive and nice. We will eat here again
5 Ate here with my family this morning...we're originally from Hawaii so our server PK was a great reminder of home...he was awesome in tending to our table! We definitely plan to make it a more routine breakfast spot!
5 Great food, great service!  Love this place!  Our server, ALEX was awesome as always!
4 My wife and I were in town all week and wanted to try it, so we tried it on our way out yesterday. Nice decor, a step up from IHop. Our server Alex was great. A pot of coffee to the table was a nice touch from the old days. I had the spinach bene and she had a veggie omelet. Both were good, the potatoes were ok but a little heavy on the seasoning. The muffin was over the top good, gratis from the store. Even saved some for the flight home later!
4 Had a great Easter Morning brunch with family and friends!  Debra was a cheerful server and always there when needed.
5 Wide variety of food to choose from. Debra our server was great! I don't eat eggs and there was still plenty on the menu for me.
5 We were there on Easter Sunday @10:30 very minimal wait. Our server was ASHLEY she wss super attentive we are party of 4 (2kids in highchairs) the foods was hot and cooked to our specifications. WE LOVE THIS PLACE we are long time locals.  Bloody marys are superb
3 After driving around the area looking for a breakfast spot, we decided on coming to Egg Works.  It was my first time and I really enjoyed my food.  Upon walking in, I was taken aback by the decor.  It seemed a bit dark and cluttered with a bunch of random images of eggs throughout the restaurant.  There were TV's around the area as well.  Got seated and the waitress provided us with menus and asked for our drinks.  Looked at the menu (which is in a newspaper format - pretty creative) and was overwhelmed by the amount of breakfast items on the menu.  Took me about 10 minutes to decide on a dish.  Ended up getting the california crepe.  The crepe was thin and had a good proportion of egg to meats.  The avocado was the kicker.  I tend to order due to specific items within the dish and the avocado really made it taste great. (of course, the bacon helped as well).  Other dishes our group ordered included the loco moco, which was a bit salty and the banana nut french toast, which was very very (maybe too) moist.  One thing I did notice was that they had great servers and they had a little paddle on each table that lets you indirectly ask for the servers to come.  It seemed pretty creative as well but probably not utilized as often since it is just easier to ask for a server.  I want to come back and try the other items.  The food is pretty good and it seems to be very popular so maybe there are better items on the vast menu that I can order.
3 Large portions of decent food (large enough to share) and good friendly service.
4 The food was perfect and my server Kelli was more than helpful and polite. I'll be back.
4 The omelet was perfectly cooked and, even harder to find,  the toast was crunchy.  Thanks to our waitress, Rita, everything was customized just as requested.
4 This place it pretty awesome. It definitely gets crowded on the weekends, and especially Sunday mornings. But the wait is never too bad. Though, the little waiting space inside can become a serious traffic jam.  The service is friendly and attentive. You'll have a main server, but if you flip your tableside egg to yellow (how you let your server know you need attention), anyone at all will come over and get you what you need.  The menu is plentiful. Lots of delicious sounding items. And it's not just all eggs and breakfast. They have pancakes, lots of sandwiches, etc.  Besides juice an soda, they do offer a couple of cocktails (bloody mary, mimosa, red bull and vodka, and michelada). But the cost doesn't really justify what you get. I'm still not sure there was any vodka in my bloody mary.  If they ask if you want toast or a banana nut muffin, take the muffin! It doesn't look like much (this is not a place concerned with presentation or pretty plating), but it is positively delicious. The portions are huge, so come hungry or don't be afraid to share. It was so hard to choose what I wanted, but I finally decided to go with the chili omelette. So yum! The cincy chili here is quite fabulous and tasty. And the breakfast potatoes that most items come with are outstanding. Seasoned so well you don't dare want hot sauce or ketchup.  All in all, a good, cheap, hearty breakfast was had. We'll for sure be back.
2 Well, loads of food, but also dirty silverware again............it seems as if I think that this place will improve and I keep going back because of their great little clip out of the newspaper coupons, however, it's always something!!
2 To be far I tried this place twice. Very disappointed as it is across the street from my residence. Totally over priced !!  Slow service ..poor quality. My favorite egg dish is Eggs Benedict....  a total disaster.   I'll drive the 12-15 min. to go back to Blueberry Hill Rest.  They get it right 100% of the time.
5 We came in for a late breakfast. I had a half  order of the works omelette with a side of fruit. . my buddy had full order of the stuffed french toast. Each with way too much food for a normal person. The omelette came with a banana muffins. It was very moist, boy was it good. The French toast was so large that if my friends have not eaten for a week he still wouldn't have been able to finish it. And it was delicious. There were two pieces of French toast with a scrambled egg in the middle. My omelette was just the right amount of food. It has a mixture of veggies and chicken with that melted cheese on top. Again absolutely delicious. I recommend coming in hungry and splitting the meal with someone else because otherwise it's way too much food. And the service couldn't be beat. The servers share a table so whenever you need something, you flip a little token on the table and a server comes over immediately and takes care of you need.
1 Very possibly the worst meal I've had in my life! The service was fine but the food was inedible. THe "fluffy scrambled eggs on a fres croissant" was actuall a croisant in the bottom of a stoneware skillet smothered in egg, cheese and sausage. Greasiest thing I've ever had put in front of me.  Other items looked just as bad. The lady sitting nest to me had the taco salad and the smell of the canned salsa made me nauseous.  The "good ole tymie" decor added inslult to injury. Never again.
5 The food is always good but the service by PK is awesome!  He serves good food, always with a big smile. He definitely brings the Aloha!
5 Went I with my family on Saturday morning, place wasn't too busy when we arrived, walked right in. Very surprised since it was around. 9:30. Anyways, menus are pretty nifty like newspapers. Egg decor all around, gives you the farm style feeling, liked it. Food was delicious, just a little too much cheese on omelettes. Chili relleno, crazy chicken, and strawberry cream cheese French toast all a must try. Debra ( Deborah?) our server was DELIGHTFUL & on point, never had to ask for refills, or extra napkins she was always right there when we needed her. She was very helpful in answering all of our questions.  Overall great visit, we will be back!
2 First time tying this place. The Food is mediocre of that. I personally did not enjoy my food the only one good I can say is the banana but muffin was the best thing they had. And the salsa is terrible pros are service was good at least this visit
3 This review is for the Egg Works (EW) restaurant that opened about a year ago at 10839 S. Eastern, Henderson, NV. Their hours are goofy but that is their shtick. They are conveniently located and usually not too crowded at the times I chose to dine there. My review is based on at least 6 visits over the past few months. Why so few visits? Read on...  The restaurant was converted from the old Bonefish Grill that opened and closed without much fanfare a few years ago. EW converted the interior to their open, bright and somewhat boring style that is reminiscent of a diner with green seats, small tables, painted murals and a motif that suggests the inside (or outside?) of a barn. That motif is apropos given the signature food served by this restaurant is the egg. The facility is generally clean though I have found crumbs on the chairs and benches as well as occasional sticky spots on the tables. The wait staff is friendly, professional and efficient.  My gripe is with food preparation. For the sake of this review, my order consisted of eggs, bacon, either a waffle or pancakes, and a drink. In six visits, the eggs have arrived correctly prepared from the kitchen only once; the bacon, three times; and the waffle or pancakes, twice. Believe it or not, I've had to request a new drink twice! For a restaurant that primarily serves breakfast, this is ... well ... amazingly disappointing. They usually delivered the eggs with runny whites (YUCK!) despite my request for "over medium" or "over well". The bacon was rarely cooked crisp. The flavorful waffles have been so crunchy as to be nearly burnt and the pancakes were so gummy as to be inedible (the fake maple syrup was only passable). The portion size, for the albeit pricey menu item, was average -- $12 for two eggs, three thin strips of bacon, 1 waffle (or 2 pancakes) and a drink. There was no garnish. Admittedly, other dishes have larger portion sizes along with somewhat higher prices. Other menu items offer breakfast potatoes (I avoid these because they are severely over-spiced) or a banana muffin (I think it is a little too sweet).  They do have one redeeming quality though: they stand behind their product. While I don't like to complain about the food I'm served -- and I rarely return anything -- if they notice I've left my meal over, they will offer to make a new one or adjust my check. Kudos to them for that but I really wish they would train their cooks to do a better job and have someone double check that the meal is prepared correctly before it leaves the kitchen (as the server isn't always the one who brings the food out).  I wish I could write that I liked EW more.  2 stars for the food plus 1 star for their pride.
5 Our server, Alex, was great. I have been to this location several times and have always had wonderful service. Today was the first time for lunch. It was excellent, as usual. Thank you!
4 Kris and I have been here several times now, and we've got nothing but great things to say about this place. This Egg Works in Henderson consistently has great food and outstanding service. There hasn't been an egg-dish yet that we haven't enjoyed, and the country potatoes are also crisp, full, and savory! A special shoutout to our server Jodi and her speedy service; here's hoping you make it to Disneyland!
5 we come here all the time, our go to spot!   Closest place to a nj diner in the area.  Service is good and their very quick.  also has out door seating.  Very cost effective pricing as well...
5 I live this location of Egg Works. Been to them all including The Egg and I's, and this location has the best servers and good. The whole place is clean, including restrooms. They have quality food, seems a little fresher then most locations. The server PK is great. He is quick with his service and fun and easy to talk to. Trevor is another great sever/manager at this location. The daily changing food specials are also really good. I get a lot of different things but my old stand by is the mashed potato omelette. It's killer!!
4 This is a great place.  I have been here a few times and have tried different items and everytime, it has been great.    The portions are a great size and guess what???  They give a military discount here.  So far I have not had any complaints about the food, or the service.  I have also never heard any complaints from anyone I have been here with.  So if you are hungry for good food from breakfast to 3:30pm, this is the place to go.  I would definitely recommend you try this place if you are in the area, you will not be disappointed.  Lastly, our server was Jaclyn and she was AWESOME...if you go and can get her table, you will have some GREAT service and she will keep you happy.
5 Had a wonderful breakfast at the EggWorks on Eastern.  Our server, Ethan, welcomed us and did an awesome job making sure our needs were met.  Will definitely return.
5 Fantastic service and a vast array of tasty delights here! The Santa Cruz skillet is a favorite.  They have delicious signature banana muffins that come with all breakfast meals (almost all).  One of the few places in town that let's you substitute fruit instead of potatoes.  Also you can order half size orders if you don't want the humongous portions that they serve. The coffee is okay (I'm a snob though) but "okay" is better than the other crap they serve anywhere else. Plus you get your own thermos of it so you don't wait for refills.  PLUS they serve Cincinnati chili here. Pretty much can't go wrong with this choice!
5 .We love this place and Kelli is great. The Island Favorite is always fresh.  Portions are perfect
