5 I have been coming here since the new owners took it over in May and I will not go any where else.  Larry and Kate have created a wonderful spa to come get nails,  toes, eye brows,  facials,  all kinds of waxing.  I always bring in crazy pictures of nails and they make them happen no matter what.  This picture is from today.
5 Best place to get a pedicure! The staff is so friendly and does a awesome job every time!
5 Fav nail salon! Have been coming here for about 3 years! Great employees and quality service! Also they have 20% off happy hour deals and awesome discount cards   Kate and Larry are awesome!!!
5 This is our go to nail salon! Larry, Kate, Cynthia, Kim and the crew are awesome people. They do beautiful work and are extremely thorough. I have had multiple pedicures here and have never been disappointed. When you come to this nail salon you really feel like part of the family, which is very hard to find in a nail salon. Before I found this place I thought I was getting decent pedicures, but when I started coming here I realized all of the other salons charge extra for what AZ Tips and Toes includes in their pedicure package. They do hot rock massage, paraffin wax, sea salt scrub(and you get to choose which scent; cranberry for the holidays mmmm!!), callus removal and all of the other wonderful parts of the pedicure. I will never go anywhere else and greatly appreciate all of the wonderful work Larry and his crew do!
5 This is by far my favorite nail salon in the area. I've tried a few other out, and they were not as friendly and as accommodating as this location.  They are always very welcoming and always try their best to get all the walk ins taken care of, no matter how busy they are. They are very attentive when doing your nails, which I really appreciate, because other places just try to get you out as soon as they can. Not here, they take their time and make sure you are satisfied with your service. They have lots of gel nail polish to chose from which is always a plus!
4 First off, ask for Kate! She was, well, great! She got my nails in tip top...shape. Okay enough rhyming. We originally stopped in for mani/pedis before going to a reflexology session next door, but the salon was packed. Kate got started on my manicure right away, but my mom and her friend ended up waiting a bit for their pedis to begin. Kate and the rest of the staff were all very apologetic (adorable 19 year old working the front, welcome to AZ girl! You are precious). We ended up postponing reflexology, but it was worth it.   My manicure is pretty damn flawless and Kate actually listened when I told her how much length I wanted off/shape I preferred. The regular mani also included a tangerine hand scrub. I got a deluxe pedicure that included a 10 minute massage, the same tangerine scrub, and hot stones. 3 days later and my feet are still smooth! They had a nice color selection (including OPI's, Essie, Color Clubs, and few that I hadn't heard of but love) and they weren't outrageously priced! 2 manicures and 2 deluxe pedicures + 20% tip = less than $90.   Even though this place isn't close to my house at all, I think we'll be coming back!
5 I love Kate. She does a great job. I recommend her to everyone. Her staff is great as well.
5 I had the best pedicure I've ever experienced at this shop.  Having tried all the shops in the area, my husband and I were so pleased to finally find a shop we will return to and refer our friends to.  Larry is especially outstanding and a perfectionist for quality service.  We will always patronize this shop and refer our friends.
1 Ok..so I generally don't post bad experiences, and I always take bad reviews with a grain of salt, and I encourage you to do the same. That being said, I honestly had the worst pedicure of my life at this place. Others seem to have liked it in the past, so maybe it was just my technician! I actually stopped the pedicure early, as my technician wasn't paying attention to my requests and admittedly stated she gets easily distracted. When you stop a foot and leg massage because the technician is digging her nails into your tibia, you know you aren't having a good time. Who stops leg and foot massages? Not me!! Except this time. I can't recommend this place at all, but others have.
1 Wow! Never been practically turned away from a nail salon. Only one person waiting besides me and all the chairs full. Checked in at 3:30 & then was asked to come back @ 5 pm. Um no, I live out of town and it's a Saturday, be better prepared!!!! Business lost...just walked out
5 I have come here three times now for full sets and a pedicure. Everyone there is great, especially Kate who is amazing. Prices are very reasonable and the results are great quality. There's a reason they're busy: high demand! Make an appointment and enjoy the best nail place in Ahwatukee.
5 This is the best nail salon and spa in az.....they do everything no Need to go anywhere else...I always make an appointment becuz they are ALWAYS busy.....they take their time and they give u exactly wht u ask for.....
5 I've been on the hunt for a new pedicure place for months after a nasty experience at another salon nearby. This place is top-notch. Only $20 for a pedicure and they use hot stones. What?! All instruments are autoclaved and single-use. The salon is spotless. The technicians are meticulous and insanely friendly. I'm in love.
5 I love this salon! Due to my schedule I am never able to make an appointment, sometimes this means I may have to wait or I can always come back... but Larry and Kate ALWAYS do their best to serve every guest. If you can't make an appointment you have to know that you may be faced with this. Sure...there are places where they turn you and burn you, but that is NOT what you get here. You consistently get GREAT service.   Kate is amazing. She always does a great job on my nails, and is super fast.  Cynthia Kevin, and Larry also do a great job. They always offer you water, and have a very nice menu of services to choose from including hot rocks and scented waters.   I have been to many other nail salons and did not feel "valued".  Kate and Larry will value your business, and they strive to always do better.  I will not go any place else for my nails and pedicure!
1 I have been to this place twice and both times had bad experiences. First time I went in as a walk in at 10am with my daughter. The man who helped us said they could not take us as they were pretty busy. Totally understandable considering it was a Saturday. But it was the way he treated us that was very poor. I get that you are too busy to take us but how about exercising a little customer service and helping us schedule a later time or next day. He was very rude and dismissive. It was kind of embarrassing considering there was people all around us. Despite this we decided to try again the next day. I called and made an appt with the man who answered the phone. Not sure if it was same guy. We made it for last appt of the day. When we arrived two young ladies greeted us but could not find our appt. again instead of trying to accommodate us they just said we didn't have an appt so they couldn't take us. Then they said that we called the wrong salon. I tried to show them the number I called on my phone log but they refused to look at it. I checked it with the number on the store brochure and window and I had called the correct store. I told them this but no answer. Again no one tried to reschedule or even apologize for the confusion. I have been to many nail salons in different states and have never been treated so bad. Also this salon had one of the strongest product smells that I have ever experienced. I'm thinkin it all worked out for the best. Found a great place down the road.
5 I had the pleasure of getting my nails done here this afternoon. Everybody is extremely nice. The wait was very short and they got us in without any problems. During my pedicure, Larry really talked with me and helped me! I had initially wanted callus remover, but he took the time to explain that I didn't need it just yet and talked through the steps I could do at home to get perfectly smooth feet! I really appreciated that he talked with me and didn't just add it on. My pedicure was awesome. Larry took the time with each step and didn't rush through it at all. The massage was great. My friend and I really felt that everyone there was there to help! Customer service was awesome!  I would recommend this place for sure! My friend and I will both be coming back! Great great nail place!
2 Tried out this place on a whim this weekend because the other reviews were mostly good - and my usual place has gotten a little lax lately. Guess the old adage of 'you get what you pay for' remains true yet again. Buyer beware. Perhaps the Tech was having a bad day, but I will not ever be going back. Here are my thoughts.   The Good Price ($20 for a basic pedi). Hot stone massage. No forced conversation with the Tech. Tech didn't try to up-sell me.  The Bad Not as many color choices as I like.  Pedi chairs were really close. Felt like my neighbors were really on top of me. The polish smell was overpowering when you walked in. Worse than most places.  The Ugly Overall, the Tech was awful and rude. She did an absolute hack job on my cuticles and I bled from both big toes in the SAME SPOT  (WTF?! Should have learned after the first one). At that point, I almost walked out. I should have. My right toe bled for over 20 minutes and she only put something on to stop the bleeding after she put the base coat on - meaning my foot went in and out of the water at least three times before it stopped. Every time someone walked in the door or said anything near us, she would stop in the middle of what she was doing and stare at them. Totally distracted! Spent about 10 seconds on my heels so they're still fairly scratchy. Totally rushed my polish, then immediately put my sandals on. Basically kicked me out of the chair right then and I was halfway to the cashier before she asked if I wanted the dryer. It has been over 24 hours and my toes are still hurting, and my right toe is still very red and I'm concerned about infection.
4 Tried the salon this morning and really liked it. It is very clean and the staff is super nice. They make it a point to address you by name and listen to all of your requests. They also have CND vinylux polish which is my favorite! My only complaint was it took way too long (70 minutes for a basic pedi). I think this was due to my technician being new and inexperienced but she was very nice. I will definitely go back but make sure not to have the same girl.
