5 What a great new Pho restaurant!!  Try their Pho soup! It's amazing and not loaded with salt.  You can taste all the amazing flavors in it.  One of a kind.  I'll be coming back for more and more!
5 Very good food!!! We had the Spring roll and Eggroll first. It was very delicious!!!  I had Mi Sate(thin yellow noodle with beef in yummy broth). It was very tasty, love it!!! Hubby had the Bun Bo Hue, he said it the best in Vegas. We would come here again :)
5 Just ate at pho sing sing wow, great food and the very good service ill be back for sure !!!!!!!
5 Excellent service great food. My girlfriend and I are not very experimental when it comes to pho so we stuck with the pho tai. The broth had an excellent taste and the soup was fresh and hot. Even my girlfriend liked it and she is super picky. The standout though was the smoothies they're really freakin good I ordered the taro which tastes like cookies and cream and my girl ordered the strawberry and banana which was really good to she swore it was the best smoothie she ever had which is funny to me cause I know she loves her smoothies and ice cream. Overall great place I will be back.
2 This 3 star review comes from two vastly different experiences. The food was absolutely fabulous. I'd say the food was a 4 and half star. I absolutely loved it, but the service I recieved was horrendous. I walked in and the place was pretty busy, so I'm not going to hold it against them that I had to wait for someone to approach me and seat me. that was the start, I was essentially left alone for about 10 minutes until the waitress came and took my order, at which time she brought me the water I asked for the second I entered. My food was brought out to me, and not a word was said or even a look at me. It was almost as if se didn't want to be there and I was an annoyance. While eating, it took a superhuman effort to get the waitress' attention just to get a refill on the water. It wasn't very pleasant The food, on the other hand was da B-O-M-B. I started off with the chicken wings and fish oil sauce, and needless to say it blew my socks off. The chicken was perfectly fried, and the sauce complemented it perfectly. In fact the only bad thing was that i burned my tongue because I'm too impatient to let it cool down. For my main appetizer, I decided not to get pho, but actually to try their broken rice because thats one of my favorite things. The pork was delicious and tender. I almost licked the plate clean is how good I loved it. but in the end, as much as I loved the food, the service left a bad taste in my mouth. As someone who knows how restaurants work behind the  scenes, I tend to give a little more leeway for bad service because I know waiters get busy and they are generally doing what they can. This though, was a little too much. No check to make sure everything is fine with the food, not once did she ask me if i needed more water. I understand that she had other tables and large parties, but I am still a paying customer and I still would like to feel welcomed when I go out to eat. I'm very undecided on whether or not I'll return here
2 Food is ok. Portion is too small for the price!
1 The customer service is ridiculous because the server has no service skill at all. I ordered a Pho special TO-GO, the soup and the meats are cold. I called to the restaurant, the server said she though I will eat it at home, so I can microwave it. She also mentioned  most of customers would do it that way. WT Pho... "most of " is not equal "all of ", at least she needs to ask the customer first, before she put in the order.
5 Been searching for a good viet restaurant in Vegas since I move here and haven't found anything til I stumble upon pho sing sing . Pho is great , very flavorful. Broken  rice dishes is pretty awesome too But the banh canh is to die for .. Very authentic! Just like the way mama make it at home. Now when my friends ask me what's the best Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas I can  say pho sing sing!
5 Best pho in town! authentic Bac pho.  You can def. taste the spices that most pho should have but don't have.  Food portion is really large.  They don't carry diff. sizes.  Chicken wings are amazing as well.  Almond Coconut smoothie is good after a long night :)
5 I really enjoyed the flavorful pho broth here, no condiments needed to be added.  Just a little squeeze of lime and it was perfect!    The Banh Canh is also very good.  It tastes homemade and they are generous with the portions.    For appetizers, the chicken wings were extremely flavorful!  I like how crispy they were.  I definitely recommend the drinks here also.  They have a selection of different types of dessert drinks.  I had the Honeydew shake and it was delicious!  Creamy and flavorful.    Overall, I was very happy with my experience here.  I can't wait to go back!
3 Cash only!  I would have ordered more, but I spent the last of my precious cash for a hair cut plus tips earlier.  So after making sure I had enough to cover what I ordered (Shredded Pork, Charbroiled Pork& Egg Loaf with Broken Rice), I waited patiently for my food. Leos L was not as lucky, and had to make a run for 168 Market before they closed (which turned out to be a good thing, as he scored on some end of the day dim sum specials).  Anyway, service here is average.  They are nice and promptly delivers the food once it is prepared by the kitchen, just like most other restaurants.  The food was just A-OK as well.  I have had better and I have had worst.  Room for improvements?  Yes!  But the broken rice plate that I ordered was decent, and I cleaned my plate.  Portion was average. Enough for the average diner.  What I think can be improved upon (how they prepare the grilled pork on the com tam and bun dishes).  One of the things that Leos and I both agreed on during this meal is that there are a lot of Vietnamese restaurants here in Las Vegas. Pho Sing Sing, being a Vietnamese restaurant does an okay job at it.  But we both wonder is being just okay enough?  Or does a restaurant needs to offer something special that they alone does very well to keep customers coming back for more.  That is the $150,000 question.  As for me, I will come back to check out their pho menu, but for com tam (broken rice) I already have a favorite in town.  Besides the typical Vietnamese pho restaurant menu offerings, they serve boba as well.  A-OK.  (Former location of Taiwan Kitchen)
5 Best soup in vegas.soup lover should give this a try
5 FOODIES, if you want the best Bun Curry, Pho, and Ca Canh Chua (VNese sour/sweet fish soup), and fresh vegetarian dish, you should check this place out.  I came to Vegas last week for a convention and came here for our team's dinner which was arranged by our team leader.   Needless to say, our leader is a VNese foodie who knows how to COOK very well, so I trust her taste and went along to have my dinner at this restaurant in this Asian Food strip.  Bottom line is the whole team (made up of multicultural group) loved the food.  My daughter was crazy for the Bun Curry (Fish Curry with rice noodle) while my hubby devoured the ca canh chua.   While I inhaled the egg rolls, I also vacuumed the vegetarian dish down my tummy.  Our friends (VNese and Indian) were equally enthusiastic about the food and cleaned their bowls if Fish Curry.    The fish curry was delicious with just the right touch of potato, fish, curry, and sweetness while you eat it with the noodle/bun.     The Ca Canh Chua was Sooooo YUMMMMY. It was light, sour, and had enough fish and freshly cooked tomatoes, tomatoes, and some other Vnese vegetables that I don't know how to pronounce or write :(  Hubby ate it with rice but I ate it with Bun/rice noodle and it was most delicious.  Oh how I love thee Ca Canh Chua.    As I write this, my daughter hovers over my description and reminds me to tell everyone to order the FIsh curry with Noodle :)  IT IS THE BEST THAT SHE HAS EVER EATEN!!  She is VERY PICKY when it comes to curry because we have the BEST in San Jose and Santa Clara.  Sorry Aunties, Pho Sing Sing won on the Fish Curry.  Too bad that I have to find it in LAS VEGAS!!!!!!!!!   :(  I have not visited the Asian trip at my last trip to Vegas (5 yrs ago) so I cannot say anything before.  I was SHOCKED to see SOOOO MANY Chinese, Thai, Korean, Vietnamese, ...ese restaurants.  Had my leader not found this restaurant, I would not able to discern which restaurants to try.      On a side note:  I always take time to talk to the owners or waitresses whenever I love their food.   IF you find that the food is da bomb, take the time and let them know how much you appreciate their craft.    I find that most often, they are harried or trying to multitask that made them ignore you.   When I go to Asian restaurants (unfortunately), I have low expectations of any eye contacts or service :) hehhehhe.    I am lucky, however, that most owners love to talk to me and hear my unsolicited opinions :)
3 I loved this place pho was awesome taro smoothie was good as well but the service was slow no body going around filling waters . Sucks because I really wanted to love this place . Everybody was nice tho I just hate when places let that slack everybody was talking and looking at computers and tablets kinda sucks when their was only 3 tables when I was their
5 We've tried many Vietnamese restaurants in the Las Vegas area, but we have now found THE BEST !! Pho Sing Sing has it all !! The food and reasonable prices are only surpassed by the superior service.  Located in the Chinatown area of Vegas, plenty of parking, clean and comfortable.  We could not be more pleased ! The 5 star rating is WELL DESERVED !! P.S. Don't even consider leaving without trying the Taro Smoothie !!!!
1 While I was looking at Yelp, I saw that Pho Sing Sing had 4 1/2 stars and it was located next to my favorite Chinese restaurant, Hong Kong Garden, so I decided to try it. My friend and I decided to order egg rolls and pho. The egg rolls weren't the best that I've tried in Vegas and were kind of bland even with the sauce. The pho wasn't anything special and my friend found what looked like a nose hair in her pho, but the owners said it was just hair from the beef but changed her bowl of pho. I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair. When we got the check, they did not charge us on the pho, but while we were handling the check, we saw a cockroach on the wall. Disgusting! I'm never coming back.
5 This place was fantastic!! Tried it for the first time today for lunch and I was not disappointed. The pho was outstanding, the meat was well seasoned, the noodles were great the perfect thickness for the flavorful broth. I would recommended it to anyone who appreciates good pho at a great price. Also, the Thai tea and avocado smoothie were exceptional compliments to the meal!  I will be returning frequently for high quality at a good price.
5 My wife and I wanted to try this new Viet restaurant in China Town.  We were extremely happy that we did!  The restaurant is located in the 168 Market complex.  It is kinda meshed into a sea of grocery stores and other businesses within this complex.  Think of being in a forest looking for that one tree.    Once you find it, inside, it is a bit small, quaint, and simple.  Just like I like it.  After speaking with the waitresses, we found out that it is a family restaurant that is run by several sisters.  Below are my ratings for service and food:  Service - I give it a 3.5 stars.  We came during the busy lunch time.  And, because they were still refining their service process and procedures, it was a bit slow.  Unlike many of the Viet restaurants that we have gone too, they were very friendly, polite, and apologize for the speed and wait time.  Food - definitely a 5 star here.  I ordered the wings as an appetizer and Banh Canh (Seafood noodle soup) as the main course.  The wings were excellent.  It looked like it was fried and dipped in some spicy, sweet, tangy sauce.  It was absolutely delicious.  The only critique that I have is that the wings need to be larger.  They were sort of "boney", but TASTY!  Now, for the entree, Banh Canh... Oh my!  Wow is all I have to say.  Outside of my mother's cooking, this was probably the most AUTHENTIC vietnamese Banh Canh that I have ever had.  They got it absolutely right.  I wish there was more.  Overall, our restaurant experience was very good.  It definitely made our list of top Viet restaurants in Las Vegas.  And, we will return!  Enjoy!
4 Great spot. Pho Sing Sing's got it. If you have a car or want to pay for a cab, go for it.  We rolled in right at 10am, and it was empty.  Service was fantastic and they let us hang out for as long as we wanted.   The pho broth is solid, and so is the summer roll.  I'd come back again.
5 Delicious food and fantastic service!! The food was everything Pho should be and the servers were beyond excellent. They were fast, courteous, and even took custom food orders. When my friend added too much cream to her iced coffee, they brought her a replacement at no charge. The chicken wings were also so tangy and delicious!! We will visit again!
5 Living in the heart of Little Saigon (Westminster, CA) I'm accustomed to very good Vietnamese food. I'm a Bun Bo Hue and Banh Canh addict. So on my first trip to this restaurant I ordered the Banh Canh... All I have to say is EXTRAORDINARY! I usually have to add fish sauce for flavor to every dish... First spoonful of this Banh Canh, I was surprised that it had more than enough flavor to please the pickiest taste buds! I definitely recommend this on a cold, gloomy day or any day in fact! By far THE BEST damn Banh Canh I've ever had!!!!  Okay, on to the Bun Bo Hue. Like I said previously, I love lots of flavor in my broth, this soup was everything beyond my expectations. I usually add extra chili paste to this to make it even more spicy! But without the extra chili paste it was perfection. Squeeze lime! And you're all set for a belly full of happiness! :D  THIS WILL BE THE ONLY VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT I WILL DINE AT FROM NOW ON! Go now or your stomach will be mad at you. ;)
5 Pho Sing Sing is sooo good! Before leaving Las Vegas, we stopped by Pho Sing Sing because we wanted something soupy to cure our hangover :) I'm Vietnamese so I typically don't order pho when I go to Vietnamese restaurants because I prefer homemade pho. So I opted for their banh canh. Wow, it was sooo flavorful! I It was one of the best banh canhs I've ever had! It definitely hit the spot! My husband, who is Chinese, opted for the pho like usual. I tried the broth because I was curious. Surprisingly it was really good! It tasted really fresh, and I could tell there was definitely no MSG there! I normally don't care for pho, but this time I kept alternating between his bowl and mine. The best of both worlds :) I definitely recommend Pho Sing Sing. It tastes like fresh, flavorful, homemade cooking :) We definitely left Vegas extremely satisfied! We'll definitely be back!
1 Horrible, we will not return.    Pho Dac Biet = nothing special about the special Pho Tai = where's the beef (tai) Jalapeño and sprouts was old  Com bi thit Noung cha gio= meat was cold had to ask for new plate.  Meat could have been from last night - Yuk!  One last note, cash only
5 QUALITY DOES COUNT  Back in the old days I ate pho and Vietnamese food because it was a great meal for little $. These days it's has melded into all levels of Americana cuisine. Now, I don't eat it based on bulk and price.  I much prefer quality over quantity.   Expectations when it comes to quantity is all over the map.  But when it comes to quality there is little to argue.  We didn't order their signature entree Banh Canh Cua Tom Gio Heo (udon noodles with crab, shrimp & pork). I can't break directions on the old Roman roads. So I again go after my favorite com tom dish (broken rice) Bi Suon Cha aka as the combo plate with pork chop, shredded pork and egg loaf (29).  Yu-go couldn't resist ordering the Cambodian style seafood rice and egg noodle soup...Hu Tieu nam Vang (18).  Unlike many of the Vietnamese restaurants in town, the pork chop would have been an end or shoulder cut. Here it's very little in bones and more of a less trimmed center cut which is full of satisfying flavored tender meat.  The restaurant is not even seven weeks old.  It's owned by five sisters from Southern California. We met Rose & Cynthia on this Sunday afternoon. There's a tall and slender young man who is more than likely a family member.  My com tam plate was most enjoyable and Yu-go chauffeur's noodle soup (loved the browned minced garlic) was beyond satisfying. Those with a buffet appetite should order an appetizer or side orders to fill up.  Prices are modest even with the extra side orders.  The mirrored walls and stainless steel table tops makes for a cool atmosphere. The sisters are most delightful and appreciative of their customers. What captured Yu-go chauffeur's eyes was the huge golden Arowana. Have to talk to Tony at the International Market and see if he can order one for us.  The next time one of us will try their their signature dish Banh Canh Cua Tom Gio Heo. Plenty of convenient parking in  front of restaurant.
2 Being from LA, I try not to take my food snobbery to other cities outside of my hometown. With that said, this place was below my expectations. My parents and I came here for Pho on a Tuesday around 10am driving back to LA. There were about four other customers in the restaurant since it was still before lunch. All of us ordered Pho with rare beef and well done brisket. I would generally expect something like Pho to be out in front of me within five minutes, but Pho Sing Sing had other ideas. Twenty minutes later with the place still near empty, our Pho finally came out.  My bowl of Pho soup tasted a little strange almost gamey. My parents also noted the same strange flavor. Perhaps the beef was old? Regardless, I was hungry and ate everything. As for my Dad, he found something strange when he was chewing on the noodles. He picked out some plastic from his mouth about the size of a half-dollar coin. The plastic was dyed slightly yellow from the oil and soup base. I think the plastic could have come from the noodle or meat packaging.    For those of you brave enough to order a bowl of Pho here, tell the waiter that you'll have the plastic bits come on the side and that you'll put that particular condiment in the bowl yourself if you feel extra hungry.
4 As we walked in we saw the "cash only" sign and started to walk out since my wife and I only had about three bucks in cash combined. One of the employees said they could take credit cards after we told them why we were leaving. How convenient. Obviously, they just don't want to deal with credit card fees. I can't fault them for that, but it's not exactly a business practice I like.  Our lunch consisted of the goi cuon ($4.95) -- shrimp and pork spring rolls that were missing any sign of pork. The bun cha gio ga nuong ($7.95) was decent. egg rolls and charbroiled chicken with noodles. The portion size was plenty but the chicken lacked flavor. Adding plenty of fish sauce helped a little. The broth of the pho tai ($7.95) had plenty of flavor and was the highlight of the meal.  Service was excellent and friendly. They didn't have a problem with me sharing the bún with my son and even brought out a separate bowl with noodles for him. Located at Jones and Desert Inn, it's closer than other Vietnamese places so chances are I'll be back.
4 When I think of the ambience and food of Pho Sing Sing, I am reminded of the pretty great and authentic Vietnamese restaurants in Westminster, CA.  As you walk in, you are greeted with friendly staff, then immediately seated.  Throughout your dining experience, you will probably be asked once or twice about how everything is going - which is a bit uncommon for a Vietnamese restaurant or, perhaps even just small-business Asian restaurants in general?.  Anyway, the staff is very charming, and makes you feel welcomed.  I ordered a rice dish, which consisted of grilled pork chop, shredded pork skin, an egg cake, pickled daikon and carrots, thin slices of cucumbers, and nuoc cham (dipping sauce).  As complicated as this dish sounds, it's actually fairly simple, yet the chef(s) manage to make everything taste great, especially the smokiness of the pork chop.  Now, a lot of Vietnamese restaurants have their own recipe for nuoc cham, but Pho Sing Sing's is one of my favorites - just a smashing blend of saltiness, sweetness, and sourness.  This dish also needed more pickled daikon and carrots; I remember it having only about a handful of shreds.   Their bot chien (fried rice flour cake) was good, too. I am not a huge fan of this dish, cause I think that a lot of places make it taste bland.  However, I was surprised that I actually quite enjoyed this dish.  The rice flower cake itself was semi-crunchy, which I think is supposed to be like that - I mean, it's cooked and mixed with a scrambled egg.  Their dipping sauce for the bot chien was a good compliment to the dish as a whole.   I've also tried their dessert drinks as well.  Their basil seed drink is perfection in a cup - it's semi sweet and just tastes like liquefied jello (not in a gelatinous state) mixed with basil seeds. TRY IT!  Their mocha jelly drink was good as well - like if you were in the mood for a drink that kind of tastes like an iced chocolate milk drink and a cappuccino with jelly floating around, then I would say order this drink.  Their che 3 mau was deliciously amazing, too (it's pretty much like halo-halo). This review is getting quite long, and I'm not too sure what's in this dessert "drink," and I won't even tell you to order it.  But, if you don't, then you are missing out.    Anyway, this is a great new Vietnamese restaurant.  Give it a shot if you are ever in the mood for a new Vietnamese restaurant. I know I will be back just to try out how their other dishes taste.   Also, a tip:  they have a cash only sign, but they do accept cards through Square, I believe.  You will just be charged $1 extra.
5 This is the Pho restaurant that most of the Japanese people in town recommend, so I decided to try it out a few months ago and now my coworkers and I meet here regularly.   I've noticed at 2am some nights when I'm driving by Pho Sing Sing, that the lights in the kitchen are still on and someone is preparing the broth for the pho. The manager of this restaurant informed me that there is always someone around to make sure the broth is perfectly supervised. Special attention is put into the broth at Sing Sing, the type of attention that the other Pho restaurants neglect due to various reasons I will explain later. The heat that the broth is boiled in must be at a specific temperature or the taste will deviate. Sing Sing prides themselves on consistency, and makes sure that during the cooking process, the heat never exceeds or falls below the standard which produces the most quality broth. For a more bold taste, the bones still have the meat on them when boiled along with various spices such as Saigon cinnamon, ginger, and a particular secret spice recipe that Sing Sing has developed. This method of intense cooking removes any reason to put MSG into the broth. The reason why all the other pho places(most particularly Pho So 1 and Kim Long) pack their broth with MSG is because they absolutely have to in order to serve the gigantic crowds that rush in 24 hours a day. Yes, because the 24 hour Pho restaurants never close, they need to rush the cooking process or they will run out of broth. This is the reason the Pho usually tastes very weak, and to mask some of that weak taste they use MSG. Pho Sing Sing absolutely does not use MSG. But, who cares about that...Japan has used more MSG(Ajinomoto) than any other country in the world and they also happen to have one of the lowest cancer rates in the world, and they live longer than Westerners. There actually has never been any study that proves that MSG is detrimental to an individual's health. But regardless, Sing Sing does not use it at all due to the reasons I mentioned.   They serve oxtail here but you gotta come early because they sell out. The oxtail is boiled for over 20 hours, so the meat literally falls of the bone. They also give you a ton of steamed onions with it. There is nothing else like oxtail with srirachi, hoisin, and onions with your pho.   The reason why Pho comes out in less than 5 minutes at other restaurants like Pho Kim Long is because it's cooked ahead of time. That's also why all the noodles stick together. The reason why it takes a longer time here is because they cook the noodles when you order it, just like at Ramen-Yas. What I like the best about the noodles at Sing Sing is the medium-firmness from being cooked at the moment before serving.   Pho Sing Sing is the only Pho restaurant I have ever been to that actually has good service, or even service at all. I love Pho Little Saigon but after the server brings you your Pho, you never see another living person again. Same sh!t goes on at Kim Long and especially at Pho So 1.   By reading yelp reviews, it's hard to determine which Pho restaurant to go to. Like I mentioned in my "Pho Saigon" review, there is a "PHO WAR" going on between Vietnamese restaurant owners who sabotage each other's businesses with fake reviews. Also, other races of Asians tend to be ignorant of each other's cuisine. For example, Many Chinese and Koreans will complain that Miso Ramen is too salty, and Shoyu ramen is not salty enough. They don't realize that in Japan, Miso is meant to be extra salty, and Shoyu is meant to have a subtle flavor.   What I am trying to say is that every single Pho restaurant on LV yelp has a very low rating(3 stars), but that is not a reflection on how good the places really are for various reasons.
5 Pho Sing Sing is a family owned and run restaurant. You can tell they take pride in serving high quality authentic Vietnamese food here.  Be aware that the Pho does have msg, like almost all Pho places. There was a yelp tip that said no msg here, I asked our waiter about it. He said he didn't know, so I asked one of the cooks who said they do use msg, but not a lot.  I tried the spring rolls and several vermicelli bowls. Everything was delicious. The vermicelli noodles were perfectly cooked, the bean sprouts and other veg was fresh and crispy, the meat was nicely trimmed and marinated, and the fish sauce was perfectly balanced.  So far this has been the best Vietnamese I have had in Chinatown, it sets a much higher standard for how good this food can be. I will definitely be coming back to try the other dishes.
4 Pho is one of those foods that to me it's almost impossible to mess up.   Like chicken fingers or a grilled hot dog, as long as the basic components are there, even if they're not cooked 100% to my liking I'll probably still be able to finish it off and be content.  So I often see reviewers, including my favorite reviewer of all time Tetsuro P go on about the nuances of a particular pho broth, and how different one might be to another, but to be honest my delicate palate just must not be able to distinguish those nuances.   I've had bowls from a place like Sing Sing where it's a labor of time and love to make the broth, and bowls that were whipped up in 10 minutes flat using pho cubes from 99 Ranch and enjoyed them equally.   Essentially I'm starting this review by telling you my tastebuds might be pho-tarded.    As such, my driving force on whether or not I really enjoy a pho joint is cleanliness.   Pho So 1 I had always heard was one of the best bowls in Vegas, and I did enjoy it a hell of a lot, but the 5th hand smoke lingering in the air since presumably the days of Mad Men and the fact that I feel the need to sanitize my hands every 5 minutes I'm in there bring it down a notch.   If I'm in Vietnam or when I've visited Hong Kong and Taiwan, I'm very much willing to put these things aside for the pleasures of great food, but when I can get a bowl of Pho down the street at a cleaner place and with my lack of Pho-sensibilities, I go clean over dirty any time.  Enter Pho Sing Sing:   very clean, doesnt reek of smoke, and serves a bowl of broth with noodles, beef, and other things I've never really known what they were, plus they provide sauces and the typical bean sprout/jalapeno fixings I require.   That's all I need really for a pleasant Phoxperience.   Everything tasted great, but unfortunately as I said before I couldn't really distinguish it over many other Pho bowls I've had.  Pho is just delicious, period.    They do the "stack of spoons" and "shared chopstick" method of utensil delivery which I'm not a fan of (though everything seemed clean), and service was very friendly but a little shaky.   I ordered the combination as I'd said and my friend ordered the Pho Tai, and when the server brought mine out he put it in front of my friend.   I told him I ordered the combo, and he looked at the bowl he brought out and said "yours is coming next".    3 minutes later the Pho Tai came out and we had to switch them.   To be fair the tendon and other discerning characteristics of the combo pho were somewhat hidden, but I still found that a bit sloppy.  Tighten that up and they'll be well on their way to 5 stars!
5 We recently moved to Las Vegas and once again started our search for the best Pho.  I must say we have been very disappointed with the pho places we have tried. I have been selecting based on Yelp reviews and some have had decent pho such as Pho So 1 but fall short with the horrible service.   Pho Sing Sing hit on all cylinders. Nice clean place with a good atmosphere and very welcoming upon entry. The service was great and they didn't disappear to never be seen after delivering the food. But the most important thing is the Pho. It was easily the best I have had in a long time.   The broth really stood out as broth that was made with care. The meat in the broth was all so tender and of high quality.   I was surprised to find they were only open 7 months so if you haven't tried Pho Sing Sing you should
5 Really nice and clean place. The pho is even better than Pho so 1 and I think I can comfortably say that this restaurant may have the best pho in Las Vegas.   The special lemonade was too acidic for my taste but the mocha with coffee jelly is delicious!
1 I'll keep this short and simple, I visited this restaurant twice.   First time, I thought the food was just ok, so therefore satisfactory.   On my second visit, I ordered food to go.  One of the dishes was a $13 catfish dish, the other was a $13 shrimp dish.  When I got home, I noticed both of the relatively small containers were less then half filled. I thought could this have been a mistake? But I doubt it because it happened to both dishes.   Anyhow, I found 3 small slices of catfish wrapped in foil, barely enough to fill 1/3 of the container... My guess is I got about maybe 4 oz of catfish for $13.  NOT COOL!!!  Same goes for the shrimp dish.   Anyhow, I posted pictures for proof.  Avoid the take out.
5 Really good food and surprisingly warm customer service for a Viet place.   They had fresh coconut juice in the actual coconut! And a selection of other drinks like the avocado smoothie... If I didn't have a limit to my stomach, I woulda kept ordering.
5 This is definitely good eats!!!  Best Bun Bo Hue I had compared to other bland one like Hue Thai & some other Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  I tried mocha with grass jelly per owner' s recommendation and I loved it!!!
5 like the 5 stars say this is good as it gets in Las Vegas best pho #1soup in town best flavor and you get service with a smile which is very rare for Vietnamese restaurant.. and you guys can trust me I am a local show my name is Rich f.. and I have tried every for restaurant in town this place humiliates pho kim long on pho
3 In search for the best Pho Tai in town!  After a strong recommendation from a friend, I decided to give Sing Sing a shot :)  Pho Tai ($7.95): Rare Steak Noodle Soup. SOLID bowl! Good mix of fresh, crisp, and oily broth. The noodles are a bit thinner and taste softer/fresher than most others. The steak itself cooks super fast in the broth but remains tender/flavorful.  The broth itself is a little more subtle than my favorites in town, but it is a very good bowl and worth a try!  Also tried the Thit Nuong ($3 on menu but actually $5). Very good grilled pork, cooked perfectly with crispy edges and 100% edible, non-chewy fat. Only thing I can complain about is the price...they say $3 on the menu but charged me $5. Not a huge deal to me, but this could be a problem for others. Also, at $5, this would be the MOST expensive side of grilled pork I've ordered in a Vietnamese restaurant.  Also, I was given incorrect change (even at the higher price).  Obviously it could be an honest mistake, but I am put on edge after the last minute adjustment to the price of the food as well.    Just keep it in mind when you drop your check.
5 Love this place! 2nd time here in one week and both times satisfied my cravings. First I tried the banh canh (#22), then I tried the bun bo hue (#28? I forget). Both of these soups were flavorful and delish! Haven't found a place better than Pho Sing Sing for these soups so I will def be back! Plus customer service is great (which is usually not apparent in most Asian restaurants).
3 Replaced an old pho restaurant that was a favorite for a lot of viet families..   Came here on X'mas day for lunch. Pretty busy. Lots of canto people, surprisingly.   Service was quick. Food came out fairly quick. Tea is given in a pot, like a normal chinese restaurant. A lot of viet places tend to give tea in a tall plastic cup.   I had ordered the combination pho. Broth was normal? Nothing too msg filled or flavorless. Fairly good amount of toppings and meat. Think more tendon is given here compared to other pho restaurants.   Not a bad place. Would like to try their other stuff one day.
5 Very good. Bright clean friendly place. Eclectic mix of tunes playing in the background.  I had the grilled chicken, pork, and egg roll bun. There was an awesome tangy chile sauce on the table and they make their own fresh.  Also they have a huge boba bar with all fresh fruits, veg, etc.  One of the owners checked on us twice and then came over and chatted with us when we were done.  Will def come back.
5 The Pho Tai here is awesome! The restaurant is very clean and the staff very friendly and attentive. They take cash only so come prepared. Also had the egg rolls which were very tasty!
5 Best customer service here. She took the time to explain the menu to me and everything. Best part was that I wanted to take a drink to go and she asked if I had ice at home/when I planned on drinking it because she didn't want my drink to get diluted too much. She ended up giving me a separate container of shaved ice bc I just moved in with questionable ice supply. Food was delicious, I had pho. Soup had great flavor, will be back.
5 Canh chua ca and ca' kho to...so good. ..love this place...bun man is good too...bun cha ha noi....yummy. ..yummy
1 Wow, this place was really disappointing. The service was very pushy, the pho was in the bottom 5 of all Vietnamese restaurants I have ever been to. The bun Bo hue was terrible and the cha Gia was very skinny and stale. Truly a waste of $. I will stick with Pho So 1 when in Las Vegas.
5 The best Pho soup we have had!!! People are very nice and friendly. Delicious fresh fruit smoothies. Awesome chicken wings!!!!!! Everybody who reads this must go to this place. Very delicious!!!
4 Delicious bowl of pho! Very tender beef in the Pho Tái - actually surprisingly tender. Perfect amount of fat in the beef cut I guess! Jalapeños were a little weak, maybe they should upgrade to serranos? Nice broth - not salty. Asked for extra vegetables, and it was worth the extra $1: broccoli, orange bell pepper, bok choy and carrots were all included.  A sign on their drink cooler says $15 credit card minimum, but when I tried using a card the hostess said they use Square and her "phone is completely cracked" - whatever *that* means. Cash it is then?  Enjoyed it a lot. Come here if all you want is a bowl of pho with not much atmosphere. The mirrors on the walls actually kind of freak me out. Keep your eyes on your food and you'll be OK.
3 Decent by far not the best. The vermicelli noodles were undercooked. If you order the brisket pho you will only get three thin slices  in your bowl. But it did hit the spot after all night of drinking.
2 I came here after researching the yelp reviews. As I am on low carb diet, I asked for pho but without noodles, only meat and vegetables. This has never been a problem before, in California or in Vegas. The lady, who I assume was the owner, made a huge fuss about it, and wanted to charge me extra for it. Every other place, and I have been to a lot of Pho restaurants, has easily done pho without noodles, and given me extra veggies at no additional cost. After a lot of discussion, she agreed to get me the noodle-less soup. The broth was decent, a bit too much cinnamon for my taste. The meat was sparse, only veggies were onion and cilantro. Rest assured I shall not come back or recommend this place to anyone. And after years of reading Yelp reviews, I finally joined as a reviewer to debunk misleading glowing reviews and give props to places that actually deserve it!
3 Just a review for late-night boba. Visited the 168 Market nearby and popped in around 9PM for drinks. Heads up about the $15 card minimum, ouch!  The two of us ordered 3 drinks, taking the third to a homebound friend on our way home- we marveled at how different and great each drink was! Opted for a taste of the traditional with the milk tea boba, the healthy with the super creamy avocado smoothie boba, and the downright weird with a grape smoothie boba, which was really more like a slushy but with an actual grape taste instead of that fake-kids-medicine flavoring I was initially expecting.  Service was a bit on the slow side, but they are a full service restaurant and they did have a group dining in for dinner, so perhaps it was just a timing issue, but the lady who helped us was very polite.
5 This is the best place to get fresh fruit smoothies that are made with whole fruit.  The pho here is made with a delicious broth which is flavorful and delicious.  The restaurant is clean and the ladies here are friendly. This restaurant is highly recommended.
1 Pho sing sing was such a waste of my time. I should have known from the time I stepped foot in the door.i asked the waitress if the chicken wings were spicy and she said she can make them without sauce for the kids since they can't handle spicy. Her suggestion..so I say yes. Plain wings no sauce. Awesome. Chicken wings come out full of sauce and she says don't worry. Sauce no spicy. I taste first.lady is a liar! Ok. I  say. Instead of taking it back and making her make fix her mistake. I tell her we will keep it and just make another order for the kids.next batch comes out decent. Next we order ca kho tho and canh chua. She asked if we wanted to add meat to our ca kho tho.ok sure. Why not. Another one of her suggestions... fish comes out and there's no meat. Not a single one. I ask her and she says. "Oh. Well just eat it like that. We can't put meat in it now."if you are suggesting all these things, why can't you get thw order right.? Ok. Time to pay and we ask for the check. The lady says ok be right there. She proceeds to the counter totals us up. Then yells across the room and says you come here pay.wtf? Food was just ok for all the bad service here. Never again.
4 I am here with my family very often. We always get their shakes with boba which is made with fresh fruits. Avocado and Taro are our favorite flavors. Spicy beef satay is very good and warming in winter months. I suggest you order it with rice noodles instead of egg noodles. Their pho broth is very flavorful. If you want something lighter, order their egg roll vermicelli, it is like a noodle salad. Only bad thing is that they don't take credit cards they only take cash
4 yay, a vancouverite can relate to them, as they opened a new one in Vancouver, BC a few months ago.  Kudos for family restaurants that spread their wings internationally.
4 We went here because we've been here before, I think.  This is in a typical Asian strip mall in Chinatown, Las Vegas.  The food was decent and caters towards Asians.  I ordered a Beef Tendon Pho dish (I think #13), my husband ordered a pork dish with rice (#30) and my daughter ordered a vermicelli noodles with pork and egg roll (#24, I think).    We also ordered a black jelly mocha drink, an order of egg rolls, and spring rolls to go.  The food was alright.  My beef tendon pho tasted a little different than I'm used to, like it has some lemongrass.  It wasn't too bad though.  The egg rolls looked different than what we're used to, like they had acne.  But we were told that is the authentic egg rolls and they were gluten free.  The food was attractive, colorful.  We didn't know they didn't know they only accepted cash, no debit or credit cards.  So we had got a $3 charge to go get some cash.    The service was good.  Blake was our server and he gave us better service than I would have expected from an Asian person.
