5 At first I was a little saddened to learn that my former mechanic had up and sold the business at the drop of a hat.  BUT, I am pleased to report that Wilhelm (who's now at my mechanics old location) are a great group to work with.    From Devin and Jim at the front counter to the one mechanic that I've met.  They are all extremely friendly.    The first time I stopped in, it was just to swing by to see why my mechanics weren't answering the line.  That's when I found out the business had been sold.  Devin and Jim said that they'd be glad to have a look at what was wrong with The Beast.  I told them that I was having Fuel Pump issues and that just the month prior, the old shop couldn't get my extended warranty to cover it.  I explained what was happening and they said I could set up an appointment and have it looked at.    Well I wasn't able to get back in until almost 3 or so weeks later.  I called ahead of time and believe it or not, but Devin remembered me and the issue that was happening with The Beast.  I setup an appointment for the following morning.    I drop of The Beast at 7:30 and am given a ride back to the house (where I grab the car - J was driving my old pickup cause he knew I'd need the car).  I expect them to have the car for at least a day or two.  Much to my surprise, I receive a call a couple hours later stating that the warranty company approved the work order and that the part was being delivered.  I'd have The Beast back by that afternoon.  CRAZY!  They also looked at the window regulator, which the warranty company wouldn't cover for some reason, and did a LOF.  I told Devin that I'd be at the house by 4pm and he arranged for me to be picked up again.    Fast and Friendly Service.  Gotta Love It!
5 These people will have all of our business as long as we own cars! We have never encountered a place with such honesty and integrity. They are very friendly, respectful, and helpful with explanations and options. The place is very clean and quiet, or they will give you a ride home. Open on Saturdays and offer discount coupons, too. Five stars for sure!
5 I have worked on my own cars for years doing basic repair. When a check engine light comes on there is only so much one can do before heading to a shop. This was my first time at this shop as they have just taken over the location.  I found the people and the shop to be very fair and responsive. This is my first response ever on Yelp, I wanted to take the time as I am that pleased with their service.. Tom H.
5 Fantastic service, friendly staff, reasonable prices, always available and very organized. Other car places will tell you that your flux capacitor is on the fritz or in order to reverse the polarity of the neutron flow, we'll need to do all this that and the other and it'll cost a small fortune. No funny business here. I am blessed with a good quality service across the street from my home. Thanks Wilhelm Automotive.  PS. Free WIFI while you wait, transportation, coffee, two convenient stores next door and a tasty pizza place across the street. First review ever and this place deserves it. Thanks
5 These guys are great! Very accommodating and helpful.  Being a single woman who does not know a lot about cars, I am always concerned that auto shops will take advantage of me, and it has happened in the past . Not here! They are honest, with a great deal of integrity. My car was fine, and they told me so! Pretty impressive...no up selling. Three extra bonuses: Shop is comfortable and immaculate Free coffee and WIFI They are animal lovers and support rescues and animal shelters!
5 Great customer service! I dealt mainly with Mike at the Thomas and 52nd Street location. He honestly cared and took care of any problems we ran into. My car was towed to their shop, they ran a diagnostic promptly the next morning and called me at work like they said they would. Mike gave me some options, like getting a used motor at a junk yard or selling my car and buying a new one..he knew one of my concerns was being a single female and not wanting to get "screwed" over. He was more like a friend than anything. He was patient with me and let me keep my car with a blown motor at their shop until I could figure out what I was going to do. I ended up selling it and Mike gave me much needed info on the title and stuff that I had no clue about in regards to selling my car to a private seller. When I met someone at the shop to let him look at my car (because he was going to buy it), Mike asked me if I felt comfortable showing my car, if not, he'd go outside with me and talk to the potential buyer. He was WONDERFUL, hands down. He even let me hop on the computer to print a document that I needed in order to sell my car. Mike offered me a discount because I had a bill from the work they had to put into my car to see if the motor was even blown. Having found out my motor was blown, I was totally bummed that I owed about $700 and the car was not running. Luckily, Mike worked with me, dropped the price way down to give me a break PLUS, I didn't have to pay him right away. I paid the bill off when I met the guy at Mike's shop to sell my car. Probably the most trustworthy and reliable mechanic I've been too. AND I was referred here as well because of their customer service and no bullshit work ethic. :)
5 Wonderful service. Fixed my car extremely fast and reasonable prices. Even gave me a bit of a discount just because! Very happy with this little auto shop down the road.
5 awesome service.  they fixed my tires, carb and fuel pump as I required.  they also found I had a leaky master brake cylinder and told me about it and I told them to please replace that as well.  Here is where it gets great.  They were not able to find a replacement so they contacted a shop that refurbished the original part.  that was way above and beyond and service I've ever received at other shops.  great job fellas!!!
5 What a great shop!!!!!  I dealt with both Mike S. and Mike V.  These guys are as honest and accommodating as they come.  They fixed up my truck, gave me info on future work to consider and best of all, this business won't give you the runaround or try to push extra, unnecessary work on you. Everything is done an a very timely manner.   There is a great group of knowledgeable and efficient mechanics.  I hope they stay here FOREVER because this is where I will have all future work (big and small) done.  Thanks guys!!!
