4 1900 Asian Cuisine is the newest Chinese restaurant to open up at the former Kung Fu Chef site, offering traditional Chinese breakfast, "dim sum" and Szechuan, Shanghainese, and Taiwanese cuisine.  It is in the same plaza as Bazic, Old SF Market, and Shuseki.  They have only been opened since Tuesday (June 4, 2013), so spanking new they still don't have traditional menus printed up yet (currently utilizing single sided print outs stapled together).  But the staff all sport matching black or white shirts with the restaurant name printed on it.  At the time I dropped by at around 8:30pm on a Sunday, the restaurant was still not too busy.  After reviewing the menu, asked for recommendations and finally decided on Cumin Lamb, I kept myself busy with a game on my phone, while doing some eavesdropping.  Plus the insightful observation (duplicate check printout) that I made and verbal confirmation from the waitress, I learned that this new business is actually another restaurant venture by the owner of Three Village Restaurant, which has their original location just one floor up.  They also hired a chef direct from China, so they could offer up quality authentic Chinese food.  The food came out fairly quickly and it looked good.  Tasted great too. The only less than position impression was the haphazard way the steamed rice was served in a small bowl with rice all over the upper edges of the small bowl (they charge $0.50 for each bowl of rice).  I guess they just don't want to potentially waste rice on someone that only ordered one entree.  Of course one entree was not enough, and I ended up getting their Walnut Shrimp.  The portions is good, the shrimp was deep fried in a not too thick batter, just long enough that it was cooked without turning the crustacean into a rubbery exercise equipment for your jaw.  Overall the dinner menu is decent, but compared to what they offered during lunch (up to 5pm) it looks plain.  The patrons at nearby tables that arrived after me all asked about dim sum items, but all were told it was not available during dinner.  That's too bad, I would have ordered way more items if the kitchen could accommodate such request.  I hope they will take a cue from customers and at least offer some of dim sum items during dinner.  For breakfast (7-11am) they offer a small selection of traditional Chinese breakfast items (porridge, soy milk, etc.).  If I stay out really late or feeling extra motivated in the morning, I might check that out.  During their grand opening phase, they offer 15% discount to customers with local ID (or if you just look loco).  So if you are unsure, check them out with this little monetary carrot stick.  If you are not sure of what to get, then order their Cumin Lamb!  Taste:  3.5/5  Only tried a few dinner items thus far, some are really good some just OK.  I think the gems will be from the lunch menu.  Price/Value: 3.5/5  Not going to find cheap food at low low prices here. You pay for quality here.  Service:  3.5/5  Needs improvement in some areas, but they were nice and professional.  They are open late!!!  Mon-Thurs 2:30am  and Fri-Sat 3:30am   3.5 stars  * Men's room could be cleaned up better, the trash was on the floor.  ** This will be a good site for UYEs, so we can have a larger group to try out more of their menu in one go.  *** Does not accept American Express, Iraqi Dinars, but may consider renminbi (RMB).
3 1900 Asian Cuisine may also be referred to as "The Restaurant Formerly Known As Three Village".  They're located downstairs directly below the former.  The new location is a bit nicer with deep red/black colors and booths along the side.  I asked to sit in the booth, but I was declined despite the fact that we were 1 of 2 parties in the restaurant.  If you were familiar with 3V, you'll recognize some of the wait staff as you enter.  Right now they're offering a 15% locals discount, so if you're new make sure to ask.  If they remember you they'll go ahead and automatically apply the discount.    They hired a new chef, and maybe I'm crazy but the XLB don't taste quite as good as they used to.  3V used to pump out crave worthy morsels of juicy pork, but the XLB I tasted yesterday was nothing to get all hot and bothered about.  Their hours are extended from 7am - 2:30am, and 3:30 am on Fri/Sat.   They now have a separate dinner menu that starts at 5pm, which means many items are no longer offered in the evening.
2 Although my rating might not be glowing, I do plan to come back in a few months...potential is there.   We wanted dim sum and sadly we were misinformed. It said dim sum in yelp and it said dim sum on the door. It was too early for our usual places so we decided to give this place a try.  We walked in and the place was empty, there weren't any other patrons (not a big deal), but there were also no carts, no sweet ladies pushing anything....there was no dim sum. I figured- this place was new and maybe they were holding off on the carts and just cooking it all made-to-order.  The Good : I liked the shrimp shumai. They looked like roses and tasted pretty good. My husband liked their fried bread. He said if he had some honey it would have been perfect. Also, they have a 15% discount for their introductory period. Ok, that's it for the good.  The Not-So-Good : The service was just okay and the some of the food took a little too long to come out (we were the only people there). The ham and egg pancake was just an odd mix of flavors. The pork dumplings and the shrimp dumplings were extremely watery... and just oily for some reason. I couldn't eat mine and there were 9 per order (again... why call this dim sum?!). They didn't have our usual dim sum favorites (steam pork buns, hai gow, etc) and the prices were not dim sum-y. SO obviously what I am trying to say here is --- this is not dim sum. A couple actually sat in, looked at the menu and left.... which we should have done considering our craving.  It might take some convincing but I think we will wait a few months for some of the kinks to work themselves out and revisit.
4 A couple of friends and I came in a few weeks ago and we were generally happy with our meal. So much so, we came back the next day with a larger group. I cannot say that I know much about traditional anything. Being raised Chinese/Vietnamese had me thoroughly confused on why my mom and dad's cooking is so different than any restaurants we ate at. To this day, I am unsure of what is authentic and what isn't. I cannot vouch for 1900, but I can definitely say that it is some good food.  The first night we came; we ordered the pork belly with preserved vegetables, spicy eggplant, garlic wings, a whole steamed fish, and the house special noodles. The pork and wings were so good that we ordered it again the next day. The eggplant was my favorite dish and I could have polished that off on my own, would have ordered it again, but we were instructed to order the other eggplant dish. The fish was good, too. To my dismay, we ordered the noodles again the next day as well. I just didn't touch them. They were bland and could have used more vegetables.  In the end, we all left stuffed and it was dirt cheap. I hope they last longer than the previous tenants.
4 Stop #1 of our Chinatown Crawl.....  We stopped in for a late night bite and decided to check it out. we were a pretty big party, and there was barely anyone inside. It was pretty weak on their part that they didn't allow us to put tables together. It was either "that table" or "that booth in the corner"...sad, but whatevs....  The menu looked like someone's typewritten homework that was kinda crumpled up, and there were tons of items to choose from with no pictures, but I'm no expert on Szechuan/Shanghainese/Taiwanese Cuisine, Otherwise I'd have to order items and use the force like Luke Skywalker which would have ended up in a complete disaster and thank goodness we were fortunate to dine with Tony T, Christina W. and Team Snow Shavery to help us navigate our choices. WHEW!  From what I remember, all the food we had was good. We had the stir fried House Special Noodles, Pork Belly with Preserved Vegetables, Stir Fried Eggplant, Garlic Chicken Wings, Cucumber Salad, and Batter Fried Fish. Standouts for me were the wings and Eggplant. Overall, a great first visit, and looking forward to trying other stuff...ALOHA!!!
5 I've never been a fan of Chinese/Shanghai/Taiwanese food until I started eating at Three Village. Unfortunately, the restaurant most famous for their soup dumplings has relocated downstairs into a larger area inside the same plaza. Now called 1900 Asian Cuisine, the owner (Jimmy) still run things while maintaining most of the same beloved items on the menu.  The hours of operations has extended. Starting dim sum from 7am to 5pm with the dinner menu following afterward, the menu is pretty extensive offering a wide array of different dishes to best satisfy your Chinese cravings. I've gone to Three Village a handful of times before visiting this new place and have enjoyed EVERYTHING that was set on my table. Having my boyfriend become really good friends with the owner after becoming regulars of the place, Jimmy was kind enough to offer his recommendations during every visit.  To be honest, I only glimpse through the entire menu once before realizing that I should just go with whatever Jimmy recommends. And what he recommends, we always end up ordering with no feelings of regret, EVER. Yeah, the menu is a bit boring since it's just typed in Times New Roman onto standard white pieces of papers stapled together but whatever. The food absolutely makes up for the "visually unappealing" look of the menu.  I'm ashamed to not know the official names of the dishes that always brings us back. But honestly, order something you intentionally went in to order. I'm 100% sure your cravings will be fulfilled if you let Jimmy know exactly what you want. Don't bother with the waitresses. If you ask them if the owner is able to come around to recommend some dishes based on what you're craving for, most likely he'll be able to accommodate you right on the money.  Yes, this restaurant is a working process but like all new restaurants, it's the trial and error period. Give this place a chance, or time, to gradually grow into something I know will be a success. Things can only look better for this place and I'm sure it'll do great, with my review or not.
4 Me n my friend wanted to go to 3 villages. Then found out they relocated downstairs . Now its named 1900 asian cuisine, i wonder what 1900 means....The food is good but they don't have my favor steam buns!! 3 villages Menu and food still a little better , even they have the same chef!!!
3 Another mediocre one.  Walked in here on a NOT busy Friday morning, expecting Dim Sum. Took us 15 minutes to get seated and they just totally ignored us when we first walked in. I already knew, downhill from here.  We sat down, and they give us paper menus... Wtffff????! Paper menus?! ONLY DIM SUM good there is Xiao Long Bao.  We ordered noodles and two Xiao long bao. The noodles were delicious, and Xiao long bao... Oh dear lorrddddd juice heaven. But the food took way too long. Only two guys were working, I understand but they could have handled things more professionally.   Maybe in time this place will get better. Service horrible, food is good.
4 I've only been here once for breakfast, and I have to say I'm a fan! I'm a big fan of Chinese breakfast.  After visiting Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli   a few times, I was about to give up on the idea of good Chinese breakfast in Vegas.  Thanks to 1900 Asian Cuisine's extensive breakfast menu, I've found my new favorites.  The food was tasty but still couldn't compare to the stuff in LA.  Overall I'm just happy to see the new progress on Vegas Chinese Breakfast!  Beef Roll--Good stuff!!!  It's probably the best I've had in Vegas.  The wrap really stood out with the perfect amount of crisp.  Wonton Soup--Very good wontons with quality meat, however, the broth is somewhat blend and definitely needs some work.  Chinese Donut--large size just like every other restaurant.  It's a little too doughy.  I'd like it to be crispier.  Juicy Pork Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)--Hands down the best I've had in Vegas.
4 Since starting my health food craze on the weekdays....I find great joy in fatty, greasy food on the weekends.  This place has the same delicious shanghai style fried noodles and beef wrap as the former Three Village.  The beef wrap is still my favorite in the city with a nice crispy exterior.  We also ordered the pepper beef on a sizzling plate....salty, sweet, peppery...the perfect myriad of flavors.  While non-Asians may not understand...I like my beef silky smooth and tender when it comes to Chinese beef dishes and the beef here almost melts in your mouth from the tenderness.  Some of the problems people previously mentioned have been changed...there is now a laminated, picture menu for those not versed in broken English descriptions of dishes. While the paper copy still exists, at least they give you one nice menu and one ghetto one.  Please note prices are lower on the ghetto menu....not sure if they are trying to re-price their menu items, but we did indeed receive the lower prices ($1-2 lower for some dishes).  Pretty cheap eat now that they've dropped their prices to match the portion size.  One negative is the dishes are too oily even for my liking.  Nice modern interior with some booth seating for larger parties, but they did offer us a booth even though we were just a table for two.  This restaurant will definitely be on my rotation of frequent eats.
4 I had seen this place while driving by and finally, on a whim, decided to stop in for lunch and give the food a taste. I ordered a little bit of everything. The pork belly with preserved vegetables, pot stickers, juicy pork dumplings, garlic chicken, cold duck, beef roll, garlic spinach, shanghai rice cake, and beef noodle soup. EVERYTHING tasted fantastic and was very reminiscent of the food I got back home in good ol' Arcadia/Alhambra/Temple City/Monterey Park area. The service was a little bit slow, but the staff was very friendly and apologetic about it. They gave me 15% because it was during their grand opening period. I have heard good things about their breakfast and plan to go back soon.
5 My new favorite Asian restaurant (next to Shaanxi)!  Delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices make this a go-to place. In fact I can't want to go back.  The pork dumplings were spectacular; the beef roll was as good as China Mama; even something as basic as fried noodles seemed better than the usual.  And then there's the walnut shrimp....man, I'm craving that dish as I write this. Go there now and order it...I mean right now...don't waste a minute...whatever you're doing at the moment isn't as important as eating this dish, believe me!   (Note: I was there with a fellow wine-collector, and the restaurant was fine with us opening our two bottles of wine to accompany the great food...and that's one more reason to keep going back. I love wine-friendly establishments!)
5 The hours posted on yelp are wrong. They open at 9 a.m., and closes at 1 a.m for weekdays and 2 a.m for weekends.   Otherwise, the most authentic shanghainese dim sum in the valley
3 I seem to associate the word 1900 with grandeur and epicness (it is in the urban dictionary), but maybe I just set myself up with high expectations.  Although the food is good, we would probably keep shopping for other Chinese spots.  The place is a little edgy with its high black ceilings and pinks walls, but the service is warm and inviting.  They have fresh fruit juices, which I love, and the tables and booths have wide spaces between them.  No crowding in this joint.  Hubby controlled the menu selection and (quite unfortunately) we ended up with all pork dishes.  It was my first time to try Xiao Long Bao.  The broth inside the dumplings was quite tasty but I didn't care for the filling much.  The Braised Pork Belly was good, but I felt the vegetables underneath were leftover scraps, hehe.  It would've been nice to have some texture or flavor to contrast the fatty richness of the soy pork belly.  And finally we had the Garlic Spare Ribs.  We felt they lacked garlic and spices but the upside is that there was definitely a lot more meat than flour on those bones.  I kinda missed having a little crunch though.     We were the only non-Chinese peeps that night, I always take that as a good sign.  When I went on a tour in China, I noticed the cuisine up north was more subdued in flavor and spices.  This cuisine would definitely fall in that category - perfect for people new to Chinese food or allergic to salt.  I'd be more of a Southern gal (in China).  More soy and pepper please.
2 Bought a Groupon today, which seemed like I would come in handy when our show on the strip ended at 11:30. 2 apps, 2 soups, 2 entrees, 2 fried rice and 2 dessert for $25?? Yesssss!!! Actually, notsomuch.   Apparently the "Groupon menu isn't ready yet".... So instead, she pulled up their Facebook page on her phone and had us order from that special menu instead. Um. Hi. Quick tip- if you put out coupons on special menus, you might want to a) actually have those menus and b) acknowledge somewhere on the offer that you're ordering from a special menu.   The selections for the menu sucked. 1st course was this weird shredded potato thing... Best described as raw but slightly warm hash browns mixed with Thai red chili sauce. Bizarre. Then, while we're eating that, she brings out our soup. I forget what they call it but it was basically bland egg flower, apparently with some affiliation with beef.   After a few bites of my soup, she brings out my black pepper chicken (meh). No rice. 10 minutes later she brings out my partner's pineapple chicken (meh) AND her rice. Waited another 10 minutes for mine. When I got it, it was greasy, mushy and bland. We asked for to go boxes before we even had desert.   Our one option for dessert was "green tea mochi". I love mochi, but the gf isn't a fan. She doesn't mind taking off the outside and eating the middle though. Except these were not so good. They were small (the size of a quarter machine gumball) and filled with red bean. The filling was more like whipped cream and ricotta than ice cream or sherbet and, of course, had whole red beans.   TL;DR: Boring, bland, awkward and SO not worth the $25 Groupon.  We're gonna keep looking for a decent Chinese place.
3 The food was just ok, but the service was really friendly and attentive, which almost made me bump them up to four stars, almost.   I arrived with Groupon in hand they gave us a small menu instead of the main menu that we were to order from. We started with the Xiao Long Bao. They weren't the best I've ever had, but I had been craving them and was happy to have another place in town that offers them. We also tried some hot & sour soup and strawberry juice to start. Both were refreshing. For our entrees, we ordered the sautéed black pepper eggplant, honey walnut shrimp and pineapple chicken. I didn't like the pineapple chicken in the least, but my mom enjoyed it. The shrimp was just ok as well. Too mayonnaisey for my taste. The eggplant was ok as well. Sizzling and smelled great. I would probably order a protein next time instead, but it had a nice flavor. The mixed seafood noodles we got were just ok as well. The flavor was ok, but the noodle texture were a little off. They were all stuck together and a little overcooked.   Overall, the food was pretty solid and I enjoyed some dishes more than others. I'm open to trying this place again and I see potential since they have a very extensive menu. For now, I'll leave it at three stars.
3 I got sick eating here, but this may have been an outlier visit and this restaurant is so unlike other dim sum restaurants (no wait, clean, good service), that I may consider coming again.  _____________________ Food Quality: 4 I've been here once. We had the xiao long bao, the green onion pancake, wontons in some hot oil (can't remember what it was specifically), and some red bean cakes. They were all pretty good. The green onion pancake stood out as being the best I'd had. We paid $23 for all four items, which is about what I'd expect for a nice restaurant. +1 good food.  What I'd get here: the green onion pancake, and the xiao long bao. _____________________ Service Quality: 6 The service was attentive, friendly, and fast. They staggered our meal (I believe intentionality) so it came off as a four-course meal. When we finished with one dish the next was immediately on the table. This restaurant is completely unlike any other dim sum place I know of in San Diego or Los Angeles. When describing those other places, it usually goes: "their X is so great that it makes me over look Y", where Y is something like "their 2 hour wait," or, "they're assholes." This is genuinely a nice restaurant to dine in. We walked right in on a Saturday at 1PM and there was no wait for a table. +1 friendly. +1 attentive. +1 food was delivered promptly. Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: roughly 10 minutes. _____________________ Ambiance and Location: 3 This restaurant is located that very cliche blue roofed strip mall on Spring Mountain, which is in general uninviting. However, the interior is completely the opposite. It's nice and decorated like a contemporary Asian joint.  +0 inside point gain negated by bad location. It would be a good idea to take a _____ here: a date that liked dim sum. _____________________ Cleanliness: 1 The restroom was clean, and the tables were clean. From my rant earlier about the service quality of my favorite dim sum restaurants, I normally have to make concessions about the cleanliness of the restaurant I'm in. It appears clean. However, my girlfriend and I got sick immediately after eating here. After doing some research on the official Southern Nevada Health District web site, this restaurant had been closed briefly last month (8/27/13) for health code violations. Despite this, I might try eating here again (based on the comments earlier in the review). -2 got sick. Worst health code rating: was closed down on 8/27/13.  Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(3.5) = 3
5 Beautiful decoration, and I loved the food. 10/10 will recommend!
5 This place really took me by surprise.  I wasn't sure what to expect as they had quite an array of Chinese dishes but when I found out the owner is Taiwanese, I decided to stick with the Taiwanese offering.  The FIVE STAR rating is for their Xiao Long Bao alone...the best in Las Vegas, or should I say, the only good Xiao Long Bao is Las Vegas.  I know, I know, Xiao Long Bao is NOT Taiwanese but rather Shanghainese, but the Taiwanese have really done a good job with these thanks to Din Tai Fung, a famous Xiao Long Bao restaurant out of Taiwan.  All the other restaurants save for one seem to buy their soup dumpling from the frozen section of the Asian supermarkets.  But here at 1900, you can tell they specialize in these little dumplings of soupy deliciousness.  Compared to the only other place I believe hand make these, the dumplings are very juicy and packed full of flavor.  I didn't even have to drown these with the ginger vinegar to get some taste out of them.  We also ordered the green onion pancake rolled with beef and the soup buns.  The first was pan fried just right, not burnt but just crispy enough to be crunchy on the outside yet bready, and most importantly, was not oily.  The soup bun was also nice and juicy as opposed to those who advertise it as soup buns and then disappoint you with hardly any soup at all.  In fact, on the second bun I ate, the juice squirted out much to the chagrin of my three eating companions.  Suffice it to say, they weren't too happy but we all had a good laugh when no real damage was done.  To fill up, we ordered the beef soup noodles and that was satisfying and did its job of filling us up.  The noodles were particularly well cooked, slippery yet firm enough without feeling like you're eating spaghetti al dente.  Overall a very pleasant dinner and I'm already planning on bringing my mom and family this coming weekend just to eat the Xiao Long Baos.  Maybe I'll venture to try the pork belly with preserved vegetables and the ham hock.  Can't wait...
5 I had take out quite a few times, but usually just small stuff. Very good food, regardless, but *nothing* like tonight! I dined in and tried a bunch of recommended dishes! The dim sum was the best part! The Xiao Long Bao was out of this world!  Everything is made so fresh and so perfect! I enjoyed every bit of it!
4 Food is good, should try their Lamb Hot Pot. However, their service is very very very slow, and foods are served in the wrong orders (entree before app) on several occasions. The table next to ours ordered after us, but got all food, we haven't gotten our app. Sitting in the restaurant, waiting still ......,,,,,, I'm giving it a 4 bc their food is good. You're welcome.
5 I would try every single thing on their menu! Food made me feel like I was in Asia (for example the steamed fish, so juicy and rich) and the waiters were just some really cool nice young guys who showed they really cared (for example while it was pretty busy they still let me sit at the huge table I wanted to sit at and were always watching for when my tea went low). I heard of this place because my mom was so shocked and feel in love with this place when she saw they made the extremely hard to find, in the U.S., dessert dish 酒釀湯圓! (It is so fresh that you have to eat it within the hour of having it made.)
3 Not loving this place, but the food was ok. I saw the value with the Groupon we had, but I don't think I'd return without a coupon or something to save us money on a return visit.
1 I usually never ever write reviews, but I had to share my horrible experience.   To start, the service was horrible. There was only one girl servicing 20+ people during dinner hours. I got there with 3 people and seated myself. I sat at the table 10 mins. The table did not have any silverware and I had to go grab it myself. When she came over, we asked if she was by herself and she said yea.   For dinner, I ordered the black pepper beef, black pepper egg plant, and the dumplings.  The dumplings was pretty good. I give it a 4/5. The egg plant was very oily. Not bad taste wise, but it was very oily. I give it a 2/5. Lastly, the beef was HORRIBLE. When I bit into the beef, the texture was something I've never experienced before. I don't even know how explain it because it was so weird. There was so much fat on the beef as well. Oh yah, when we asked for rice, they said they charged for rice by the bowl. I was shocked. You call yourself a Chinese restaurant and charge for rice? Speechless.   Lastly, once the food was brought out, we never saw our waitress again. I had to get the soy sauce, chili, and vinegar from the table that had just finished dining. I also never got my water and hot tea refill. At this point I know that we will never get the bill so  we had to go to up to the cash register to get our own bill. Just an overall miserable experience from the service to the food. I don't know how long this place will last.
1 We been there 2 time the food, the first time we had is ok. Except they put out our small steam bun to the table was cool and hard. The second time. We find out the place is not worth to try out for dinner.  We had the braised Tofu, it was the worse thing I ever had. The tofu is deep fire egg cube. The deep fire Tofu skin (which is deep fire egg cube) is very hard nothing taste like Tofu at all. We told to the waiter and request to cancel it and may be change for something else since we had the first bite. She went talk to her boss. She come back to told us the Tofu is their home-made Tofu. They make it by egg and soy milk. The boss won't cancel our order. I meant it was not our fault to cook the food hard to eat it.   I am warming you guys don't try this restaurant out for your life.
3 Funky loft style decor and large space welcomed us into the restaurant, but there are some serious pink walls.  We purchased the groupon ($25 for multicourse meal for 2) and were shown a menu to choose from plus we could pick desserts and appetizers from some of the main menu.  However, the restaurant was out of many items, some of which I would have liked to try.  We started with a pot of jasmine tea and navigated the extensive groupon menu to order a feast.  The servers were very nice throughout but service was slow considering a slow Saturday night crowd (it was relatively early too).  We started off with the cucumber and enoki salad and Eric R. got his xiao long bao that he seemed to enjoy a lot.  The salad was much more flavorful than I expected.  Next, the beef with broccoli (Eric's entree choice) came out -the beef quality was fine despite some reviews, and it tasted good.  The broccoli was steamed and circled the beef, so there was no sauce on it and it was not as hot - this did not bother me but Eric wished the broccoli was as hot as the beef.  My dish was the house made tofu with mixed mushrooms.  The server explained the tofu is made with soymilk and egg - it had a very nice airy texture and was served on top of a variety of mushrooms in a tasty sauce (mushrooms included black and trumpet).  Our soups came next and they were enough for like 3 small bowls!  I had hot and sour soup which was labeled seafood but there was none it; nevertheless I did not need seafood in it.  It was tasty but maybe could have used more vinegar.  Eric R. got the "Western Beef Lake Soup" which ended up being like egg drop with beef and tofu, and he liked it a lot - he saved some to take home too.  Next we got a our choice between cold noodle and seafood fried rice.  If anyone knows Eric, he hates cold noodles and doesn't get it (but I do, don't worry!) so we got the seafood fried rice.  It had shrimp and scallops in it and was very tasty.  We took most of that to go since it came out towards the end of the meal.  For dessert we got 2 orders of red bean xiao long bao to go because we were too full to eat them and I was too full to even go to Snowflake Shavery across the street!  The meal was covered by the groupon including the tea so we just left our tip and took our 5 to go containers with us!  We have been enjoying the leftovers as they are tasty.  I would probably return to try items on the regular menu, but I hope they are available when we go!
3 The Skinny: come for lunch - solid xiao long bao and green onion pancake but skip dinner as the dinner entrees pale in comparison(3) service is dependent on how many tables require service - more than 3, the lone server is really overwhelmed (2) price a bit pricey for what it is but the lunch offerings are better than the dinner. (3)  Okay - so we were lured in with the promise of xiao long bao and green onion pancakes so we came in for lunch.   We ordered the beef noodle soup, the xiao long bao, the enoki cucumber salad, the green onion pancake and a clay oven red bean cake.  Of note is the xiao long bao. Although the xiao long bao is certainly juicy and the skin is adequately thin, there isn't quite enough pork filling. As well,  the filling itself is slightly under seasoned. Overall, not the best XLB I have ever had but it might be one of the better renditions in the city.  The green onion pancake was okay - not quite flaky enough and slightly on the heavier side but crisp. The enoki/cucumber salad was also fair - perhaps a bit too sweet however it did cut through the heaviness of the other two dishes.  Red bean cake had a light flaky pastry very similar to wife cake or sweetheart cakes. I enjoyed it although it would have nicer with a bit more red bean filling and hint more sweetness.  The biggest disappointment during lunch was the beef noodle soup. I found the soup to be too bland, lacking the beef flavor and preserved vegetables. It was rather skimpy on the beef as well. The noodles themselves were alright but nothing special.   Curious, we ventured to try their dinner menu as many items are missing at lunch. We ordered the braised tofu clay pot with mixed mushrooms, the black bean eggplant, the braised pork Belly with preserved vegetables.   The best offering was the braised tofu.  Word to the wise - - the tofu used is egg tofu which has a different flavor.  The actual dish was okay nothing special but at least it was appropriately seasoned.   The eggplant was really disappointing. The eggplant was heavily battered and sauteed in a black bean sauce served over a hot iron skillet. The batter became rapidly soggy in the sauce, rendering an unpleasant experience.  Braised pork belly wasn't what it was expecting. It was covered with a heavy, goopy chilli? paste of which I wasn't really fond of. The texture of the pork belly was rough - not the typical melt in your mouth experience expected with a dish like this.  We waited a significant time between the pork belly and the dessert,. We ordered a red bean, mini rice ball filled with sesame dessert and it took at least 20 minutes before we got our dessert.At that time, at least 5 more tables showed up and our one waitress was definitely overwhelmed by the number of customers.  The red bean dessert was not what I expected. There was very little red bean in the there. It was mostly slightly floral/melon-ish flavoured soup with mini rice ball filled with sesame paste. It was okay but nothing that I would order again.  Overall, 1900 Asian cuisine is okay in my book. Go for the xiao long bao - everything else is ranges from okay to not so good. I really don't feel a compelling reason to return. 3-starred review.
3 What is 1900 doing? I've been here twice and both times have had me on highs and lows.  The absolute worst part of this place, to take away any surprises, is their service. I mean the person who comes to your table once every full moon. I know, I know, it's Chinatown. But still, this is especially bad. Only one person speaks English there, which really doesn't help.  Ok, I got the worst out of the way. Now, the best part of 1900: the prices for the food you get. The food is really not bad at all. Although highly inconsistent in quality and flavor. Both times I've had xiao long bao and a tofu and mushrooms dish. Both times they have been different. the XLB the first time was more flavorful and had a super thick dough. The second time, thin and no flavor at all. The tofu was braised and plentiful the first time, but fried and not so delicious the second time. What gives?  I do recommend their tofu and vegetable dishes, their fried pork buns, and (hard to mess this up) onion pancakes. It's all pretty fool-proof stuff.  After you get done sampling everything, your check will be much smaller than you anticipated. Not only that, you won't have to tip because you had no service. Super savings! Another benefit: they are open very late, so if you can't find a place open at 1am... here is your answer.
1 As a foodie who has been to numerous different restaurants all over Vegas, I must say that I have never experience a more horrible experience dining at a restaurant than 1900. This restaurant has the worst service ever! We went there on a slow Tuesday night. We ordered 5 different plates and with each plate coming out 15 minutes apart from each other to our table. The waitress never once even refilled our water as we had to go up to the counter to ask them to fill it up twice. When it was time to pay, we asked our server for the check and she never returned. Finally fed up with the service, I took it upon myself to pay at the counter where the lady at the counter just totally ignored me and made me wait while she talked to a co worker.  If 1900 could fix their service, this would be a great restaurant because the food was actually pretty good. You just simply cannot run a restaurant and just have good food and not care about your customers one bit.
1 AWFUL, and we didn't even stay to eat.. Had a Groupon,walked in no one greeted us or came by to seat us. I walked to the back and asked "Do I set myself" she said ya just sit. Most tables were dirty so we picked one that looked clean. After we sat down we asked the waitress if she could clean the table as it was all sticky,She apologized and said they were busy. NOTE there were three other tables sat at that time. I told the waitress we had a Groupon ,she said" We don't take those anymore" I asked her why not she said let me check. A different person came over to us and said ya Ill take it but you cant order from that menu, She took away the menus we were looking at and replaced them with one much smaller. The menu we were suppose to order from had two choices for appetizers and two choices for soups. Very limited. A few minutes later the waitress came back with the larger menu opened to the app page and said you can order any of these( there were seven options) she then proceeded to say except this this this and this. Out of the seven apps we could order, three were available. There was not a beef or chicken option in the bunch. She then told us that one of us could order the shrimp fried rice. I pointed out that the Groupon said we could both order it,she said no.After looking at my companion we made the decision not to stay. No one was friendly and no one cared if we stayed or left.. With about  90 Asian restaurants in a half mile area I'm pretty sure we could find another place to eat that would appreciate our money.
4 Formerly known as 3 Villages, this is where you can get Xiao Long Bao, other various Chinese Breakfast items, and a much more extended dinner menu.  Warning for those looking for good service, you will likely be waiting.  You will have to flag down the one waitress for water, tea, rice, etc.  We've gotten so use to it that it's now become amusing and it's easy to forgive the cute little waitress girl.  The best item i've recently discovered is their Lamb Hot Pot - it s about 10-11 dollars and is the best hot pot i've had in town.   Yes it is much better than Booming Mini.  The lamb hot pot is served with enoki mushrooms, tofu, and lots of chinese peppers.  It's got the perfect amount of heat - I recommend to get a little rice on the side to slurp up every drop of soup.  It is that good.    we've also ordered a steamed seabass which was less than 20 bucks - easily the best value for steamed fish i ve had on spring mtn.  Despite slow service, 1900 delivers.  The last few times we ve visited we were one of a few tables present so i hope 1900 stays around. Take my advice and get the lamb hotpot!
2 First off, I would've gave this place 4 stars because the food was fantastic.  Sadly, the service was not!  We sat ourselves and had to wave the waitress down for some waters.  Also waited 15 mins for our bill & she took so long to even pick up the bill that I, finally just walked up to cashier to pay.  I get that she's alone and it just opened but c'mon management...   Immediately ordered the soup dumplings (unsure of the Chinese name) because this is the only place my friends know of that has this. Got the steamed and pan fried ones.  When we got the steamed ones, I had to ask my friends how to even eat it if there's hot soup in the dumplings.  They said to eat/bite the top of the dumplings, let it steam out, and add the sauce.  That itself was really fun for me. I mean, who doesn't like playing with their food =)  The soup in the dumplings were delicious and savory. Tasted amazing with the dough! Pan fried/seared dumplings were my favorite of the two.  Also, ordered the onion pancake, I believe...I think that was the name.....? And THAT was sooooooo YUM. Crunchy and tasty, like sour cream and onion chips...if I had to compare it to something....  After this experience and bad service, we'd love to try more soup dumplings so, we yelped it... Found a couple places thru Yelp!  Otherwise, this place is our last resort because of the lacking service!
3 There are only a couple of places in Vegas you can get Xiao Long Bao this is one of them. I come strictly for the XLB. The other food is decent. Have had the fried rice, fried noodles, shrimp dishes and lamb. The lamb was terrific but the fried rice and fried noodles are too greasy and not as flavorful. The prices are decent. Like other reviews this place could easily get 4 stars but the service is horrible and its consistently horrible. Have been here a handful of times and its typically only 1 waitress and it doesn't matter if there are 1 or 5 tables full the wait staff is non engaged and often missing in action. You consistently have to flag down staff for water or tea refills and to even get your check. My recommendations to prep yourself for poor service.
4 I always say when it comes to Asian restaurants especially Chinese and Taiwanese - the crappier the service, the better the food. Tony T's ROTD reminded me to take this off my bookmarked places.  Xiao Long Bao: You get 9 baos for $7. I can't help but compare XLB I've had in Shanghai and Taipei to everyone else's version. I'm very happy to say that I've found my XLB spot here in Vegas! The bao had the perfect thickness, the soup inside was hot and delicious. Glowing and glistening 5/5  Fried Tofu with Mixed Mushrooms: Even though the tofu pieces were fried, they were soft. The mushrooms were tasty but they slide off your chopsticks. The brown sauce was good. 4/5  Beef Noodle Soup: Our server warned me this was spicy. I appreciate it when they do that but I had a cold anyway so, bring on the heat! I could taste cumin. My nose started running - I'm not sure if it was from the spiciness or my cold...or both. The beef chunks were fatty so I had to eat around it since I'm not a fan of animal fat. I had 2 pieces of bok choy and tender noodles in my bowl. 3.5/5  Pork Loin in Red Garlic Sauce: I didn't even know we ordered this. Shredded pork with red bell pepper strips. This reminded me of a thick and meatier version of Hot & Sour soup. 3.5/5  Steamed Shrimps in House Garlic Sauce: Head on, butterflied but not all shrimps got de-veined. But the sauce was fantastic! Nice and garlicky. One of the better ways I've had shrimp. 4.5/5  They have street food you'll find in China like frog legs, chicken organ meat on a stick, etc.There were items we wanted to try but they no longer serve them like: enoki mushroom beef roll, pork belly with preserved vegetable(s)They need to update their menu. Even our server said it. They need to remove items they no longer serve and correct the typos. I'll definitely come back for XLB!
1 Terrible service.  Amateur servers.  People were complaining for the slowness..  This restaurant will not last!
4 Surprisingly decent xialongbao and VERY good noodles. We were referred to this place by a friend who frequents Vegas. Upon arrival, discovered it was a bit off the main Chinatown strip and inside was really empty. Our concerns were wiped away quickly when we tasted the food. Minus one star for slow and forgetful service. We kept having to remind the waitress for tea, chopsticks, napkins.
3 Okay so we figured we try a new Asian restaurant place rather than eating at the Chinese restaurants at china town. We found this place by just driving down mountain springs dr and decided to try it out. It was rather empty for lunch time frame with only two tables of customers. The decor is simple with black and red coloring. We were seated after minute or so and were given menus ( or what looked like menus because it was held by tape and literally falling apart) we decided on beef rolls and noodles. It took about 20 minutes for our food to come out which is a bit long because there were not a lot of customers. My food which was the noodles was super salty and super spicy -_-' u guys need to be consistent on taste no? I mean I understand that it has to be spicy but really does it have to be salty too.... The noodles were a bit starchy like it wasn't cooked all the way. The beef rolls were okay except it had a lot of oyster sauce and was missing onions so the taste was off. The place needs some cleaning on the walls of the decorations. There was only one person in the front who serves as the waiter, cashier, and busboy/girl. Which is inefficient cause it will take a while to clean tables and getting to the customers..but overall it's okay
4 4 1/2 stars. Came in on a Sunday evening for dinner. I scored on a parking spot directly in front of the place and the decor is modern & trendy.  The menu is diverse and we started off with the beef noodle soup (yummy broth lean beef)  and followed with a spicy whole shrimp hot pot and ma po tofu. The hot pot and ma po were spicy delish and the portions were so large we could not finish the two entrees. The service was friendly, attentive and I was advised they bring in live fish from San Diego twice a week.  I've got a new favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas and will be returning on my next trip.
5 Onion pancakes rolls...  Trust me....
1 We used to go to Three Village which is upstairs in the same shopping center. 1900 Chinese Cuisine moved downstairs and changed it's name to 1900.  We placed our order even though we were told that most of the dumplings and bao's that we wanted they did not have.  We did notice that a large table of 10 people were being served everything that we had wanted.  We proceeded to wait and wait and wait.  After 20 minutes with absolutely no attention from the waitress my husband asked her about our order and she said it was coming out.  After 10 more minutes we just got up and left.  The service was beyond dreadful.  Of course we will never go back.  This was a terrible experience and there was no reason for being treated this way!!  Nancy PG
2 The food here is pretty good in taste, but super oily. The fried rice cakes and beef with celery had a puddle of oil at the bottom of the plate. The xlb were just ok. I haven't had ones as good as Joe's Shanghai in NY, even at Din Tai Fung.  Service also left much to be desired. They forgot to bring out a dish when the server brought us the check. We mentioned it to him then and rather than take it off our check he said it was coming out. I have never had a restaurant do this before if the food hasn't come out and you've received the check. They always take it off. He told us that it was coming right out by it didn't for another few minutes. I found that pretty ridiculous. With all the great Chinese available in Vegas, I can't say I would come back here for another meal mostly because of the service.
4 Great little place.  Go all kind of Shanghai and Szechuan dishes.  Love their beef noodle and the SHANGHAI Steam buns.
3 Really wanted too give it four start but the service with my experience was the reason. I came here for dinner with my brother family. They were in the lets try something new mode rather then the normal spots. Yay for another review! I always wanted too try the  soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao). By far they didn't disappoint! Hands down the best thing had that night. The thought process of soup in dumpling Brilliant concept and one that can't  think of any other asian restaurant that does it. (or least in my experience so far) You might want too let it cool down for short time but not too long cause once losses the heat cold soup dumplings more like sad dumplings. Lol! Once they come out pop whole dumplings in your mouth. All you want is too pop another another another down. It amazing. The soup tasty in itself, ground pork filing just as tasty, and taste of the dumpling outside really comes all together with one shot. They not as big as you think either so don't be scared cause not something nibble at but go for it.  Other things ordered shared family style was walnut shrimp, spicy tofu dish, chinese broccoli, and chicken wings. I enjoyed the spicy tofu had nice little kick too it, lots of tofu, and like the sauce that was in. Walnut shrimp was ok. I like the fact that nice size shrimp fried too perfection tossed with mayo base sauce on the outside. Nothing really made me say wow. Same goes with the broccoli or chicken wings nothing wow about the dishes. Not sure about other dishes. Three things we were going too try that out of that night. After the second sorry out that can always put damper get all hyped looking at the pics on the menu. The menu talk about good size selection.  Although at the same time I think one of the reasons they run out of stuff is too many things on the menu. It is nice when you have pictures of just about every menu item just in case not sure about the dish. It broad range of food too choose from too.  The service was not very good. She never looked too refill our water glasses the whole time. She never asked what we wanted too drink when she first greeted us or sat us down. The worst part is my nieces order two wonton soups. We got everything else ordered except for the soup. We were done with our meal. We were nice earlier ask about the soup (we had too ask they never recognize soup missing). She apologize but still nothing. Sure got three more tables but earlier we were the only ones in the restaurant. One order not realize missing incomplete order?? Figure they would take it out but they keep force us it coming till we like really expect me pay for it. They took it off but left bad taste and not the lasting impression anyone wants too leave a restaurant.
4 5 stars for their soupy dumplings and shrimp wonton soup. Do not order the mabo tofu, it had a funny aftertaste. Great experience eating Taiwanese food. Service was good but not friendly. Overall 3.5 stars. Lots of parking in lot. They have big tables to accommodate large groups.
4 Xiao long bao aka soup dumplings. I've followed these folks from 3 Village restaurant to 1900. They are offering the combo once again, soup dumplings steamed or fried with hot and sour soup or tofu soup for a dollar more.   Shanghai noodles are a must. They offer the jumbo soup dumplings, not bad but I'll stick with the usual.
4 Another gr8 Asian restaurant in this shopping center adjacent to Southwest Gas on Spring Mountain Dr.  Frog legs, dumplings, dim sum, noodles beef rolls and other Chinese delights.  Service could be better but the food rocks.
1 Pass.  Sadly, I wanted to eat here with a co-worker and convinced him that this place would be a better choice of dinner than Monta Ramen. Boy, was I stupid!  Came at 9:30 and only a table of 5 ppl were there. Waitress gave us tea and a menu. While we looked over the menu, I saw friends outside the restaurant and talked to them for 10-15 minutes. I figured my co-worker had ordered so, I ran back inside to tell him my order and he said: "they never came back!"  So, we sat there for another 10 minutes looking at the other table get food and drinks and chat up the waitress. LIKE, REALLLYYYYYYYY!!???!!!!!!  We walked out. That was ridiculous. Almost felt like they didn't help us because we weren't "friends" with the waitress or something. If they want to stay open, they better serve everyone the same way or we'll find other places to eat.....and -trust- that there's lots of places to eat on Spring Mountain.
1 Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
1 A few of my friends and I decided to check this new place out a few months ago, service was ok and the food was good. I'm not the one to leave a bad review but recently we returned and it's as if the place took a complete turn around! Upon entry the service was terrible, you could only imagine how the rest of it went. After 30mins and asking 5 times we finally received our waters (straight from the sink). Most of what we ordered seemed like its been reheated.  Wouldn't recommend coming here late night. Staff doesn't give 100% service
1 The service is poor, and the food isn't great, I walked in to order something to go, the server was busy so he told me to wait for a bit . I literally waited 20 mins But he still wasn't able to take my order, he told me to continue waiting, I wasted 20mins there to wait for ordering my food, end up I walked out of this place with nothing, the server didn't even apologize,I will never return to this place.
1 This is the third time I have eaten here and it's 3 strikes you're OUT!  The service has been bad on all 3 occasions but XLB were always good so I suffered through the service. But tonight while the flavor and texture if the soup dumplings was fine, half of them had NO SOUP in them by the time they reached the table (they popped and leaked out before they reached my table).  What's a soup dumpling without soup?  Now back to the service. Took several minutes to be noticed/seated in a half empty restaurant.  While the "plain paper copy" menu was delivered promptly, we waited nearly 20 minutes for them to take our order.  We were also served "luke warm" tea and had to ask for fresh hot tea.  Ordered three items and repeated my order twice, and they still managed to forget one item.  Flavors of the food was good but I cannot return to this place, it's just too much of a struggle to enjoy my meal!
5 Super yummy Xiao Long Bao! Our hunt is over and tummies satisfied. May even go back tomorrow. My hubby, toddler and I shared 2 orders of XLB (started with 1 order but they were SO delicious we added another order), sautéed veggies w/garlic, green onion pancake and beef noodle soup. We enjoyed everything we ate. Our toddler loved the beef noodle soup even though it was a little spicy. My hubby commented that the beef was very tender not rubbery as at some other places. We will be back sooner than later. Thank you yelp & yelpers for helping us find our XLB place in Vegas.
4 4 1/2 stars. Came in for dinner BC I wanted to try the live black cod fish. The waitress advised me it was a twenty minute wait which I appreciated.  When my fish arrived I was taken back how large and fresh the fish tasted. It was so tender it melted in my mouth and the sauce mixed with shredded scallions were delish on the steamed rice. The fish was so good I ate the whole thing!   Try this you won't be disappointed!
4 The soup dumplings are to die for!!  They are so good!!  Their shanghai pan fried dumpling and the Shang hai pan fried noodles were also delicious!!  Brought my 2 and 3 year old and they loved it!  Only thing is I didn't like is the decor but it's just a matter of taste on my part.
4 I was craving for the braised pork and lamb skewers as shown in a lot of the pictures, but it turned they changed menu, so it was dissappointing. Anyway , we ordered the cucumber and mushroom cold dish , which was tasty and refreshing , the rest are eggplant, sizzling lamb, pork ricecake with pickled vegetable, the taste were decent, as other reviews mentioned service was slow, they only had one servant , we waited almost half hour for the food to come up. but overall it was ok.
3 I only come here for xiao long bao which is the soup dumplings, but I also usually get the pan friend shanghai dumplings and beef roll. Rarely do I venture outside of that here.   The foods good, I haven't found a place with better xiao long baos in Vegas, however the service is alright and some times you'll get someone who barely speaks or understands English. It hasn't detoured me yet though.
3 This place was profiled in LV Weekly a few months back, and specifically mentioned the beef roll pie, 8 Treasure Noodle, and the frog dish. While I'm intrigued to try frog again, I'll save that $16 dish for a dine-in visit as it doesn't sound like it will travel well.  Opted for the noodle dish and roll pie, ordered by phone to pick up, was ready when I got there a mere 15 minutes later- interior of restaurant is a bit nicer than I expect, having been to a few places in this plaza already.   Noodle dish was packed well with the noodles separate from the sauce- assembled myself at home, and though I'm not entirely sure of the components, I was okay with the overall flavor. Lots of cut up meats, what appeared to be beans, and shrimp in a brown gravy sauce. Aroma of sauce didn't initially appeal to me but taste was decent. Not a bad dish but not one I can see myself coming back for.  Beef roll pie was a surprise with fresh herb inside- good mix of flavors and textures, and a good portion size for something I assumed was an appetizer and not an actual dish. Tasting this dish makes me curious about dim sum options here, though I decided against getting the XLB (reviews are mixed and I was not dining in).  Portion price and quality for price are fair ($20 total and enough for 2 meals), décor is nicer and more upscale than expected, paper menu is not in keeping with these other aspects of the restaurant- not cohesive, but not an issue that will prevent me from coming back to try other dishes.
3 Earl been wanting to eat Xiao Long Bao (Small Dragon buns - XLB) for weeks now, since he watched Eddie Huang ate them on one of the episode.  I tasked Earl with finding a restaurant that makes delicious XLB.  He narrowed down the list, and I chose 1900 since I have not been here and supposedly, their XLB are quite decent.  When we arrived, I was surprised to see that 1900 is the spot where the Taiwanese restaurant used to be.  The décor was really nice and the menus were fancy.  We ordered an order of XLB, lamb dumpling, and beef rolls.  XLB was the winner, lamb dumpling was BORING, and Beef rolls were ok, BUT, we had better elsewhere.  So...we will definitely come back for just the XLB.  Service was friendly.
