5 I'm not sure why there are not reviews for Centro yet, but I loved this bar/restaurant!  I went during the NBA finals because I happened to be staying at the Monte Lucia, and it was a really fun atmosphere.  It's a really big, open space with plenty of seating and several TVs to watch the game(s) on.  I had the cobb salad which was quite good, and they have great beers on tap.
4 Great resort bar to grab a drink, watch sports on the large TV's and enjoy the stellar view!
5 Dre the bartender was super fun, had great convo, and was willing to make us new, experimental drinks! Best Bloody Mary I've had in a long time. Would definitely recommend this place if you're staying here. Miami chic
4 Couldn't have asked for a more beautiful setting. The TV is HUGE and the food is very fresh. Thanks for a great experience!
2 As a caveat, this review is for the service, as it was so bad that we didn't get a change to eat here.  We recently stayed at the Montelucia to celebrate my fiancé's birthday and after hanging out at the pool in the afternoon we REALLY wanted some tacos. We were in luck! Centro has tacos! When we walked in, most of the tables were marked reserved because they were having a reunion that night. No problem. Except for the fact that none of the servers buzzing around us even pretended we existed when we walked in. There were several other people eating at the restaurant so it didn't seem like they were completely closed. After asking one of the servers whether we could sit down, she thought about it, didn't know and asked someone who seemed to be the manager.  We were informed we could sit at the bar. Ok, no problem. We sat down in front of the bartender, and again, nothing. We sat there. No one acknowledged us, asked us if we wanted food, a drink maybe. Nothing. We finally found some menus and asked the bartender if they were serving food. He said "Yes." That was all. Maybe he just didn't understand that we actually came in for something. We sat there for a few minutes longer being ignored and finally decided we actually wanted to eat something. We decided to drive to Blanco down the road and they were glad to have us as customers.   I understand they were gearing up for an event, but neglecting other customers does not seem like the best way to do it. Very disappointing for an otherwise excellent resort with excellent service.  The extra star is for the ambiance. Very fresh and trendy.
5 This was the highlight of my trip!  We had quite the debacle with the hotel staff, but the staff here was superb!  In particular, one woman with blonde hair who worked at Centro Lounge at 6PM on June 14th and at the Oasis Pool the next morning, was the best waitress we have ever worked with!  So nice and sweet and extremely helpful and knowledgeable of the menu.  The food here was amazing!  I highly recommend the fries, they are the best ever.  They put spices and sea salt on it to create a masterpiece.  Highly recommend this establishment!
