5 I have known the owners of this salon since I was in High School... They are the nicest people in the world! They used to work over at Miracle Nails, but now own Spectrum.  Its a little difficult to find, but its a beautiful clean salon.  They do an awesome job, and have all the gel colors and glitter.  Its a super reasonable price for their services, and they have new comfortable pedi chairs.   I would definitely check them out if I were you, they treat you like family, and do a great job.  Its next to Goodwill in Ahwatukee and where Dance Depot and Barros used to be.  They are quick, efficient, and affordable.
4 My daughter and I have visited here twice.  We've tried both manicures and pedicures.  So far we've had good service, even when they're busy.  The prices are decent.
4 My Mom and my sisters get their nails done at Spectrum regularly. They're always rocking some serious nail art and I wanted in on the action!   A few weeks later, my family hooked me up with a birthday gift certificate.    Dude had a rare Sunday off work, so we ventured out to Ahwatukee for some couple's pampering after a weekend of Spring Training games.  Clean, modern nail spa as you will see from the pictures added to this business. Standard pedicure massage chairs with whirlpools, and a gorgeous granite nail bar.  Sterilization seemed above the standard in comparison to similar neighborhood salons. Processing the whirlpools with a solution in between clients, autoclaving every set of instruments for every client, Barbacide in plain sight.   Wide selection of your basic nail polish and scores of gel colors, crazy glitter included.   Tiffany and her husband (forgot his name) took great care of us! What's crazy is I recognized him from Miracle Nails from over 10 years ago in High School. Like Courtney C. said in her review; he's here now!  Dude got a Classic Pedicure with added callus remover ($25 pre-gratuity). Good thing too; his feet become weapons in between those 2-4 pedicures a year! Left the salon baby smooth.   Me? A Classic Pedicure with sugar scrub, and a Gel Manicure, both with chevron and glitter nail art (total, $61 pre-gratuity). Beautiful minty green color for Saint Patty's Day. Check out the pictures!  Again, Tiffany, Hanna and the entire staff made us feel right at home. Had some great conversations, too! We didn't feel like anyone was rushing to get the next client in the chair.   Will we come back? Yes, when our regular nail technician at a salon where I get my hair done is unable to get us in.   Let's just say we're loyal, longtime clients of hers and despite the wonderful experience we had here ... Totally felt like we were cheating on her!  Yet, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Spectrum to family, friends and Yelpers alike looking to beautify their hands and feet for a great price!
2 So I had changed to Spectrum Nails for two reasons, one partly because my old shop was always so busy it would take too long.  Second was the price at Spectrum Nails was better.  Well sometimes you get what you pay for...my daughter and I both ended up with in grown toe nails and the pedicure and manicure weren't up to quality I am used to.  I've gone back to my original place.
