5 I received their flier at my door. Decided to pick up a sandwich before my 12 hour shift. I ordered at 10 am and it was ready before 10:30 as I told them I needed it before heading in to work. I ordered  the chicken parmesan and some garlic knots. I was really impressed with the parm sandwich. The sauce was great, the bread had a chew to it that I really liked. The chicken was breaded and suited the sandwich well.   The garlic knots had a good flavor but wasn't the best that I've had. Maybe they were a little over-baked. The menu looks real extensive to include pasta, calzones, desserts, sub sandwiches and various appetizers. They even have ribs!! Other unexpected menu items are burgers, wings and fingers.   They deliver with a minimum order of $10.   If their Pastrami sandwich is as good as the Parm, this place will be seeing a lot of me.
5 Didn't feel like cooking and decided to try this place out. I was very impressed with the pizza sauce! Very delicious. I got a small pie with just the perfect combo of cheese and sauce!! Highly recommend! Great service as well! I will absolutely be going back and can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu!
5 My wife (Max A.)tried this place earlier this week and raved about the chicken parm sandwich. Me being curious decided to give it a try. I have to say that I agree with her 100%. The sandwich was very tasty. The meat was very juicy and the bread was delicious. I look forward to having another sandwich as well as trying other items on their menu.
5 The Mac and cheese is very tasty!  The garlic knots were fresh and delicious.  The minestrone was comfortingly good.  Next time ill try the pizza.
5 We are new to the Las Vegas area and have been trying to find an authentic pizza place. We have found it here at pellegrini. Only 28 dollars for a 24 inch pizza and 20 wings what a great deal. Will definitely order from here again.
5 good pizza, friendly service, and a nice variety of italian food with some personal flavor.
5 i have tried many of their items on the menu and everything is excellent 5 stars !!
5 Oh my god... I use the eat24 app and I have an unhealthy addiction to fried zucchini and garlic balls and all the other places I ordered from SUCKED!! Not only was the food on time (early actually) it was warm, fresh, and DELICIOUS!! This is my new and only go to on my lazy days, thanks  pellegrini!!!
5 Fast and very friendly service. Food was good and better than what you would expect from a pizza/sandwich restaurant.  Very much worth a try.
5 So I got  this inside tip about this new place in the Neighborhood  slinging some real NEW York style pies. So then  decided to get my happy ass down there  and see what all the hoopla and shenanigans  where  about.  To my surprise Marone!!! There is Gold in this Desert after all.  My order:  1 7.99 "Pick-Up Special" w/Pepperoni , Mushrooms, Black Olives. 1 order of Garlic Balls. 12 Wings(Gallic Parmesan) 1 Side order of Meatballs. 2 Éclairs  2 Cannoli  Needless to say my family has an expression that goes ,"it's so good makes you wanna get up and slap your momma"!  They gotta be importing  the water from NYC!!! The crust on the Pizza was the best  since back home and sauce ,WOW!.  Those Garlic Balls: My girl described them as an "explosion of happiness in her mouth".   Amazing cooked to perfection Chicken Wings.  And those Homemade Meatballs.!! Forgetaboutit!  Whatever they are doing in that kitchen. Keep it up!  Highly recommended.  And don't forget Dessert!  This is the real deal and these guys mean Business!
5 This place makes a really good New York style pizza. Good quality cheese and delicious chewy crust . Generous topping and the meat in the toppings was good quality .Delivery was prompt from EAT24. Would definitely order from here again!
5 Just as good as the first time. They should rename their restaurant "Crack In A Box."
5 Went there for lunch yesterday with the family we ordered the lunch specials all in all came up to about 23 bucks, which at first I was saying ouch that's a tad expensive then the food came the sandwich's we ordered where huge so the price is on point I had half of mine for dinner that night because I couldn't eat it all I shall be back with more hunger to try and eat a full sandwich because of how good they are time to try the pizza now
5 I eat there at least at least once a week and everything I have tried has been really good. I took a couple take out special pizzas to a family get-together and everyone raved about how good the pizza was. The portions on the sandwiches and salads are huge and everything is top quality. If you want a real gut-buster try the Triple D or the Boston sandwich.
5 Great, I could not ask for more. Very fresh, tasty and easy to chew crunch. Sauce they use is fresh, i mean everything we ordered was just excellent. I will get back there again by my next visit to Vegas.      Thank You guys and Good Luck.
3 Pizza is not bad for the price if you get the $7.99 pickup special. More cheesy than saucy, so how much you like the pizza probably depends on your preference. I've had better in Vegas, but it's decent.   I wouldn't eat the garlic knots. I'm from New York, and I've never had "garlic knots" like this before. Don't really know how to characterize them. Maybe bread bites with some sprinkled cheese on top? And the cheese wasn't even melted. They provide marinara sauce, but honestly was just a strange menu item that I believe was $5 or $6.   Overall decent food but not great. Seems more like a pickup/delivery place as there is not much seating inside.
5 Very good pizza place, the employees are very nice to you and the pizza is very good. Definitely a place worth trying.
5 No question one of the best pizzas around, if you're looking to stray from the norm of all the Americanized, mainstream, and terrible "pizza restaurants" this is your place. This place has good sized menu with many solid choices. You can't go wrong!  We ordered 1.5lbs of wings, an order of garlic knots, and a sausage and pepperoni pizza last night, not one of them even remotely disappointed. In fact, in my opinion, this pizza was cooked to perfection, and the ingredients were extremely fresh.  I have a friend who is an extremely picky eater, even he could not stop tossing back these knots, and for good reason. They were delicious, both cooked and seasoned very well.  Delivery time was quick, and the price was very affordable. Will definitely be visiting again in the near future.
5 I am a truck driver and I've been in many pizza places throughout the country, but never had such a great special pizza for only 7.99 with a home made sause... Staff is very nice and helpful. The pizzeria looks very clean. Definitely will be back!
5 Surprisingly their pizza was phenomenal .I was there getting a pizza on playoffs night and they were very busy and maybe took  couple minutes longer but it was worth to wait.
4 I had a "Boss Hog" sandwich and my wife had veal Parmesan. Both were good though my wife said the sauce was a bit salty. Onion rings were OK, though a little under cooked. I'll give it another go soon.
3 Saw this place online and had some good reviews so we decided to try it out. There menu online needs to be updated. It says that they have kid meals but they do not. If your looking for the normal specials your find at pizza hut or papa johns this place doesn't have it. They do have good specials for large groups though. I ordered a small pizza for the kids 2 med and some Parmesan bread sticks. The pizza itself wasn't that bad, but there wasn't anything that stood out that would make you say wow this is some GOOD pizza.  I recommend this place if your having a group event, but on a day you just don't want to cook and your on a budget this place may not be for you!
2 first time tonight. We got the special 18" two topping, 12 wings & 2 liter for $23.99 I think was the price. The middle of the pizza was flimsy and kind of soggy. Im not sure if it was because it was so large. It was better once you got to the center and the end. Wings were tasty. I may try again one day and maybe get a smaller size pizza. Also, don't plan to eat there. There is nowhere to sit.
4 My 50 on 50 yelp review...   I have been wanting to go here for a while and glad I did. I currently have two fav pizza joints to go to know between sabitino's pizza and Pellegrini Pizza there both really amazing places.   I had Philly Cheese steak pizza and funnel fries ..  First off let me start off buy saying get an order of funnel fries !! I haven't seen alot of places that do this and here there amazing some even have a carmel texture to them after the powder sugar sets in -- if I could cause this is where I would inset text and say there f ing amazing seriously really good. -- only thing you need with this is a nice pilsner   Pizza was really good too these are not what you call light pizza's I tend to think more on the heavy side for a definition meaning crust and dough is heavy witch is good and bad the bad meaning normally you can only eat about 2-3 slices before getting stuffed however taste and flavor was really good -- normally on a philly pizza its a little overly salty or bland tasting it stood up really good.   They have a huge menu amount of menu items ranging from popcorn shrimp,fried rav, lots of sandwich's, burgers and large dessert menu cannoli's.  This place is worth checking out at least once and forming your view. There prices are just right and not crazy lie some I have seen.  They also offer delivery and coupon threw eat 24 and I think they do grubhub.
1 I just had the russet experience ever. I ordered a medium rare burger with garlic fries and my boyfriend got chicken marsala delivered and our order was completely wrong. My burger was cold and soggy, my fries were hard and my boyfriend's chicken marsala was obviously frozen chicken that was completely inedible. I called to let them know that I was not pleased and coming to return my food. The owner was so rude to me. He said he did not care that I did not like my food. He offered to remake it but they had messed it up so horrible. I will never be returning. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!
1 Wow- we were so surprised by the quality of food. We ordered delivery for the one-topping, 12 medium buffalo wing, and 2 liters of Coke.   The pizza was a thin, limp, greasy, sad specimen that easily split into a congealed latticework of "cheese" and "bread". There was no tomato sauce.   The wings were cooked hard and were so plain we had to go on a buffalo sauce search. We found about a teaspoon's worth, most of it stuck on the backside of the foil.   Dipping sauce came with the wings. It wasn't blue cheese. It wasn't ranch. It actually reminded me of the homemade French onion powder you mix with sour cream.   The only thing I wasn't disappointed with was the Coke.   We took pictures so you wouldn't think we were lying.  UPDATE: On  April 21, 2014 I was notified by Yelp that my photos of the pizza and wings had been removed because the photos and captions weren't "generally representative of the business." I'm hoping that means my terrible experience was one-in-a- million!
5 Breathtakingly Delicious PIZZA!!! Coming from a New Yorker family, this has been the best pie we have enjoyed in Las Vegas! The staff was very courteous and sweet! The fact that they have the $7.99 pick-up special, is just an incredible gift!
5 This was my first time calling and i placed an order for delivery for a 14 inch with 12 wings and a 2 liter soda for $20. The guy said it will be about an hour wait they they came to my door in 35 min. The pizza and wings were yum! I was very pleased with the service. They got themselves a new customer!
4 Was going to give it less than 4 the driver took wayyyy to long to get here . Got lost but food was Delish. And driver def easy in the eyes....
5 Awesome customer service!   Wasn't really feeling the red sauce on my seafood linguine so I asked if I could get the Alfredo sauce instead, changed it without hesitation & even added extra sauce! ( & no I didn't ask for it to be changed after I received it, I'm no douche)    Very popular place, I kept hearing the phone go off repeatedly. I definitely recommend this spot to anyone who loves Italian food, the food is delicious & it's a good quantity for the price!
5 Got a menu on the door and decided to give this place try. We got an 18" pizza (I think it was called the pilgrim) and an order of the funnel cake fries. Pizza was delicious! The crust was perfectly cooked and I was really impressed by the meatballs that were on the pizza. The funnel cake fries were to die for! I couldn't believe the portion size for the price. I am pretty sure this just became our go to pizza joint! So delicious plus we love the online ordering!
5 Omg amazing! I was shocked how delicious this pizza was!! I ordered the mass pike a refreshingly tasty chicken sandwich,the chicken was great perfectly paired with cucumber,roasted red peppers,basil and provolone cheese. the bread was to die for! My kids got the pizza i snuck a bite and was blown away how awesome it was!!its what real pizza should taste like! so flavorful !!i d Absolutely order from here again and recommend it to anyone!!
5 Love this place! I normally just order a pizza with pepperoni and it's delicious, so much cheese. I also order the wings and they are great. My go to place for pizza.
5 The pizza is fantastic  I have never been disappointed.
