5 Me and my friends stopped in this place the other day and the food was GREAT.  The place was very clean the service is great.  The prices are very reasonable and people can actually afford to bring there whole  family  out to eat and enjoy good food.
5 This place is great! All the food is home made every day and it show! The service is excellent. Highly recommend it to everyone!
5 We are BIG fans of Crazy Pita, but this place is better.  Better pita bread, chicken and beef were both good.  Basmati rice was nice.  Baba ganash best ever.  More food than we could eat.  Very friendly owner run, everything cook fresh.   We will be back - many times....
2 My family went to this restaurant today based on the 5 star rave reviews.  We were disappointed.  It is not even close to the quality and flavor of Crazy Pita!!  We waited a long time for the food and the prices were a little high.  My kids usually LOVE pita bread and they said it was flat and not soft.  Rice was bland and so was tsatziki sauce.  We won't be returning.
5 I love this place! i've been eating here for 4 days in a row now!  the food is fresh and the staff is great!
5 Excellent authentic Mediterranean food!!  The best baba ghanoush in Vegas.  Chicken and beef shwarma were both delicious.  Hummus is hand made and yummy and the pita bread is baked right in front of you -- the best I've ever had.  Prices are great and we will definitely be back.
4 Food was fresh and the staff is very nice. The best I have had.  The hummus was great the Babaganoush was okay.  The meat dishes and rice were also great !! Def my spot for Greek food!
1 This has to be the absolute worst Greek / Mediterranean food in all of Las Vegas. I was so excited to try it and find a new place close to my house and boy, was I wrong. I got the chicken salad... the chicken was slimey and repulsive. The salad was generic iceberg lettuce and was not a Greek salad in any shape or form. My boyfriend had the kafta... another dish we couldnt eat. There was chunks of fat hanging from the meat. Never again.
5 I freakin' LOVE this place.  Their hummus is outta this world, all of their kabobs are fantastic, and the Shawarma's are delicious.  This is my favorite Mediterranean place in Vegas.    If you get it to go, they hook you up with EVERYTHING (plates, plastic-wear, basically everything you need) because the owner "doesn't want you to have to do dishes... we want your meal to be as easy as possible".  Simply awesome!!   Do yourself a favor.... visit this place!
1 In our quest to fulfill my Greek food cravings, we tried this place. Absolutely the worst Greek food I've ever had. I should've went back to Yanni's across the street that serves authentic Greek food, with great flavors no matter what I order from them. Not to mention the huge servings. Pita house was so disappointing. I ordered the beef shawarma, my husband ordered the Gyro sandwich. My wrap was very bland, meat was tough. I had to keep adding hot sauce to add flavor to it. The salad was HILARIOUS. And the rice was completely bland. I took a bite of my husbands Gyro sandwich and almost broke a tooth from how hard the meat was, and not to mention it was cold! We are definitely not coming back here. Don't waste your money, instead head to Yanni's across the street. They never disappoint me.
4 Super fresh. Loved the Homemade Pita. Tabouli was excellent. The cooks got slammed when I came ...so my order took a few minutes- but I'm definitely coming again. So happy to have a place like this close to my house!
4 Freshly made pita and fantastic lamb kabobs will bring me back. Also, loved the greek salad. The babaganoush was pretty good. The gyro while decent, I'll probably skip in the future because those kabobs were so damn tasty. Quick, fresh and fairly priced. Yep, I am a fan.
4 I'm no expert when it comes to Mediterranean food but nom nom!!   The owners are always very nice and pleasant.  The food always tastes fresh and yummy.  The wife told us that her husband gets their olive oil from a very far away country (I totally forget where) and it takes a month to arrive- cray cray..  (okay so you caught me, I took a mental vacation the minute she expelled the details and was back to catch the end of it-oopsie for having A.D.D.)  So they have the three meat options: Chicken, Beef and Lamb, all on a huge skewer, cooker, rotater thing and the boyfriend always gets chicken wrap thing (don't know the technical correct term for it) and it comes with a small salad and rice (or fries).  Whatever they use to cook that rice is absolutely tasty and delicious!!  They also have skewers of meat.  baba ghanoush deserves a paragraph of it's own.  HELLO!!  So the first time we went, I ordered the hummus and inquired about the baba ghanoush (I had no idea what it was?!).  The owner was nice enough to give us a little sample and to my surprise, I actually prefer the baba G over Hummus?!  So super delicious!! And the Pita, ohhhhh the Pita, so warm, fresh and good- I could eat just the pita by itself!  And for the price, you get a very generous serving and trust me, you'll love it!  Now we order an extra side of pita because that bad boy doesn't stand a chance!  So Miss. Vegetarian over here gets the filafel.  Sometimes I order it as a sandwich/wrap thing and sometimes I just get the balls plain with the rice and salad.  There's absolutely no guilt eating here because everything tastes so darn fresh and good!!  ...and we never order the french fries...  The last time we were there, we got stuck behind two other orders and it took a loooonnnnggg time....  but we weren't in a rush...  and to be quite frank, we didn't mind much...  and I'd rather have fresh cooked food (just like making it at home) and waiting....than frozen heated up food, or stale food for that matter.  BUT I must put it into perspective, we would have waited just as long at Cheesecake Factory or some other large restaurant for our food... so what's the difference??? none.  only love for this place.  So anywho, give this place a shot, I think they deserve a fighting chance in our neighborhood.  Good, simple, healthy eats and genuinely nice owners behind that counter.
5 I loved the Pita House at first bite. When you taste all fresh food compared to processed, it's hard to go back. They make amazing Mediterranean and Lebanese food every day, from scratch, absolutely nothing canned.   The atmosphere is new, simple, with a touch of elegance, as the floors are handmade tile and the counters marble and granite. The area is clean and well lit. I love all their kabobs, especially the beef kabob platter. The hummus is extraordinary.  I am the founder and lead writer for Las Vegas Top Picks, which showcases great stuff around Vegas. I put Pita House on my website.  http://lasvegastoppicks.com/pita-house-mediterranean-grill/  I've known the owner, Charlie, for almost a year, from Roy's Liquor Store in Summerlin. I've heard many times about his passion for cooking, and remember when he was preparing the Pita House to open. He put a lot of love in every aspect--the design, the staff, the food, the oven, every little detail. Charlie told me he wanted to create a restaurant that on any given day, his family and friends from Lebanon could walk in and get fresh, authentic, delicious food.  From all that I've heard--and tasted--he's succeeded. I met the staff there too. They care about the food they create. This is not a day job for them, it's a livelihood and their life work. These are the kinds of restaurants I love.  The only drawback is I live on the other side of town, near Red Rock Casino. If I lived closer to Pita House, I would eat here at least three times a week, since it's so fresh and affordable.  Please give Pita House a try and let me know. Your taste buds will thank me!
4 Tough location to make a go, but the food is good.  I had the Gyros Pita plate.  The meat was extremely tender.  I personally liked it better than the Yanni's nearby (although Yanni's has some delish fries).  The staff are friendly and eager to please.  The food was good and appropriately priced.  Good to have in the neighborhood.  I will definitely go back.
5 Was craving a gyro. Looked at some other places closer to my house but they all had poor ratings. I found Pita house, with a good rating and good reviews. It was about 6 miles from my house but I decided to try it.    The store is located in a small shopping area, but easy enough to find.   When you walk in the place is clean and neat. Not to much over the top decor, and the smell was great. Made my mouth water even more. The meat was cooking on a spit, where they just shave off the meat and place it on the  grill to heat it up. So you know the food is fresh and cooked to order.   I ordered the lamb gyro with extra taziki sauce ( not sure that's right spelling). My husband ordered the beef and chicken kafta plate. All dishes come with a salad, fries or rie. We got the fries. I also ordered the cheese pies. Was thinking of getting the spinach pies (maybe next time).  Got the food back home and I was really surprised how big my gyro was. It was way more then I expected. I was unable to finish it so I saved it for dinner. My husband is a southern guy so if it's not fried or smoother end in gravy everything is jus ok. I asked and he said it was good, so by his standards it was good and he would order it again.   The staff that was working was very helpful and helped my choose my food. She was right it was all rally good and fresh. We will be back.
5 Food was delish! Loved the salad with the crispy pita chips and the garlic sauce is amazing !
4 The beef kabob was fantastic -- moist and flavorful. The gyro was okay. The rice was tasty. Next time, I would skip the gyro and go for something else from the menu, but the beef kabob will be a go to dish!
5 The food here is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I been to a few places like this one but this is my favorite. The food is tasty and fresh and the place is very clean. The pita bread and hummus is great. I live about 40 minutes from the place but it sooooooo worth the drive.
5 I've been passing by Pita House on my way to work every day for the past 4 months, and have thought about stopping in, as it's right around the corner from my job. Years ago,  I lived in the Middle East and since I've been back in the States, I have never been able to find a place here that truly replicated the tastes I loved out there. So, I was a bit skeptical about Pita House. However, I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered a chicken shwarma sandwich, which came with rice (or fries) and a small salad. As soon as I opened up the shwarma, the smells took me back immediately to what I missed about the Middle East. It was absolutely delicious and I was in heaven! The staff was very helpful and friendly. I'll definitely go back.
5 Ended up here after craving a pita. Very friendly staff and delicious food.  I had the beef shawarma and my husband had the chicken kafta. Both had us licking our fingers. Very good.
1 Having never tried this restaurant before and the one we usually go to closed, we decided to give it a try. We ordered the Greek Chicken Salad and let me tell you, it was pretty gross! The texture of the chicken was pasty and it reminded me of the gross, canned deviled ham meat. Once we put the dressing on it, it got gummy. Never again!
5 The amount of food you get for the price is amazing! Their babaganoush is awesome and so is the salad. Gyro also good! I would highly suggest checking it out!!! Pita pit is opening across the street and I'd hate to see them struggle because of a chain!
5 The Greek Salad is fantastic, wide variety of fresh vegetables and non-pitted olives.   Huge portions for a reasonable price.  Their kabobs are solid, all of the meats I've tried have been charred outside and delicious and juicy inside.  Can't ask for much more from a take out Mediterranean place.  Friendly owners, knew my name and order the second time I came in.
5 The closest to authentic lebanese food I have had in all of Vegas. Amazing food and staff with extremely affordable prices. Not to mention excellent service.
5 Their food is amazing, your treated like family the minute you walk through the door, and I don't think anybody makes better hummus than Susan the food and customer service is great..
5 I have been meaning to write this review for awhile. I absolutely love this place. I usually get the steak skewer but sometimes I will get the chicken and I am ALWAYS happy with either choice. The steak is very high quality and it is like biting into a piece of filet mignon. I love the lady at the counter. She recognizes my daughter and I and it really feels like I've come home and my mother wants to feed me. The baklava is out of this world, try the hummus and pita, you can find none better and please try the garlic sauce. Delicous!
5 Well for anyone who has been seriously needing just 1 authentic, high quality, ethnic place to make your GO TO spot this is it. Just got the Chicken Shawarma wrap and it is amazing. For garlic obsessors like me the garlic sauce is amazing. Just perfect. The nice lady at the front was so friendly and you can tell the owner really cares. 6 stars. We have to support this place NOW
5 Hubby and I just ate here. It was so good!!! You can not beat fresh pita. It was so good we ordered more before we left so we could eat it was our left over hummus. We will be coming back that's for sure :)
5 Yummy food! I'm not an expert in Mediterranean food or anything, all I know is the beef kabob was deeeelicious! Highly recommended!
4 This is a little Ma and Pa place.  Very sweet.  Everything was fresh.  The hummus was ok. I like mine more garlicky but they can't really be faulted - the have to please the general public and I like everything very  very spicy. I loved the Babajanoush (sp?) super creamy and made with good ingredients and home country / recipe pride (you can just tell!). The pita bread was warm and fluffy and they give you a good amount.  Also really liked the tabulli - perfect mix of oil, cilantro, tomato and grain.  Everything was in balance.  Very nice lunch.
5 Best Lebanese/middle eastern food in town.  Lived in Vegas for over 20 years, by far this is the best place ever for kabobs and hummos, fattoush and tabouli salads... The service is so great it is my second home. I love Susan!
5 Great tasting food with friendly service, that's such a great combination for a fast food place.
5 Hit the spot w the gyro sandwich. Feta fries aren't on the menu but they do have it. Met the owner she insured us everything was hand made n it tasted like it.  A must go if in the area.
5 There pita bread is amazing and hummus is the best I ever had. They had a really nice meat on rotisserie selection.  The couple that owns it is very nice great service!
5 Went here while looking for a good place for dinner I am a huge fan of Mediterranean. Walked In welcomed into a very friendly environment. I had the gyro with fries it was so good!! Pretty big came with two big halves and a salad and fries. Want to go back and try more. If you are in the area worth trying!!
5 Seriously, we've tried quite a few places.  This one is really awesome!  Most places don't make their pita bread fresh.  It is here!  This is NOT a chain.  It's a family restaurant, friendly, less expensive on average than most.  I think they need a better location to really succeed, but we are devoted :)
4 Loved the pita, which was super fresh! The hummus was good. I had the chicken kabobs which were tasty. I just wish the pieces had been smaller. Garlic sauce was mmm mmm good!
4 Good food. All made fresh, everything "homemade"! Service friendly and prompt. Clean and comfortable.  Mostly meat based, but they have some vegetarian and can make other vegi combo requests not on menu. Just wish they could have fish added to menu.
5 I  love this place great food  super friendly what more could you say!
5 Pita House is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. They've got me craving it often but I don't feel bad because their food is every bit as healthy as it is delicious. Everything is made fresh and in house including their bread. There isn't a can opener on site and nothing is processed.  I'm in love with their tabouli salad (see photo). It's been absolutely perfect every time I've ordered it. The beef kabob skewers are also great with their famous garlic sauce. It's a must try! I've ordered their gyros and those are yummy too. They serve theirs on a pita and not that thicker flatbread like I've had at Greek restaurants. Possibly because their food is Lebanese and this is a different style. I have no complaints though. Just wanted to point out that it was uncommon to me. Regarding the rest of the menu, I haven't gotten too adventurous with that yet so I can't comment. However, this is one of those places where I am willing to bet that everything on the menu is good. Next thing I plan on trying is their hummus. I was with a friend that ordered that and it looked amazing!  Service is excellent and staff is all friendly.   Random Quirky Fact - Apparently the cast of TLC's Sister Wives are fans too. You'll see their autographed promo card near the cash register. And all this time I assumed they lived in Utah...
3 Good food but not for the price I went in with my husband and our bill was 40.00 for 4 kabobs and drinks not included for this price I rather go to a restaurant!
5 Food was amazing. I ordered the chicken and steak Shawarma, it reminded me of home. They use only the finest ingredients with their olive oil that ships straight from Lebanon. I will definitely come back for more!
5 I am currently addicted to hummus, and it's all because of Pita House! If I end up in hummus rehab, I am sending them the bill!  It had been ages since I had eaten any Mediterranean food, close to a decade. When I was in high school, a good friend's parents owned a Mediterranean/Greek cafe that I ate at often but after they closed due to medical issues, I never really found a replacement to get my Greek on.   Pita House is that replacement. From the deliciously zesty tabouli to the juicy chicken kabobs to the addictive hummus... everything is made fresh, even the pita bread (which is amazing)! After my first visit to Pita House, I would get the most intense cravings for their hummus and I have yet to find a place that has anything quite as good as what PIta House serves up.  The restaurant itself is simple but it has always been very clear when I have gone in. The staff have always been extremely pleasant and helpful.   In a nutshell: Pita House has some super friendly employees serving up super super yummy food that is actually good for you AND will not break the bank. As far as I am concerned, for Mediterranean food in Las Vegas, Pita House is as good as it gets!
5 I was craving for Greek food one night and we (brother & I) stumbled upon this establishment on Yelp. We decided to order almost everything off the menu to try and coz we were just starving. You cannot go wrong with the shawarma, both beef and chicken. If you're diet conscious, you won't even feel bad. I'm obsessed with their hummus with pita. It tastes so fresh. Also, the staff are really nice and welcoming. I will be marking this as one of my favorites in my area.
1 I was very excited to try this place after reading the reviews. Sadly tho my excitement turned to disappointment. Our appetizers came after the meal, the service was slow. And was kinda pricey for food served in styrofoam. Bad and expensive experience.
5 The food is amazing in all aspects!! The kabobs .. gyros.. pita.. and GARLIC SAUCE!!  Not to mention an amazing staff.. we will be coming back on a regular basis.
5 Delicious! Authentic, made fresh everyday and amazing. We tried many things and they were all great!! We will be back for more. Best Mediterranean place in silverado ranch, hands down.  The owner said "we don't own a microwave or a can opener, everything is made fresh"
4 I've been here a few times and I keep coming back. Their hummus and pita bread can't be beat. Sometimes I just stop by to pick that up...way better than store bought.   The gyro sandwich is great...and huge! I can only eat half. It also comes with rice or fries and a mini Greek salad. The staff is always super friendly. This is a great family owed place and I will definitely keep returning! Come check it out!
3 I've had better and I've had worse! It's a good place for a quick bite but nothing to write home about to your Greek family members! Whatever you do.......DON'T TRY THE BAKLAVA! Driest thing besides the Mojave desert! One look at it and you'll instantly know what I'm talking about.....unless you've never had it...and you still would hate it!
5 Love love love Pita House. Freshest way to eat without cooking it yourself. (But way better than anything I can cook myself!!) The lamb kabob, lamb kafta, beef kabob, beef and chicken shawarma... All outstandingly flavorful, perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked. Salads are crisp, and wonderfully dressed. The hummus, babaganoush, super soft and dipable pita bread, make my mouth water just thinking about it all.   But the favorite item that brings it all together here... the traditional Lebanese "garlic sauce", or toum. It's fluffy, and creamy, and a garlic lovers heaven. You could dip a flip flop in this stuff and you'd be asking for more. And executing this sauce when trying to make it yourself is challenging to say the least (ahem...), so leave it to the experts at Pita House and order extra with everything.   A+++! We will always come back!!! Please never go away!
5 Love love the pita house!!! Fresh food very authentic. Best Mediterranean on this side of town.
5 I ate here for the first time today and OMG their food is so tasty! I'm super happy that I no longer have to drive to la anymore to get that awesome garlic sauce! I don't think there's any other restaurant in Las Vegas that sells it! Simply amazing!
1 Terrible food greek salad tastes like oil an vinegar with no flavor. The chicken was very salty  looked like some other kinda meat.  The vegetable grape wraps are pickled an cold yuck.
4 On the recommendation of a Yelp Elite friend we stopped in for lunch while on a quick trip to Vegas. The staff is super friendly and they have a great selection of food. We had a 3 year old with us and she enjoyed the food. We had the kabobs with french fries, hummus and the greek salad. Everything was great.  Know before you go: There is another pita restaurant right across the street called Pita Pit, not the same thing at all.   DOS 5/19/14
4 This place is not what you expect when you drive by to find it tucked behind auto stores. The staff is pleasant, helpful and spot on with the orders every single time I call an order in. (Yes, that's a rare thing in Vegas).  The grape leaves are fresh and not days old, and the hummus is to die for! There's always enough to take home for dinner. The chicken Shawarma sandwich is the only reason for the 4 stars! I like white lean chicken, not chunks of random. You can bypass this dilemma by doing the beef which is much leaner and tastier. Finally, I love the variety of hot sauces, nom nom! Keep it up, and I'll keep coming!!!
