5 so this is the new trendy spot in Scottsdale. Love the ambiance and small feel vibe. The patio is awesome...can't wait for fall to sit there. Had some great food and drinks. Spotty behind the bar was awesome. Will be revisiting soon.
5 Stopped in here about 2 1/2 - 3 weeks ago for a drink after going to EVO for dinner.  EVO recommended it.  Great little place.  Nice ambiance, fantastic drinks, and an interesting menu.  We already ate at EVO but ordered the yellowtail app at Virtu anyway.  Really fresh, very good.  Ordered a few different drinks.  Had the Seasonal Smash, which is a rye whiskey cocktail, and really enjoyed it.  Got to talking with Clint at the bar and he recommended a Martinez, off the menu, because I love strong old school martini's.  It's the martini before there was a martini.  What a great drink made by a real bartender that actually knows what he's doing.  We also ordered a drink that I think was on the menu called a Penicillin, excellent as well.  It's off the beaten path right by a little hotel of sorts, The Bespoke Inn.  Virtu is across the courtyard off of N. Marshall Way.  Really close to a lot of places we like.  Thought I would get this review in because we were supposed to go to dinner there a couple of weeks back but couldn't.  Booked dinner for tonight.  Of course, we are stopping by the bar beforehand.  I'll post the 2nd review after we grab dinner and drinks there.  Go check it out, it's a great place.
5 Wow. Went to dinner here last night for the first time since opening and I can honestly say it was magical. From the moment I walked in till I left, dish after dish, service, and atmosphere were top notch. I did not know that this was a newly opened restaurant. I walked in with my wife and immediately greeted by the Host named Rick who was very pleasant and sat us quickly with genuine care while carrying on a conversation. This was a sign of more great things to come is what I was thinking to myself.  Chris our server was awesome. He immediately greeted us and made us feel incredibly welcomed and we knew we were in good hands. After suggesting a few cocktails and various wines he then moved onto the dinner menu and suggested some great dishes along with paring to our wine of choice.  Once our order was placed, the Chef then came out to greet us. Chef Gio, the proprietor was warm and friendly offering his suggestions as well. He then made his way through the dining room making everyone feel like they were home.  From the first dish, we were in heaven. I would write what we had from course to course, but I think that's what makes this restaurant so great and what will make this one of the best you'll ever try is the fact that it continues to change its menu daily.  Anyway, from our first course through the main, it truly took us to a new heightened sense of taste ecstasy that I have not experienced here in the valley. Everything was cooked to perfection and the ingredients were of the freshest local and regional flavors that I have ever had in their combinations.  Dessert at the end was just the perfect conclusion to a much deserved night out.  The restaurant itself was quaint and tastefully done. It took both of us to a place of elegance yet a comfortable sense of being. Just perfect feel to it. I will be back and cannot wait to see what Chef Gio will concoct next. I am a believer in this culinary mirage in our fair city. Thanks to the team at Virtu'!
5 Went back for dinner as I said in my previous review.  Still loved it.  Fantastic food.  Clint made us a couple of cocktails at the bar, great as they were before.  Chris was our server and Geo is the chef.  They fly in scallops that are alive in the shell.  They taste completely different than typical scallops you would order at other restaurants.  Very fresh and flavorful with a nice presentation.  Actually had two of those.  The octopus app was outstanding.  Never had octopus that was that tender.  The papardelle and elk entrees were unbelievable as well.  Everything had a beautiful presentation but most importantly tasted great.  Can't remember the name of the dessert but it was basically vanilla ice cream in a coffee cup with espresso poured over the top.  Interesting, really liked it.  Had a couple of glasses of wine to boot.  It's a cool little place with a nice, yet casual, atmosphere.  It will definitely be incorporated into our rounds of typical places we frequent.  We will be back.
5 This is the new place to go for happy hour! The mixologist knows what he is doing and the chef is really creating some lovely food. The happy hour is pretty special-there's a number of small plates priced from $4-6.00 and several dollars off of some great cocktails and wine. We had the roasted peppers ( WOW) , the ricotta salata and the tortilla( Spanish style).  The tempura white anchovies were fabulous. Later we stayed for dinner and had the octopus salad and arugula and berries salad. Each dish was prepared with the highest quality ingredients. We had a vegetarian in the group and they prepared a beautiful pasta for her since there's not a lot of vegetarian options for entrees. It's a small intimate place inside the Bespoke Inn-which I definitely want to check into-it looks very special. I'm looking forward to going back!
5 The food, staff, & attention to innovative food  creation make this a must return to venue. After eating at  5 allegedly "top " Scottsdale restaurants this week,  Virtu  in comparison, makes the  5 "top" seem average. If Virtu keeps up their amazing creative effort- won't be able to get a table agin until next August!
3 No doubt about it, cocktails are the way to go at Virtu. The food, however, is overpriced and sometimes underwhelming.  We arrived to a jam-packed restaurant Tuesday night. I was a bit surprised because it looked like there were plenty of open tables when I made reservations online a couple days prior. I could tell right away that they were in the weeds because of Restaurant Week so I prepared myself for a slower dining experience. We were fine waiting at the bar for our table. We love craft cocktails, and we loved checking out all the obscure liquors and house-made concoctions behind the bar. My husband got the Nuova Bellezza, a grape-based drink, and I got the Fountain of Youth. His drink was very good, and mine was outstanding! I swear, you could get any tequila hater to enjoy this cocktail made with Don Julio reposado and yellow bell pepper syrup. We also had the classic Sazerac and their Starter Kit which was refreshing and slightly bitter.  My husband got the chef starters which was a crostini, blistered peppers and a croqueta. He didn't really like any of them and much preferred my salad. The salad with beets and goat cheese was nice, but the warm temperature indicated it probably sat at the window too long. I got the only vegetarian offering which was a modified (no pancetta) version of butternut squash ravioli. When my dish came to the table, I spotted the pancetta right away and sent it back. In the mean time, my husband got his thick pork chop but no silverware. I gave him my set while I waited, but he was still in need of a steak knife. My redone ravioli came out again fairly quickly, but I had to ask for another set silverware. I was very disappointed looking at the ravioli. The portion was minuscule! Four Chef Boyardee sized goat cheese ravioli with just a touch of brown butter and no butternut squash at all. The ravioli were very good, but thank god I don't have a huge appetite. Surprisingly, the star of my husband's dish wasn't the prosciutto wrapped pork but the phenomenal mushrooms on the side. The pork was moist but didn't have much flavor. My husband said he would have rather had just the mushrooms on top of a risotto.   We finished off with the affogato and chocolate course for dessert. My husband wasn't a fan of the affogato, but I liked both of them. His chocolate mousse was light and fluffy, and there was a delightful, warm chocolate s'more-like pastry on the side.  Our server was friendly, but she forgot about filling up our water glasses. I was also dismayed that the staff let the restroom run out of hand towels. Nothing like walking back to your table with wet hands.  I could see us returning again for pre-dinner cocktails, but we'll be sticking with FnB nearby for our food.
5 Ate here for the 2nd time last night. The specials for AZ Restaurant Week were out of this world.   Don't miss out on: - Cocktails. House made mixers and syrups. Talented bartenders. - Burrata. Outstanding.  - Squash Ravioli with Goat Cheese. Dear baby Jesus I hope they add this to the menu permanently!! - Squash blossom appetizer  The place is off the charts cozy and the patio is lovely. Great wait staff and just all-around great place to enjoy a lovely meal.
5 We ate here for Restaurant Week and am so happy we selected Virtu!    Everything about the restaurant was great!  It's a small restaurant and the best part is the amazing patio seating.  If the weather permits you HAVE to sit outside!    We had the prosciutto wrapped pork chop & grilled flat iron.  Typically when we think of flat iron steak as a thin, flank steak but this was a thick, perfectly cooked steak.   The affogato for dessert was the best dessert I've ever had!    The food and ambiance were great but the best part of the meal was our server, George.  I'm not sure if we've ever had a server as great as he was.    I look forward to eating here again!
5 This was my top choice for Restaurant Week, and it turned out to be the right one. I came here for a girls night with reservations for 4. We were seated outside on the patio at the community table, which was surrounded by lanterns, strung lights, and trees, which made for a very relaxing ambiance. Our server George was very personable, and great at explaining how their drinks were handcrafted, as well as how the food was prepared.   I started off with the Fountain of Youth cocktail, the description of tequila, bell pepper syrup and siracha bitters peaked my curiosity. I asked the server about it, as I was a little apprehensive that I wouldn't like it, he said it I didn't like it I could just send it back. Well since there was no risk involved, I decided to go for it, and was glad I did. It was fantastic, slightly sweet with a minute undertone of the rooster sauce. One of the best cocktails I've ever had.  My friend and I decided to order different things from the prix fix menu and share so we could sample as much as possible. For the first course we ordered the Chef Starter which was a crostini with manchego, croquette, and roasted pepper, everything on the plate was enjoyable. We also ordered the salad with goat cheese, candied nuts, and beets, which was also fantastic. For our entrees we chose the flat iron steak which was cooked perfectly over a flavorful polenta, and the European seabass which had a sweet and savory sauce, both were amazing! Finally for dessert: chocolate mousse and marscapone ice cream. The chocolate mousse was very rich and fluffy and came with a chocolate truffle, and a fried donut, and the mascarpone ice cream was rich and delightful.   The only downside to our meal was that everything was served at a very slow pace. I was kind of expecting it since they were so busy, and it was restaurant week. Our server checked in with us many times to let us know what was going on, but it would've have been nicer if they were better prepared for the volume of customers. I will still definitely return without the restaurant week price, as the food, drinks, and service were awesome.
4 Perfect place for date night on the patio.  Food was delicious especially the Barratta and the Lamb.     Our server, Emily, made it a particularly amazing experience.  Good food is ubiquitous but we find great service rare in Arizona.  I hope the owners recognize the value she brings to their venue.  We will definitely return and we will certainly request her section.
4 Good to see Gio's got his own place. Good cocktails w/ artisan spirits. Good burger on lunch menu. Small and you may need to get a reservation nowadays.
5 The food at Virtu is very good and the location is comfortable. The menu is short - about a half dozen starters and entrees, and 3 desserts. We tried the grilled octopus starter, the squid ink linguine with octopus and the smoked duck. All were excellent - not quite GREAT. The dessert and cocktail put us into the great category - with a grappa and grape cocktail on the front side, and a mascarpone ice cream with balsamic red figs to finish. Things developed slowly through the evening - any slower it would have been an issue. Our waitress was wonderful - the cherry on top of a wonderful and nearly great dinner. Highly recommended.
1 Made a reservation through Open Table and when my date and I arrived back in September the temp was 98 outside. Despite the fact there were open tables inside we were told that since we had not made our reservation directly with restaurant we would have to dine on patio. Major attitude in providing this news as if we were second class citizens.  Contacted their website to register our complaint. Have been ignored for two months which is why I am posting this now.
5 This is one of the BEST restaurants in town!  The food is outstanding. I grew up in France and know a little bit about food...Italian chef and owner Gio Osso is truly talented and understands exactly how a gourmet experience is executed. Brought friends and family, always a success. Squid ink linguine to die for...
4 My husband and I visited Virtu for the first time last night. Short summation: Food = 5 stars, service = 5 stars, bartender = 1 star. I like to start on a positive note first, with the food, truly amazing. My husband ordered the scallops, cooked to perfection and an excellent flavor profile. I ordered the duck, succulent medallions of meat mixed with roasted brussel sprouts. A must have, the octopus appetizer.  If you enjoy octopus, this is a great dish to start, the meat cut into hearty portions and a light char that added to the flavor.  Our server was very experienced and our water glasses always refilled.  The only reason why I would hesitate to come back, the very rude female bartender that left a bad taste in my mouth all evening. I asked if she could make a drink that was not on the menu, but, I stated if she didn't know how to make it, I was perfectly okay ordering a drink off the cocktail list. Her response, 'well if you are going to request a drink off the menu, you really should know what the specs are, it is a common drink.'  She then proceeded to look up the drink recipe on her phone.  While I'm left thinking, 'isn't it your job to make drinks??'.  My husband summed it up best, 'that's like one of my patients coming into my office with a fractured wrist, and I tell him I can't help him unless he brings in his own set of X-rays'. We decide to laugh it off, everybody has an off night, right?  But as she sets my drink before me, she goes on further to say it took her five minutes to look it up, because their internet service is slow in the building, and she only filled up my drink half way, because she followed the specs on a recipe off the internet.  Unacceptable!  We are not to blame for your poor internet service. And, if you are only going to fill my drink half way, then shouldn't you charge me appropriately?  End of day, if you want good food, certainly this is a place to frequent. If you want an uncomfortable atmosphere, sit at the bar. Please train the female bartender on how to make drinks and proper behavior, and you will have a loyal following.
5 Really nice staff and super delicious food. Needed breakfast to go before they opened, didn't know and walked in, they took my order. Best toast and fruit! This isn't your mommas toast!! Well maybe your mommas but not mine... Wonder bread anyone? Def not! Someone tell me what they do to their raspberries because raspberries I buy never taste like that. Really appreciated the service and the coffee was freshly ground from an espresso machine. Menu looks killer. Will be back for dinner and a bottle of wine soon!!! Interior decor is clean, simple and elegant.
4 I made a dinner reservation but when we got there our table wasn't ready. That was weird. The food was very good and I enjoyed the presentation when our food was brought to us. The waiter took time to explain our dishes to us and made sure everything was satisfactory. The restaurant started getting busy so towards the end of our meal the service became neglected. Overall the evening was very enjoyable. I would like to go back again.
5 This is the best new restaurant that I've been to in 2014.  The decor, service and food are all excellent.  I sat at the bar and really enjoyed talking with Dante the bartender.  He was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had the grilled asparagus appetizer and it was delicious with egg, feta and bacon candy.  My second dish was their signature grilled Spanish octopus.  This was presented beautifully and tasted wonderful.  The octopus was more tender than any I've ever eaten and seasoned perfectly.  I can't wait to come back for another meal and try their desserts.
5 An amazing meal. I started off with asparagus, topped with an egg, candied bacon, feta cheese, hollandaise sauce and truffle oil. It was de-lic-i-ous! My husband had grilled octopus with a chili sauce- he said the 'pus was tender and tasty. I then had the squid ink pasta with octopus - yum! And my husband had the Bronzino; he said the skin was crispy while the fish was still soft and tender. Dessert was a dual creme brûlée: one white choc and one semi-sweet choc with three choc truffles and salted caramel. Are you drooling yet? The service was friendly and efficient. The meal was well paced. Highly recommended.
5 For some reason I'm in the neighborhood often and it took me this long to finally give it a try.   Some of the most well executed food I've had in a while.  Cocktails are refreshing and the food is well executed. It's a little bit of a cross between Lons at Hermosa with Crudo.   Adorable patio dining (not a huge place so not great for a work HH,) but romantic and a nice change of pace from the rest of the south Scottsdale scene.   Service is impeccable.  Attentive without being obtrusive.  A must try and a welcome entry into the food scene.
5 NOT a CHAIN RESTAURANT!!!  Amazing Unique Food! Stellar Service! Fabulous Bar & Wine Service. Try the Grilled Asparagus with Candied Bacon! Delish! We also ordered the Grilled Octopus with Chick Peas and Lemon which has a unique layer of flavors and brightness. We tried the Squid Ink Pasta and Seared Scallops and couldnt believe the flavors that the charming and polite Chef Gio can incorporate into these marvelous dishes! Afterwards we tried every single dessert on the menu, courtesy of Chef Gio. (Not sure how we got so lucky that night!!)  I honestly couldnt choose a favorite because they were all so delicious! They were definitely worth the calories! The cremes and cakes and ice creams were probably the best I have ever tasted in any of my travels. Would I go back? In a heartbeat! This is hands down the best restaurant in the state!
3 I have been hearing a lot about this cozy spot, voted one of the "Best New Restaurants in America" by Esquire magazine.  That's a lot to live up to, and precisely why when a reputation precedes you - expectations tend to be higher.  Virtu is located at the equally comfy Bespoke Inn, where each suite is unique and has a private patio ($249 for a night). Gourmet brunch at Virtu is included in the room rate.  Seating at Virtu is limited inside and out - with one intimate table for two outside, two tables for four, and a large community. Heat lamps are ubiquitous so you can always sit outside.  It is quite tranquil with the bubbling fountain in the courtyard, and old gnarled trees strung with lights and lanterns.  Inside the mood is more upbeat, but lighting equally conducive for romance and intimacy.   There are ten tables inside with bar seating. When we arrived at 6p on a Tuesday night, a few tables were occupied - we were the only people outside.  ***BEST THING TO KNOW ABOUT VIRTU: COME EARLY FOR DINNER, NO MATTER THE DAY OF THE WEEK. BY 6:30P IT STARTS TO GET BUSY. RESERVATIONS ARE IDEAL IF COMING AT A LATER TIME. ONCE THE RESTAURANT FILLS UP, EXPECT A LONGER WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD.   Having arrived there before the rush, our appetizers came out quickly, but our one entree of house made spaghetti ordered, took nearly an hour.  By 7:30 we were handed a dessert menu, but having been there an hour and a half - we were ready to head home.  Another ten min wait to get the check...  Disclaimer: When you're pregnant and hungry you don't want to wait an hour for your food.  Pregnant and tired you don't want to sit there for twenty minutes twiddling your thumbs because your partner finished his cocktail long ago, and you already polished off your second mock tail....  So, how was the food?  Half dozen starters from Grilled Octopus (fennel, arugula, lemon chick pea, chile butter) to Grilled Asparagus (egg, feta, bacon candy, foie gras hollandaise, truffle oil).  Also Tartare Duo of Steak and Ahi Tuna, Winter Vegetable Salad, and Chef's Rillette.  Avg. price: $14  We ordered the Asparagus and Octopus. Asparagus - Six small pieces of asparagus, couple tablespoons of feta, hollandaise that does not smack or reminisce of my beloved foie, nor any truffle oil -and an over abundance of candied bacon makes it unique, but a disappointment not worth $14, for someone who loves foie and truffle.  I would have brought this up to our server, but I had already sent back the Octopus.  Octopus - tender but very charred and dry on outside, and almost cold.  Server stated it gets cold quickly, and explained effects of char grilling food (I know what char-grilling is, but come on). Long story short he offered to have the appetizer redone and it came back perfectly executed.  And yes, when it's done right I think it's probably the best dish on this menu and why everyone that has tried it, loves it so much.  Of the entrees, there are 9 of them, and average price is $30 - starting with Prosciutto Wrapped Pork Rib Chops, Scallops, Seared Ahi Tuna, Smoked Duck Breast, Seared Branzino, Squid Ink Linguini, Nieman Ranch Ribeye, and Grilled Monkfish fillet.  We tried the House made Spaghetti with Osso Bucco.  After having waited an hour for our Spaghetti, we were disappointed at the al dente style of the noodles.  Our server explained they were made with semolina flour, which are typically on the al dente side - but just not to our liking.  The sauce was great and the shredded veal   tender and flavorful - Although there was so much, and it was so rich, almost bordering on the greasy side.  It just seemed off on such a traditional dish.  It was more like having shredded pork with a side of chewy spaghetti.  When I order Osso Bucco, it's traditionally the shank with the bone in it.  So this was not what I expected, either.  When it comes to food, I am all about texture, and despite loving inventive twists and even esoteric fare, I am a traditionalist when it comes to comfort foods like Spaghetti.   So, food wise, there are too many wonderful options out there in the valley - but those that have commented on how amazing and clever the cocktails are, are right!  It is worth coming here for Happy Hour and going down the menu.  Although I merely took a small swish to sample on our visit, I could tell that the Bar Master here has a true knack for his craft.  The Nuova Bellezza $11, is a great example with Alexander Grappa, St. Germain, Cabernet Syrup, Lime Juice, and Red Grapes.  The online menu does not do the offerings justice, find a more thorough and extensive cocktail journey at the bar.  So based on the other reviews, perhaps on our visit it was an off night.  Perhaps we had too many expectations, or just did not order dishes that were an accurate reflection of Chef Gio Osso's talent.  But with a Machiavellian name for achieving excellence, I feel Virtu should have lived up to its name.
5 If you have dined at other fine Restaurants you know Virtu is certainly up with them. Virtu is a small, not the fanciest but cozy restaurant with an Old Fashioned Feel I say this because of the bar area it just looks like from another time and after dining there I know everything thing is well crafted like things used to be in the old days. I am usually a wine drinker with a fine dinner but the cocktail menu is made up of unusually well crafted with Cocktails that are made with very upscale ingredients put together for you that a mixologist creates for you in a meticulous way. The drinks are very well worth the I think it was $10-$12 but they aren't just poured in a glass and take almost as long as a food order to prepare but  they really are worth the wait!  From my experience the waitstaff seems to be very well trained and even the hostess is able to answer any question about the menu.  We started with the House Made Testa. I didn't know what Testa was so I had to ask. It's a Mix of the finest Italian Meats and head cheese sort of like a pate with Cornichon Calabrian Chili Relish and Truffle Grain mustard with some micro greens for texture. ($11)  We also had a Winter Vegetable Salad. It was Mache greens. It had a lot of attention to detail as the small cubes of squash were seasoned and had a texture that added interest to the salad. The Ice Wine Vinaigrette was unusual. ($12)  I had the Pan Seared Branzino with Sunchoke Puree and Truffled salsify crisps with Sundried Tomato Pesto. This for sure was a solid five star dinner. I've had very good branzino at other places in the valley and I also had outstanding seafood dishes in others places like Las Vegas and I can truly say this was the best Branzino dish I ever had. First of all the fish was pristine fresh and fish just taste different when it is that fresh. It was prepared absolutely perfect and the textures and all the different sauces and vegetables just went together like magic. The Crisp salsify added a very unique taste. It was all so delicate and interesting. It was a dish that couldn't bore you and just got more interesting as you dug threw it. ($28)  My husband had the Hand Made Spaghetti Pork Osso Buco. It was topped with Ricotta and Parmigiana Reggiano and Fried Basil. My husband said it was Outstanding and that's the kind of dish he likes and eats that kind of dish often when we go out to nice places. ($19)  It was very hard to decide on dessert since they all sounded very interesting but we went with the Nutella Chèvre Cheese Cake with a Pretzel Crust. It was very perfect with flavors and wasn't too sweet with a not too heavy creamy texture. I liked the special candied hazelnut that came with it. ($12)  There is a reason Virtu was voted one of the "Best New Restaurants in America" by Esquire Magazine, it's because they are.
2 I was not impressed with the restaurant or the staff.  The atmosphere, service, and food quality really does not demand the price they are charging.  Drinks are really overpriced as well.  The runner got confused with our orders and yelled at me for confusing the waiter and "handing " the plate to the correct person at our table.  The Lamb was delicious.  That was the most noteable portion of the evening.
2 nO NO nO NO nO  I bet you thought that read ho no oh no oh no huh? The mind is weird.  This place has very poor service and charges a lot for food that is very much lacking. The service though is what really killed it. They gave us 1 server for 12 people! WTF?   The Lambshank was pretty good though.  That being said there is absolutely no reason to go to a place like this in a town full of amazing restaurants that have decent service and actually care that you are there.
4 I like that this place isn't too stuffy or take themselves too seriously. I enjoyed our cocktails, great wine list by the glass, and excellent seafood. Dessert was tasty too, but for a key lime type dessert (served in a cute little glass jar), but it was too warm and the texture was a bit slimy. All things considered, I would revisit next time I'm in town and would recommend to others.
3 I don't get what Howard Seitfel sees in this place. It was fine, but below other restaurants in the valley that aspire to this level. My co-worker found the grilled octopus to be disappointing and below Talavera's (given his extensive time in Portugal I'm inclined to trust his judgment). My fish meal was not noticably better than Wildfish or Olive + Ivy.  Ambience is strange, sandwiched in a motel's courtyard. Service was indifferent and the meal dragged. Maybe that negatively influenced my view....   Relatedly, who is this Esquire critic?  CPH wasn't that great either...
4 I'm not a foodie but I have a good friend who is a foodie and he insisted that we come here because I had to try it and he was paying.  That sealed the deal for me (when you see their prices on the menu you'll understand).  As it turns out I only had an appetizer and a drink (long, uninteresting story that has nothing to do with the restaurant).  But, what an appetizer!  We don't have a lot of octopuses (is that a cool word or what?) in the desert so you get one when you have the chance.  Virtu's grilled octopus with chickpeas is served with chili butter. There's a bit of a char but they are very tender.  My foodie friend insisted that I have their Let The Beet In cocktail along with the octopus because it complemented the dish (I told you he was a foodie). I guess he's right and frankly it's not the type of drink I would have ordered on my own.  It's made with salted beet syrup (I didn't know there was such a thing) with aquavit, mezcal and lime juice. It was very good.  Service was excellent and when it turned out we had to leave abruptly they were very gracious and understanding. I'll be back for a main course some day.
5 Very cool restaurant from start to finish.  I went for my anniversary, drank and ate too much, and I am already looking forward to my next birthday/anniversary/special occasion to go back!  I started off with a cocktail and moved into a red wine as the food started to arrive.  It is evident that the menu is well thought out and is deliberately crafted to eliminate indecision while offering a wide array of choices.   The plates come out as works of art that taste as good as they look.  I started with the truffled steak tartare and my wife with the burrata.  Truffle was not overwhelming but present, followed by the mushroom cream sauce laced with capers and finished with the delicious tartare.  A must for those considering a steak tartare!  The burrata also amazing, individual ingredients are amazng but when combined, watch out, outrageous.    After finishing appetizers came time for entrees, I the squid ink linguine and my wife the duck breast.  These were both well crafted and cooked to perfection all around.  Duck was well matched by the kale and tabouleh.  The linguine, perfection for those who would appreciate a squid ink linguine, deep flavor throughout, lightened up by fresh cherry tomatoes and white wine sauce.  The dish also includes a grilled octopus which was a plus as I did not opt for the octopus appetizer, despite wanting to, and a very tasty linguica sausage.  (America would be a better place with a little more linguica)...   Finished with a PB&J desert which was over the top, too much to eat in one sitting and as a result I am very much so looking forward to an excellent lunch as well!! We took or time and felt very welcome for the duration.  More places need to be like Virtu.
4 As other reviewers have said, the grilled octopus appetizer is very good. I also had the seared branzino entree and it was very good, too. Although the food was cooked well, the presentation of the dishes was a little bit over complicated for my taste. Every dish had a nest of a crispy fried garnish on it. I'm a little bit of a purist about quality ingredients like those used at Virtu; my philosophy is to "Keep It Simple, Stupid". The service, while knowledgable and accommodating, was quite slow; my dinner companions grew frustrated by the pace. I enjoy leisurely dining, though, so it was fine to me. The cocktails are definitely worth trying. I had a Let the Beet Drop and a Johnny Ringo's Epitaph, and both were unique and delicious. I'm torn here; while I definitely enjoyed my meal, I think I would have enjoyed simply grilled octopus and seared branzino even more at a number of different excellent Greek tavernas that I know.
3 I wanted to love Virtu and give it the 5 stars I heard it deserved. At best, I give it a 3.5.   1) wine list is not very deep. They play up their hand crafted cocktails, but their wine list is disappointing.  2) service was pretty disappointing on a weekend. Flat out disappointing.  3) octopus- fantastic.  4) main dishes: duck/steak- I love culinary flavor, however, the flavor profiles were not prepared in a way that I would describe as life changing.  I saw pictures, and think I need to give it another shot. I will return- and hopefully have a better report.
5 Gio has hit this out of the ballpark. The interior is impeccable, the setting is quaint and ideal for a restaurant of this caliber. Make a reso for dinner!  Enjoy the brunch ASAP!  While the wine list is limited and the food has a different approach that is precisely why you come here- step outside of our comfort zone of favorite foods and expand our horizons. The mixology is magical and the cuisine is dependably creative.
5 I have been here twice - once for dinner and once for brunch, which they serve everyday. This place is phenomenal! They have delicious and unique cocktails - I had an earthy beet one at dinner and an orange one with egg whites at brunch that tasted like an Orange Julius. You must try something different off the cocktail menu.   At brunch, their crepes or a different take on a Benedict is a must have. The crepe is huge! We had one stuffed with ham and topped with a poached egg - heavenly! For dinner, the grilled octopus is incredible. Believe me, I was never going to eat octopus in my life. Until I saw this on a friend's plate and begged for a bite. Too many of the appetizers sounded good, so I just had 2 of those and no entree. The arincini were really good, but the asparagus with the poached egg, feta and candied bacon was literally the most delicious thing I have ever eaten!! The affogato was the perfect ending - not too heavy or overly sweet.  Okay, I gotta go get dressed and go back right now and try another cocktail and something else amazing off the ever changing menu...
2 With all the hype about this place we had to try it for brunch with the full intention of returning for dinner.  Nestled into this wonderful boutique hotel we were expecting a 5 star brunch.  What we got were two dishes that were bland and aesthetically unpleasing.  Both dishes were highly recommended by our server who BTW was equally as bland.  Nothing special here.  Over rated and overpriced.
5 My husband and I flew in from San Francisco for an extended weekend trip to visit some friends in Scottsdale and Phoenix, and were recommended to try Virtu. I must say I have been to hundreds of restaurants across the globe and have never given a 5-star rating but Virtu is special and worth a 5-star restaurant for their food and service. Their mixtologist, Bobby, prepared wonderful cocktails for our friends and a tasty Moscow Mules in the copper mug for me.  We started with grilled octopus | fennel | arugula | lemon chick peas | calabrese chile butter and truffled steak tartare | porcini crema | crispy capers | quail egg | grilled naan bread. Oh la la.. We also ordered the following dishes for main course, and they were perfect. *prosciutto wrapped pork rib chop | mustard greens & beans | bacon | crispy leeks | bourbon demi *pan seared scallops | butternut squash | bacon & caramelized onion | white chocolate beurre blanc, * smoked duck breast | cashew tabouleh | moroccan spiced beech mushrooms | crispy kale | cherry demi and *grilled flat iron | roasted garlic broccolini | blistered fresno chiles | purple potato frittes | demi   We paired the food with two bottles of wines - Baberra from Italy and Malbec from Argentina and they were wonderful. We had a chance to speak with the wine manager, and he was extremely knowledgeable.  We hope they would carry a great German Riesling next time.   I cannot wait to come back and try the pan seared branzino | calabrese peperonata | crispy leeks | amaro reduction.  It may worth a weekend getaway trip to try this dish.   Our friends and us loved everything about this quaint restaurant, and would definitely come back again.
5 What an amazing night! Myself and my wife celebrated our 1 year anniversary here and what a great choice. My wife loves a new menu experience and Virtu has that plus amazing drinks. Great BandB and awesome ambience.
5 My husband and I decided to check out the new kid in town that has been getting so much of attention on media, excitement from our friends and a nod from James Beard. We got there early and were blown away by the pretty courtyard with lovely lanterns and pleasing plants all over.  We sat at the bar waiting for our table and had the most interesting conversation about bitters and how to make them from scratch  with Dante- a charming bartender. I had their version of the old fashioned and hubby tried their Moroccan mojito. Both were just out of this world! After we were seated outside in the pretty courtyard, we decided to challenge the chef by sending word that we were vegetarians and we liked spicy food. Again, we were blown away. The burrata and spring salad had a major kick to it. And our main course- couscous and roasted vegetables bursting with flavors and textures left us quiet and in a trance for the rest of the dinner.  We are certainly coming back. Can't wait to exchange secret ingredient notes with Dante and challenge the talented chef all over again.
5 A Manhattan cocktail typically has three ingredients. Virtu's has about thirty.  The list of ingredients read like a mystery novel, where the next ingredient was even more curious than the previous. I tried one out of pure, morbid curiosity. I was richly rewarded for the decision. There were so many flavors in this cocktail, my taste buds practically overdosed.  Virtu also features Menabrea beer, or more specifically, Menabrea Amber. If you've never had one, I strongly recommend it. This hard to find Italian IPA will pair beautifully with any meal, as if it was a fine wine. It's that good.  From the appetizers to desert, Virtu was delightful. The service, even better, making this restaurant every bit of five stars.  Grilled octopus, Branzino, and a custard-like desert were chart toppers.   I read some reviewers complain about the wine list being too abbreviated, the prices too high, and the meal selections limited. These are people who should not be Yelping since they're all very clearly full 'o shit.  Virtu is one of the few restaurants where the price is truly on par with the food. The service, adorns the food and drink experience like an expensive fashion accessory. And the ambiance whisks you away to Tuscany for the ninety minutes you're there.  I wasn't going to do this, write a review this favorable for fear I'll never get a seat again, but that would be wrong. Virtu deserves every accolade it gets. They've earned it.   At least me and the James Beard nomination committee think so anyway.
5 This place is amazing. It's right off the main drag of old towne. It's a small restaurant that has both indoor and outdoor seating. The service is wonderful and the food is phenomenal. We tried the duck, octopus, asparagus and scallops! It was all amazing. The portions are perfect size and for desert we had the rocky road flourless. Which is so chocolatey and delicious!  I will be back for sure to try something completely different. I must try everything on their menu!
2 We sat on the patio and it's really an attractive looking spot. Romantic and cute. The appetizer was delicious, our cocktails were strong and tasty, and my entree (the flank steak) was pretty solid. I wouldn't say amazing. I probably wouldn't order it again. But, for that moment in time, it did what it needed to do.  My only complaint? It's a weird one. I kept getting hit by water. I was very confused for the first ten minutes. I kept telling my girlfriend that it was raining and she thought I was crazy. At one one point a giant drop hit my right hand, and she saw it happen (thank god.) The waiter, walking by me, must have overheard me say something about it and he causally mentioned, as he continued to briskly walk by our table, "there's a pool on the roof."  The couple next to us suddenly piped up, and told us that they too had been getting sprinkled with pool water all night.  When the pool water hit my dinner plate, I started to wonder, "why aren't they telling people about this?" I mean look, it's one thing to have a pool above your customers that's drizzling on them. It's another to ask "inside or outside" without casually mentioning, "oh, the front row is in the Shamu splash zone." Just tell people, Virtù! That way we can make an informed decision.
5 The layers of flavor and texture here are exquisite. Someone who gets all of the subtleties of food and delights in entertaining your senses is in charge of the menu. Barrata, branzino and berries with lemon cream. Don't miss it. Drink magicians, the Ice Queen, have it. The only great octopus ever prepared.
5 This place is such a lovely gem in old town Scottsdale. We sat on their shaded patio and had the classic crepe and a chocolate scone for breakfast. Enough for 2 people and delicious! Our server, Ana, was fabulous. This is my new favorite brunch spot. And I also must mention that the ambiance is amazing.
5 The husband and I went here for restaurant week last Friday and I must say that I was very impressed. I have been wanting to try this place for a long time, so when I saw their menu for RW I made a reservation right away. We started with a complimentary cocktail (mango sorbet in prosecco) and it was very tasty and refreshing. For appetizers, the husband got the lamb polpette with feta sauce... so delicious.. these little meatballs were packed with flavor, and I got the octopus panzanella. Now, I have had octopus before and didn't care for it, but I wanted to give it another chance. This was very good. The sauce they served it with and the herbs were wonderful! My only issue with the dish was that the bread was really tough and hard to cut (I ended up tearing it with my hands... not very lady like, but you gotta do what you gotta do). This octopus was far better than the first time I had tried it... I still don't think I am an octopus lover, but I did like it. For entrees, the husband got the pork chop and I had the steak. The pork chop was huge... I mean super huge. It was also tasty. He said it was was the best pork chop he'd ever had and, to quote him, it was 'comfort food elevated.' The steak was perfectly cooked and the chimichurri was delicious... very bright and herbacious. It came with a potato hash of sorts with a duck egg on top, cheese curds, and gravy.... sort of like a poutine. It was also amazingly delicious, but so rich I couldn't eat it all. For dessert we split the peanut butter and chocolate cake and the mascarpone ice cream with figs... the chocolate cake was a little on the dry side for me, but the ice cream was incredible... would eat that over and over! We also had coffee, and, though it was very good coffee, I wish we had gotten a refill.  I would definitely like to come back here again.    PS the service here was perfect, attentive, friendly, but not invasive... just great.    PPS you can tell how fancy a restaurant is by how many words in the review are underlined in red because the computer thinks they're spelled wrong... this place is pretty fancy :-P
5 Ate here last weekend for restaurant week. Overall, great meal. Honestly I think this should be about a 4.5 star place (yelp gets it right) but they try hard and put out some great food. We came with a group and ordered one of all the apps (loved the burratta) and we shared a bunch of entrees. Stand out we're the octopus and the brandzino.   The cocktails I had (something that tasted like an old fashion with a bit extra cherry) was so good I had to drink 4 of them.  Only downside at all was one plate that we sent back (the panzenella) because the bread in the dish was so hard it could have broken teeth. They replaced it quickly and it was delicious. Can't wait to go back to try the full menu.
5 One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale! They always change the menu up and have the perfect pairings.
5 I really wanted to give this place one star (it'd be a lie) just to keep people from wanting to come here, that way I'd have it all to myself.  This place is truly a gem.  Food was interesting and delicious.  Service was impeccable.  Good job virtu!
1 Served me an extremely undercooked steak. If you can't even cook a steak you have no chance of gaining me as a fan.
5 Came here for brunch and it was astonishing! Their menu contains items you probably won't see anywhere else. Their eggs benidict comes with a unique twist and the Nutella crepe-- absolutely delicious
4 Beautiful dining room hidden in Old Town Scottsdale.  We made a reservation and scored an outdoor table on a lovely May evening.  It was the perfect night to sit outside and enjoy an amazing meal.  My husband and I shared the grilled octopus to start - fresh, flavorful and inventive.  I tried the duck for my entree and it was perfectly prepared...a little sweet with the cherry demi and a little savory with the mushrooms and kale.  This place is a must stop on your culinary tour of the Valley.
5 Went for lunch with a colleague and had an amazing experience.   I had the smoked duck sandwich and the pink peppercorn peach cobbler for dessert.   Both were well balanced!  The depth of flavor had my taste buds singing. I looked at the dinner menu and I have to say I wish I could go back for the pan seared scallops.    However I will be back to enjoy the flavors that this gem is producing!
