5 Very excited about the opening of ChopShop today in Tempe, as it is very close to my office.   I stopped in for lunch and picked up a Kale Caesar Salad. For those of you who wonder what Chop Shop is: Its not really meat (The name and logo are deceiving). Its all of the organic good-for-you salads, juices and sandwiches with a  good-for-you feel like True Foods. Some of my favorites include the Beet salad, and Power Green juice (with kale, cucumber, ginger, parsley)... They even have Protein shakes...if you are into that sort of thing (which around the ASU campus- me thinks they will have a customer base). But yes.... there is meat. You can add on chicken, steak or shrimp (or tofu) to any entre or item.  Parking is around back. I believe its the site of the old Dos Gringos.  Enjoy!
5 Love the Chop Shop and am so glad they opened up in Tempe. I now have a location one block from my work in Scottsdale and one block from my loft in Tempe.   Nothing beats the Tri-tip, shrimp, or tofu protein plate and a power green juice for lunch. Also, my friend swears by their grinder. Check this place out ASAP!
5 Finally a chop shop in Tempe! The set up here is adorable and they have great healthy food. They've added a few new juices to the menu which I'm excited to try. Will definitely be here all the time!
3 Chop Shop is a good healthy alternative to the rows of burgers along Mill and in the adjacent downtown area, but I couldn't help but notice that it's a bit pricey and that the sandwiches just don't land for me.  The tri-tip/mushroom/onion mix was tasty and well-prepared, but the sandwich appears to have been designed by someone who has never eaten a sandwich before. It's close to 5 or 6 inches in diameter, on this circular whole wheat psuedo-bun. The bun is tasty enough, but when they load the sandwich with a light layer of meat and veggies, the sandwich collapses in on itself like a dying star.  I ended up knife & forking it, but it was tasty at the very least. Unfortunately, there was also about an inch thick layer of arugula, which was a bit much, but that was relatively easily remedied.   I think the reason we're sitting down at 3 stars for now is because my total tab out the door with a sandwich, chips, and an iced tea was just about $15. That's a bit steep for fast-casual in my opinion, and it's not helped by House of Tricks having completely amazing, blow-you-away (though not fast or as casual) meals for about the same price for lunch.  They also advertised the bowls as including Forbidden Rice, but the rice that came out was brown rice instead. Maybe they were out or there was some confusion; that wasn't my dish so I'm not sure on that count.  I think I'll give them another shot and order a protein plate for myself, if they're able to do forbidden rice. It'd make a decent place to grab a bunch of take out for the office, and it's a much much healthier alternative to the other stuff we eat every week.   The staff was friendly, the iced tea was good, and the food was pretty tasty all said and done.
5 I've driven by the Old Town location but work closer to Tempe, so we walked here for lunch today.  My friend and I split the Kale Cesar salad and the Club Sandwich and it was the perfect amount of food. Everything was super fresh and really tasty, without feeling too full at the end of the meal.  Can't wait to try for breakfast.  Also the ambiance of the place is impeccable. The interior is like falling into West Elm and every small detail is well thought out. The front patio / boccie ball area will be awesome during spring / fall.
5 LOVE the food, the shakes, the smoothies!  This is the new sister location to the one in Scottsdale. The staff are friendly, the ingredients fresh, and the wifi strong. Ah - and the coffee is well-made and tasty. Fresh organic fruit and vegetables, lots of healthy salad and sandwich and breakfast choices. My new PHX favorite!
4 Just tried this place for lunch today, and this is definitely a place that I'm eager to talk about.  The decor is fresh and clever, and you can tell they put a lot of time and thought into making it look interesting and approachable. They win a big thumbs up in  cleanliness and decor categories. I would very much enjoy bringing friends here for lunch. (Cute little details, like the purse hangers on each table, and a fresh daisy made our meal even more enjoyable.)  For lunch I tried the shrimp and sweet potato hash protein bowl. The hash was incredible, I highly recommend trying it. The shrimp was very good too, but the thing that I loved was that they didn't just give me 4 shrimpy pieces - my bowl was full of shrimp and veggies. An ideal meal!  I ordered one of the fresh lemonades, and it was kinda good, but I found it lacking in a bit of flavor, plus it was super-sour.   Overall a great place that's off the beaten Mill Ave path, a good place to bring friends, or clients, and a menu that includes tons of healthy options. Can't wait to go back to try the smoothies, and their breakfast menu!
3 Every time i've been in the place for lunch its packed! The inside seating is very limited small area so not good for group lunches unless your getting it togo. Very popular place for those working at and around ASU. Nice patio for outdoor seating in the cooler months. The food is good;, i've tried the beef Grilled tri-tip was a little messy ended up using a fork/knife & the Club had a good amount of turkey and bacon, not a fan of the pesto spread so i always have them leave that off. Each sandwich comes w a small side salad w dressing. They also serve breakfast which i haven't tried but heard its good. Place is great for those who like to eat healthy and are looking for an alternative to fast food, not so much for the burger and fries type.  Its a little pricey especially if you add a lemonade or one of their juices w your meal you would be paying close to $20 for lunch per person. Only rating it 3 stars for its value.
4 Went here for the first time today. I was excited to see a new healthy option open up in Tempe. Easy to find parking in the summer, but during the regular school year it may be difficult.  First I'd like to say that the place is very cute. It's well designed and has a comfortable atmosphere. The place smells amazing when you walk in because of all the juicing going on.  There were a lot of good choices on the menu. I ordered the chicken and kale sandwich as a wrap and a small vanilla iced latte.  The sandwich was good, but a little different than I expected. It was a warm sandwich with melted cheese and sort of tasted like a Caesar wrap. It was big and came with a small side salad. Too much food for me for lunch; it could probably be split between two people. I had barely any kale in mine and would prefer to see a higher kale to romaine ratio.   The latte was very strong and sweet. I think too much vanilla not enough milk (I think they use non-fat). I topped it off with some cream and it was better, but if you are someone who likes a milkier latte you may want to tell them that when you order.  Overall I think the food here is fresh and pretty healthy. I will definitely be back to try more.  Also...it can get very busy at noon, so go a little early or late for lunch to avoid the line. I was there at 12:10 and the line was wrapped around the place, but before I even got my food the line was completely gone.
4 Boyfriend and I really enjoyed our experience at Chop Shop. We came for a late lunch on Friday and it was about half full indoors. I ordered a tofu teriyaki protein bowl, boyfriend got the chicken prosciutto sandwich at the recommendation of the young woman at the cash register. $23 for the two meals and two lemonades.   We waited about 15 minutes for our food, but passed the time with the free magazines they have to read. The tofu bowl was excellent; the teriyaki sauce had a subtle spiciness and I really enjoyed the forbidden rice and roasted vegetables. Large portions, too! Boyfriend liked his chicken prosciutto sandwich ("I'm full but I can't stop eating, it's too good").  As a side note, they were having problems with the music. It sounded like a CD was skipping? Lasted the duration of our lunch. I would rather have no music than intermittent music.  We're excited to come back to try breakfast. I'm just afraid of how packed it will be when school begins next week!
1 Waited over 45 min for a shake when they weren't even busy. Terrible service but good food.
1 Three strikes, you're out!   Ok so really it's like 4 strikes...but 3 sounds better :-).  Summary:  Is the Food good? Yes. Not amazing but good.  Is the Service good? No; it's horrible. Are the People nice? Yes, absolutely the people who work there are very nice.   But ultimately they can't run their business as-is. ASU school hasn't even started. They're in for a rude awakening.   Novel:  The first time I went in I was so excited to see the new location and had a very good experience.   Strike 1) However, the second time I went in, my friend and I waited 20min in line to order and then another 40min for our meal to come out. No joke. Since we were on lunch break we had to ask for it to-go. The manager was sweet and very apologetic and offered our next meal for free. That was very nice but unfortunately, Strike Two was on its way.  Strike 2) I have some food intolerance's so I frequently ask for no cheese and whatever sauce or dressing on the side. This was no exception here. However when I returned to my office to open my impromptu To-Go Meal, it was the meal I ordered, per se, but missing 5 of the other ingredients. So basically I waited 60min for arugula and meat with a slice of apple. Yum.   Strike 3) A week later, I decided to call-in an order... I wanted to avoid the long wait again. When they answered they immediately put me on hold...FOR 16 min!! Wait, it gets better. They never picked up the phone again. I was so pissed, so I decided I would still drive there and hopefully speak to the manager. I wanted to show him that I Was Still On Hold when I walked in. Ha, which believe it or not leads me to Strike Four.  Strike 4) When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised that there was not the usual long line of people so I hesitated and almost hung up my phone; I honestly started feeling bad about wanting to show him their bad service, yet again. But right then; yes at that very moment, the girl in front of me said "They're closing the kitchen. They're no longer serving food". It was 12:30 in the afternoon. wtf? I confirmed with the cashier. The rest is history here on Yelp.   Hopefully in a year they are still in business. And if so, I may try again. They deserve to prosper but they have to get their sh*t together first. I really enjoy their food but loathe their customer service and efficiency.
5 I'm a regular at chopshop on Scottsdale road and finally got in to the Tempe location.   Awesome atmosphere and great service. Not to mention the food and drink are always on par and a healthy alternative to pretty much anything else in the area.  Huge fan of there classic club sandwich and hear amazing things about their protein plates.   Perks: giant chess board, cool inside dining, and geographically desirable location   Tempe's #1 lunch spot
4 I'm so happy to have a healthy restaurant option close to home. A girl can't eat donuts all the time, you know.   The boyfriend and I went to Chop Shop on a weeknight. The place itself is super cute and when the weather is nice they have lots of outdoor seating.  I ordered the chicken prosciutto sandwich and he ordered a tri-tip bowl with sweet potato hash. First of all, the portions were really big. We both only finished half of our meal and had the leftovers for lunch the next day. So it's not cheap food but if you consider you're getting two meals out of it then it's actually pretty awesome.  My sandwich was really good. The chicken wasn't dry, the arugula was fresh and there was plenty of fig spread (yum). The bread was also tasty and fresh.  Boyfriend really liked his tri-tip bowl, the sweet potatoes were a nice alternative option to the rice.  I can't wait to go back and try one of their salads. I think this is definitely going to become a new regular place for dinner.  Tip - there are a few parking spots in back so you don't have to pay at a meter.
4 Was looking for something healthy to eat before class and decided to try this place for the first time. Nice relaxed atmosphere, and it was pretty busy at the time, the 7-8 dollar price tag for a sandwich was a tad steep but when I got the sandwich it was HUGE! Good value and good atmosphere, ill be back!
4 Oh Chop Shop, where should I start with you?  It was disgustingly hot when I came to check this place out so outdoor sitting was a 'no', but the giant chess set seemed like a rather fun decoration.  The inside decor is pretty much of the same aesthetic. Fun, cute, and even a bit of country hipster. Yeah, I'll let you wrap your head around that. I don't know what it's like over at Scottsdale location, but I hope it's not as cramped. There was a good amount of seating but the frat guy behind me who had no regard that I was sitting right behind him, yeah that ruined the experience a bit.  Apparently my friend who had visited beforehand said this is a very popular location for fraternities and sororities. The fact that there was ample seating at all when we came was something of pure luck.   Moving onto what really matters though. The food. I ordered the American as a wrap and had the Kale Cleanse as a drink.  The American was really good. Very fresh in ingredients. My friend had ordered the grinder as a regular sandwich. After seeing hers, I'm glad I chose the wrap option simply because it's easier to grab and eat. It also came with a salad, but considering how much veggies they stuff in the wrap already, it was a bit bland. Or maybe that was due to the lack of dressing. I like vinaigrettes and all, but I'd also like to taste them in more than just one bite.  Now the kale cleanse was recommended to me. It sounded pretty healthy and was advertised as sweet. I found it more acidic, but I could taste the sweetness and the hints of kale. Only downside is the cost. I too can blend vegetables and fruits so the price isn't a great deal but, I'm lazy so I suppose I'll be willing to pay it in the future.
3 Love the feel here. It's noon right now and the sun is not directly above me. The church next door does a great job blocking the sun but there are still many areas of light so everything is beautiful outside! Live the home feeling here. The healthy food options is amazing. Love the menu and how cute and well put together everything is. I ordered the muscle malt protein shake. Yum. Also BBQ chicken salad. Delicious. The bowls they give you are recycled and everything just feels better here. Did not bring my computer to test to wifi and work a little but will next time!  Update: don't know why I keep coming here. They are very disorganized with bringing out food at the same time. Waited an extra 20 mins to get my drink, while the rest of my party was served and other tables too. Their beer salad also has different dressing than the one in scottsdale. Not sure if that's intentional or not...
5 good everything.  don't be fat.  eat here.
3 This has been my second trip to Chopshop, and I will probably be coming back.  The first time I came in, I ordered one of their fresh juices. My juice came fairly quickly, even though they had a line across their tiny dining room. For five dollars the portion was totally generous, and the juice itself was very fresh and tasted absolutely delicious. I was extremely impressed, and I couldn't wait to come back.  Today was my second visit, however I was much less thrilled with my experience this time. I decided to try one of their iced lattes, and I was expecting something of the same quality as the juice I had prior. The girl who took my order seemed totally aloof, I asked her how her day was going and the interaction was just awkward. After ordering my latte she did not ask me what kind of milk I wanted, and I didn't think to mention it. My latte came quickly, however, I'm certain they used skim milk or something else sacrilegious in my drink. It was horrible. Absolutely horrible.  I still have faith in Chopshop, although next time I am definitely not ordering a milk based coffee drink from them. Their location is prime and their patio is perfect. Wi-Fi is totally reliable. I would absolutely recommend you stop by.
5 Had the Kale Caesar  with shrimp, greens were so fresh sand shrimp was seasoned just right. It was delicious.   I'm giving this place 5 stars because how many other places can a grab something to eat in 5 mins for $10 that is not fried, full of sugar or carbs or doesn't contain meat that I don't eat ? (pescitarian).  In addition to eating a healthy, filling and delicious meal I had a blast playing chess on their life sized chess set for 2 hours. This place is awesome and I will become the duke!
4 This was my first time at ChopHouse and I will definitely be going back. It has a darling, modern, cozy vibe about it. The patio is my favorite part-- complete with globe lights, chairs, umbrellas, a fireplace, and giant chess! The inside is decorated just as well; think urban country, or shabby hipster chic. And, get this ladies and gentleman: each table has a PURSE HANGER on the side of it. Why yes, that was an incredibly nice touch, indeed. Though, I'm glad my purse wasn't particularly heavy, for fear that it would have taken the table down.  Each of the three employees we spoke with were very friendly and accommodating. One even gave me some recommendations about the menu since I hadn't been in before. Also, the men's denim shirts are a rad choice as a uniform. *thumbs up for all around styling*  Initially I ordered a small Green Glory juice-- which had kale, apple, kiwi, ginger...and something else. It was seriously so delicious that after I finished the first, I ordered a large juice to go. Of course, $10 for a 32 oz. cup of juice seemed steep, but it really was so fresh and tasty that it ended up feeling more like a meal than a beverage. So, perhaps I won't be able to come to ChopHouse everyday, but $10 for something healthy and delicious was infinitely better than the $6 I would spend on a venti sugary whatever from Starbucks. ChopHouse, you win!  I also ordered the Cheat Day Burrito (I think that was what it was called?). Eggs and avocado, with bacon and turkey with brown rice, in a wheat wrap. No tomato. YUM! The salsa that comes on the side is very flavorful too. Of course, I couldn't finish said burrito (what with all of the juice I had consumed) so I brought the leftovers home for my boyfriend, who was equally as pleased by the burrito. The juice didn't make it home.  After reading some reviews about the rushes that ChopHouse gets, I was worried that we would have to wait a long time for our food. Not the case. We arrived at the perfect time this morning, since we were the only customers inside the restaurant. Eventually, we migrated to the patio, which was also a great choice. Hello October in Arizona, right?  I can't wait to return to ChopHouse. It's inspired me to attempt juicing for myself (which may fail miserably). Thanks ChopHouse!
5 Delicious!
4 I love the ChopShop.  The salads and sandwiches are delicious, fresh and relatively inexpensive.  The downside of the location is parking, area traffic, the long line inside to order and seating.  If you're on a lunch break time crunch, you will not make it, especially if you're driving into this area.  The place is very modern, with a great upbeat, chic vibe.  It's a place you would want to meet your girlfriend for a salad or sandwich and you have time to eat and chat.  It is very fresh and has an assortment of goodies for all types of foodies.  Recommend trying it for sure... just have plenty of time!
4 The chop shop is a really cute and cozy place on university. It reminds of downtown phoenix and the bar/restaurants in that area. The food was also really good healthy and fresh. I defiantly will come here again.
5 My favorite new find in Tempe? The Original ChopShop Co!   I don't know how this place has eluded me since it's opening in February, but I found this "diamond in the rough" that is Mill Ave (amongst the bars and burger joints).The restaurant was founded on the belief that you CAN eat healthy on-the-go "without sacrificing fresh, memorable flavors or affordability" which I may have previously doubted, but after trying ChopShop I'm a BELIEVER!   After trying a refreshing fresh pressed juice last week for the first time, I was excited to  return and check out the lunch menu. The reviews on Yelp and photos just seemed too good to be true. Could such a place really exist? After trying the lunch menu, I would say yes - it's THAT good! I had the Tofu Teriyaki Bowl ($7) and a small seasonal Lemonade ($2). My friend had the Kale Caesar with Chicken ($9) and an Arnold Palmer. Both dishes were incredibly flavorful and the drinks were refreshing. The portions were quite generous and we both had leftovers for that we could look forward to for later.   In case you're wondering what Forbidden Rice is, like I was, let me share what I learned. No, they're not being cheeky by calling it "forbidden" - there is such a thing. According to LotusFoods (rice distributor), Forbidden Rice provides the richest nutritional value, providing a higher level of vitamins, minerals and fiber of any bran rice, as well as a comprehensive range of amino acids, proteins, vegetable fats and essential trace elements needed by the body. Now, you know!  As others have noted, the ambiance both inside and outside of the restaurant is relaxed, comfortable, and urban chic. The patio is the perfect lunch date spot or place to work (in the late afternoon after the lunch crowd). Can't wait to return and try the breakfast menu!
5 Since opening I have been obsessed with Chop Shop. It is located right across from campus and I find myself eating there several times a week. It is very busy so most of the time I find myself waiting in line but it is so worth it. Everything is very affordable on their menu and it is very healthy and delicious. The atmosphere is great and the employees are very friendly and helpful. I enjoy sitting on the patio when I dine in but as it is getting colder they have a great selection of seating inside also. I will recommend Chop Shop to anyone and everyone, one of my favorite places to eat without a doubt!
4 I ordered take out today before hitting the road for a long drive.  I was impressed with the wraps, it was good, especially nice to have a healthy choice.  I had the chicken and prosciutto and my Mom had the Moroccan turkey.  I liked them both.  I am a tortilla snob, so I wasn't thrilled with their's, but the fillings really made the wrap yummy.  The side salad dressing was very yummy, the greens were a little brown.  It was lunch, and kinda busy, so I can understand being overwhelmed, but the waitress was very cold.  I will for sure be back, I really want to try a protein plate.
5 Love this place!  Please open one in LA! Super healthy food in a very cool, rustic setting.  I ordered the tri tip steak bowl with black rice and veggies and they have plenty of sriracha to add :) I sat and ate my dinner on the patio, where there's about 15 tables, a deck and a giant, life size chess game.
2 I should really be writing a 5 star review. I love the food, I love the atmosphere and it's reasonably priced (for most things).  But I've several bad experiences here and have had to leave TWICE because the food took so long that I had to go to work.  And I've arrived with ample time.   The first time I came in an hour before I had to be at a work meeting and ordered some breakfast.  The Open Faced breakfast sandwich is great and I don't normally mind waiting the average 20 minutes to get my food.  But after sitting patiently on the patio for over 40 minute and my food didn't arrive I had to go inside.  I never got an answer as to what went wrong, but regardless my food wasn't even started being made and so I demanded my money back and left hungry.  The manager apologized and told me to ask for him next time and he would help me out.  I don't want hand outs, I just want my food when I order it.  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I've worked in restaurants and I know how things go.   Several times after this incident (I end up here at least twice a week some times) I have had to wait unreasonable amounts of time to get food. I've ended up having to take it to go and eat at work a few times because it took so long.   I might understand this when it's busy, but these are times when it's slow.  I've learned to not even try eating there if I have less than an hour to spend during lunch.  This morning was probably the final straw for me though. I went in with 20 minutes until I had to be at work.  (My work is a 3 minute walk from this place so it's extra convenient) There place was pretty empty with two people ordering and two people in front of my in line.  After waiting about 5 minutes or so to get up to the register I placed my order for the Jacked up PB +J shake.  It's pretty stellar. But then I waited, and waited and waited.  I watched people who ordered after me get food and drinks.  Before I knew it, it was after 10am and I was late for work.  Looking in the kitchen I saw the cook starting what might have been my order, but I was already late by this point. I didn't even have time to ask for a refund I just left.  I'll eat the $6 (which is a little over priced anyway) as a reminder not go back to this place until they can figure out how to get food out in a timely manner.  It could just be me, but I thought 20 minutes to order a smoothie would be plenty of time.  Apparently I was wrong.  I should have gone to Starbucks.
2 ChopShop Tempe, I love you, I really do.  That being said, I have a suggestion.  I live within walking distance and call in a to-go order at least once a week from this location.  It is the same issues every-single-time and it is making me want to break up with you.  I call in my order, you tell me 20 minutes, I show up 30 minutes later, pay for my order, and then no one grabs my order.  Every-single-time.  I sit there looking at my to-go order on the counter for at least 15 minutes.  Every-single-time I ask an employee to check if that is my order that has been sitting there.  The same response, every-single-time, is "no, that is for someone else," or, "I think that is for the guy outside."    Every-single-time, a man with a beard asks me what I am waiting for and when I tell him he looks at the food that is now cold on the counter and tells me, "you're all set, here is your order."  I sent my boyfriend to this location last night to pick up dinner and he returned 30 minutes later to inform me that he is never going there again and described the same issues that are mentioned above that I experience every-single-time I go there.  I am not sure if it is a laziness issue amongst the staff as much as it is just a disregard for customer service.  It is simple: we are exchanging food for money. Period. I gave you my money, now give me my delicious tofu protein bowl.  Thank you.
5 So many good things to say about this place.  Im in love with the Moroccan turkey sandwich, which has grapes and avocado and yogurt sauce on it. Its enough for two meals, but i usually eat it in one, and then need to lay down!  haha   It also comes with a little side salad.  Ive also had the Chicken protein plate with the forbidden rice. Sounds wierd and kinda scientific, but these people know how to put food together to taste delicious. The sweet potato hash is pretty good too. As for the drinks, ive had the Power Green which took a few sips to get into it. A little on the tart side, the Green Glory is really yummy.  Ive also had their Bloody Mary, and i wish they would put a few more tomatoes in it. It kinda just tasted like veggie juice with some vodka, not really bloody enough for me.  :P   That being said, I love this place and will continue to come through, its very good food.
4 I've been meaning to write about this place so here goes:  Great small restaurants with cute decors. The food is great, clean eating and tons of options that keeps you satiated. Only reason I took away one star...well the speed of the service is the only issue for me. Every time it takes so long to get my order making my lunch hour shorter in order to enjoy the deliciousness.   Try it! It's healthy AND delicious...that's a hard combo to find.  P.S. Get the slim squeeze juice to accompany that meal! It's yummy freshness in your tummy :)
3 I want so badly to give this place more stars. I love it here! The food is fresh and healthy, which is hard to come by in this town - it lacks some flavor occasionally but is overall good. I would give the food four stars. However...the reason for this review is solely because of the service. No matter how many times I come here, or who is working the service is slower than a sloth, quite actually. On more than one occasion I have ordered only a smoothie, such as this occasion. I have been sitting here for ten minutes watching people go in and out...actual food from the kitchen being taken out to the customers and still I am waiting on a simple smoothie. Is slow service like this really worth the good food? If you have all day or like your company definitely go here if you're looking for some healthy and well prepared food.  If you're hoping to avoid small talk or sitting alone for an awkward amount of time...maybe refrain. Whole foods has some good smoothies and takes all of one minute.   Update: I did in fact receive the smoothie I ordered! Woot.
3 Food comes in very generous portions and the Arnold Palmers and lemonades are amazing! My main complaint is that the dressing on the Asian salad is a bit too tasteless. Otherwise, this is a great lunch spot by campus. Be sure to be patient though because the line gets REALLY long.
2 This place has really great food which is why I come back but really terrible service which is why I'm usually annoyed/angry every time I leave. I mostly call in to go orders and 75% of the time the phone doesn't work. When I asked about it once the employees laughed and said the phone was dead. When I get to the restaurant to pick up my food (if I actually get thru on the phone) I will wait about 10 min at the pick up register without even being acknowledged. I understand if you're busy but even a "hey we'll be with you in a minute" is better than standing there awkwardly for 10 min. Last time I was in the cashier asked the manager to bring me my food, he brought my food but not my drinks and walked off so quickly I didn't have time to stop him and ask for them. Luckily another employee was actually paying attention and helped me out.  So if you like good food and can deal with bad customer service, this is the place for you!
1 I really wanted to like this place. The decor is really cute and I like the idea of it,  but I've gone three times now and every time something was wrong.  The first time: my boyfriend ordered one the chops/bowls and they put the wrong meat in it. Instead of remaking it, they picked out the wrong meat (chicken) and threw some of the correct meat (steak) on top. Anyone who works in this industry knows that is a HUGE no-no.  The second time: I ordered the parfait and they made me a smoothie.. It was good but it wasn't what I ordered. The third: I got some type of sandwich that was just awful. It had sweet potatoes in it that were not cooked at all. Crunchy and totally unappetizing.   Three strikes and you're out, I'm not going back to this place. Maybe I'll try the scottsdale location but my expectations are very, very low.
5 Delicious and healthy! I'm addicted to their tri-tip steak bowl with forbidden rice and veggies. :') So good, always huge portions but with fresh and healthy, organic ingredients. The exterior of the place is really atmosphere and cute, too, especially at night!
4 Cute place, love all of the healthier choices, and pricing seems fair. I was in the mood for a sandwich, so I went for the California Club, and it was great! I was torn between a few things, so I will be back to try more.
4 The Chop Shop is sure to be a hit in Downtown Tempe!  Nestled within a rehabbed residential home, this new eatery boasts a lot of character.  Add to this a giant outdoor eating area complete with bocci ball, a life sized chess set, outdoor fire pit, and the Chop Show is a great place to go and relax over a nice meal.  How's the food?  To put it simply, "Nuevo trendy health conscience". Their menu offers mostly healthy choices for the ladies, including fresh fruit smoothies, but there are a few manly type items like the Grinder and the Tri-Tip.  I have recommended the Chop Shop to many people, and so far, no one has been disappointed. One last thing, they are getting popular. Especially at lunch time. So, expect a short wait in line to order your food.
4 I had the Beet salad and it was delicious! My girlfriend had the Kale Ceaser and that was even better! Something about the honey-dijon dressing had me at hello. The only thing that I was dissapointed on was the service. The cashier that took my order was quite rude.
4 Today I stopped in for breakfast It's such a cute little place I got the cheat day wrap and some orange juice The wrap was really good! Lots of ham and everything else :) The orange juice had hella pulp which I love The service was great, everyone was helpful and friendly  I would like to go back and go through some of the shakes/juices
5 The Pros: -Healthy, affordable food -Generous portions -Good variety with salads, sandwiches -Flexibility with substitutions  -Customizable cold pressed juices  The Cons: -Really busy around lunch time -Placing an order for pick up can take up to 15 minutes (that is, if your call even goes through)   I have had the beet salad, kale caesar, moroccan turkey wrap, quinoa, and various juices. Typically, I spend around $15 (without tax and tip) on a salad and a juice. Sometimes with dinner, I will order a glass of wine. I don't remember being wowed by the wine, but I'm grateful that they have some to offer! It's plenty of food for me, and I feel like I can eat a ton.
5 I LOVE this place! I was so glad to hear they were putting one in right off ASU's campus, because the food in, and around campus isn't the most healthy. Although the place can get busy, the only time you have to wait is in the line, because they really are quick with bringing food out to you and not to mention the staff is so nice and helpful when your a little lost on what to get.   Mainly what I order here are the protein plates and they are SO good, my mouth is watering thinking about the chicken, beef and tofu (I'm unsure about the shrimp because I've never tried it, but lets be honest, its probably freaking amazing). Each one of those bowls have the best flavors and they are huge portions with lots of  yummy stuff in it (so you don't end up with all the grain at the end, you end up in bliss with veggies and protein of choice)!!! It's great because you pay for what you get and you can bring home the leftovers! The pressed juices are really killer too! I haven't tried one I didn't like yet, which is crazy because if you drink pressed juices, often times they are so tart and overpowering for your taste buds, but these... these are too good. My personal favorites are the Kale Cleanse and Cold Buster - don't be scared of the ginger!!   In conclusion, beware!! If you go here once you will have to come back as often as you can! I have yet to get sick of getting the same things every time!! They also sell stevia sweetened chocolate that you will buy and eat the whole thing by yourself and share none of it.
5 Such a wonderful and healthy restaurant right on ASU campus! The portions are great, the outdoor seating is so nice, and the food is always delicious. The protein bowls are a good-sized meal, and all the salads are amazing (especially the BBQ chicken....mmmm....). And the PB&J protein shake is awesome. Love coming here for Sunday brunch! (Oh, and the mimosas are a GREAT DEAL on Sundays!!! And the Bloody Mary is made with fresh juice. Oh yes.)
5 Right across the street from my grad school office, I had the pleasure of lunch here today.  This used to be a bar, I think, basically an eyesore on what should otherwise be ASU's jewel of a main drag.   Well, whoever opened this joint has their business in order.  Bustling, good service, and good food.  A bit pricey, $$ is accurate, but lunch was of very good quality!  I will gladly pay for such quality, I had the chicken & prosciutto wrap, and it did not disappoint.  Good scene, good food, right in the heart of ASU.  Get some!
4 I've only been here once but my first impression was very good. I heard that there was a patio and that the place was dog friendly so I brought my two poodle/terrier mixes. I sat in the patio and ordered inside. My dogs were pretty calm in that space even though it is right on university. There is astro turf through the entirety of the patio area with various types of seating.  I enjoyed the kale cleanse and tri-tip protein plate that ordered. Everything came out pretty fast with the exception of my drink, which lagged behind other people who ordered after me. Oh well. When it arrived it was DELICIOUS. I can't wait to try their other drinks.  I visited on a Sunday. There were a good amount of people there hanging out but I wouldn't say that the place was busy. There is also a huge chessboard and shuffle board(???) to play out on the patio. It looks like a nice place to hang out, but I wonder how crazy it gets during the week when all the students are around. I'd definitely go back during the weekends and during the breaks, as it seems like a really chill space.
5 I go to this Tempe location once a week to meet my son at ASU for lunch.  The food is absolutely fresh and amazing.  I get the raw vegetable salad and it is super healthy and a huge portion.  My son gets the Protein plates and loves them.  We love sitting on the patio area.  It is always busy, but the line goes quick and the food comes out right away.  This is a healthy choice near ASU........you won't be disappointed!
1 Eh....wife loved it.   Too hipster for me. Not much flavor.   The seating is terrible, definitely for intimate lunches. Meaning 1-2 people max.
3 Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink.  Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop.  I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful).  It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo.  I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
3 Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink.  Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop.  I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful).  It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo.  I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
5 Great service, great food. So many interesting menu items to try! Will need to go back more often. Can take a while to get served but worth the wait and the staff are so attentive. Ate the beet salad and drank the hibiscus seasonal lemonade. Recommended!
5 If you want to eat healthy then this is the best place to go. All Pressed juices are really good and the raw vegetable salad add chicken is really good
5 ChopShop is my go-to place for healthy, delicious food. Everything I've had on the menu has been great. My favorites are the protein plates with either shrimp or tri-tip and sweet potato hash. I also like the raw salad with steak. The sandwiches and juices are also really good. The Tempe location has an awesome outdoor area which is dog friendly, always a plus. I recommend calling ahead to order and picking the food up, the wait can get pretty long if you don't call ahead.
4 Ate lunch here today for the first time and enjoyed it so much! I had the kale Caesar wrap and sweet potato hash. Both were awesome. I really liked the patio atmosphere, it was a beautiful day so we chose to sit outside, the inside layout is a bit small for my taste but I guess you could just call it cozy. The outside chair I sat in was quite uncomfortable, but it's definitely not something that would deter me from going back. The only unfortunate thing that my boyfriend and I did not enjoy was the INSANELY long line we waited in, obviously we came right during the lunch rush, which is not their fault that they are so busy, but it was frustrating that there was only one register being utilized because the other was for To-Go/Pick-Up orders only. I feel like if they could add another register it would have made a huge difference. All in all, the food was amazing and even though we waited a good thirty minutes to place our order, it was delivered to us very quickly. So I will definitely be back... I'm a Chop Shop fan now!
2 Food is decent, not necessarily "good", but it's a change from the ordinary. The problem however isn't the food. Its the fact that they try to run a line of 200 people through this place at once, which doesn't work out. Takes 40 minutes to get your food because they can't figure out the line, servers, kitchen staff, cashiers, customers, all bouncing around and running into one another.   I mean, come on? Why should it take fourty minutes to wait in a line and order a sandwich?   Better off going to somewhere else with faster service...especially if you actually like to eat during your lunch hour.
5 Can't go wrong at Chop Shop! Great food every time!
5 I couldn't stop coming back here! It's mesmerizing! This little eatery is tucked behind beautiful trees and shrubs, making you feel like you're in a garden hidden away from the busy road of it's official address.  The food is great, healthy, and fresh, but don't expect to get it quickly. There's usually only 1 register working, and sometimes two, and the food is made to order. This slow and relaxed speed tends to be the lifestyle of the Shop's many patrons. (Many are lounging next to the giant chess board or under a tree reading a kindle or lounging away.)  Both times I ate here I ordered the hummus sandwich and it is the best such sandwich I've ever had. The hummus is red so I think there's red pepper blended into it, and the other veggies along with a touch of feta cheese makes this sandwich so addicting, you can't help but spoonfeed yourself the excess hummus that got squeezed out and fell on your plate. (FYI, the bread is not strong enough for you to hold and eat the sandwich. Your best bet is to fork and knife this guy.  This place also stocks kombucha, which I love, and they have lots of blended fruit/veggie drinks that everyone I was with raved about. If you're visiting ASU, this place is a must try.
4 Cute place with great pressed juices. I swear by the ColdBuster. The beet salad is also excellent. It's a nice place close to campus that's good for a relaxing lunch or dinner with friends.
5 Three easy words: TO DIE FOR.  I crave this place more than anything else.  The Moroccan Turkey sandwich is unlike anything I have ever had.  Everything tastes so wonerful and I can eat the whole thing (and it's HUGE) and I don't feel gross, bloated, or over stuffed.    The juice is also really great! If you're looking for somethign healthy and delicious, this is your place!!
5 We need more of that style of restaurant this is my favorite place so far!!The kale Cleanse is the best green fresh juice ever!please Try it
4 I've driven by the Chop Shop many of time but never had a desire to try this place. I guess I have Meghan L to thank for this one. Seen her check-in all the time and my son wanted to try it so now here I am. It's on University across from ASU but hidden right next to The Chuck Box. I call this the little house on University.   You walk through the yard gate into a yard with table all over the front yard and into a small little house. Basically, you wait in line to order your food and drinks. Seems like there is always a line. They bring your food to your table but you have to wait at the counter for your drinks. Oh yea the menu is on a huge chalk board. This is a very healthy place. Healthy drinks. Healthy food. $5 for a 16oz and $10 for a 24 oz drink. Pricey but healthy.   I ordered the Club which had sliced turkey, with lettuce, tomato, nice thick piece of bacon, provolone cheese and pesto. Big sandwich and really good. Tasty good. It also comes with a side salad. Thy serve this on a small pizza tray with paper on top. Seems like all the sandwiches comes with a side salad. I had the Slim Squeeze drink. Don't remember what was in it but a bunch of fruit. It didn't look very good but tasted pretty good for a healthy drink.   Enjoyed the meal but just sitting outside in front of University Ave with everyone else sets the atmosphere for a fun and enjoyable lunch. A little pricey for lunch. I paid $44 for three meals and three drinks.  I think I'll probably be back when I'm I the ASU area. Healthy food. Good food. Good drinks. Enjoy.
5 Amazing food order the Moroccan sandwich give it a try. I like that all their food is natural and healthy so you never feel guilty eating any of the food options
2 I would not come back to this location. I came in on a Sunday morning and it was immediately apparent they were understaffed. The cashier had no idea how to ring up the 15% checkin discount so we missed out on that completely. She also didn't seem interested in offering any kind of coupon. You could tell she was too frazzled to care.   It took them 45 minutes to make a latte. We were already done with our meal and then had to wait an extra ten minutes for our drinks.   The food was just ok. I had a balanced bowl with potato hash. The dish was so dry it was hard to chew. Nothing memorable here.
3 Wanted to try this location as I work closer to the Tempe location than the Scottsdale location. When we got there it was quite busy but they moved thru the line pretty quickly. My girlfriend and I each ordered and found a table outside to wait for our food.  She ordred the tuna salad w/lemonade and I had the beet salad w/ice tea. After about 5 minutes her sandwich came out and 15 minutes later my salad came out. She was almost finished with her food by the time my salad came out. I also noticed the two girls that shared a picnic table outside with us this was their same problem as well. I wasn't too happy that there was such a drastic time difference in the ticket times for getting our lunch. While the salad was good and I will get again I feel they need to work on getting the food out together so people can actually eat together.
3 Pricey, but nice. Its got hipster-y food (read: kale and quinoa) and a fairly nice ambiance. The employees here always seem irritated, but maybe that's just because I go at peak times.
5 Delicious food, great service, great prices! Favorite salad is the Waldorf salad.   I also really enjoy their protein shakes, great after a workout.   Location is very convenient for most ASU students but if you're coming from out of town, it's a great place to stop!
3 Love the food--kale cleanse is my favorite and the substitutes are limitless (tofu, almond milk for lattes, etc). But the staff are always grumpy, very unhelpful, and the food takes a solid 30 min to be ready; good thing there's bocce, corn hole, and chess. Try calling it in for take out if you're in a rush.
4 This shop is a very welcome addition to the Mill Ave area.  It has great food and the staff was friendly.  There's no question Mill suffers from a college-selected lack of healthy options, and this place seems to be ideal to fill that need.  It is slightly more than I usually would like to pay for a lunch, but by no means exorbitant, and my desire to see such a business succeed outweighs my trepidation at spending 7 or 8 dollars for a salad (sizable though it is).  The only things that keep me from giving it a five star is the poor layout of the interior and exterior made navigating exceedingly awkward.  The line for the counter seemed to weave between the tables, and potential space outside was used for a giant chess board and corn hole area.  While fun, I think the space could have been set up better to serve the customers who want food, rather than play novelty chess.  That said, I am sure to be back.
5 Holy wowza - deliciousness, and incredibly healthy too. Had the veggie salad with some grilled tofu added and couldn't have been happier. Fresh veggies - where do they get them??? A nice red wine vinaigrette lightly tossed about. Hubby had the turkey sandwich and it was fresh as well. Bread was a bit dry but the sammy fixin's helped with that. Service is quick and there is seating indoors and out. Busy busy Sunday mid-day and I bet when school is in, this place is really hopping. Very welcome addition to the Mill Avenue/ASU area. YUM.
5 I love this place! I always make sure to eat there whenever I'm in town. Their juices are delicious. Their Acai bowls are excellent! The staff is always very friendly! I would recommend their tuna sandwich and vegetable hummus sandwich!
2 I am sure this place has great food, and it has kind of a cool, young vibe. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu, so I asked the woman taking my order what sandwiches were the most popular. She recommended two, and I picked the one that sounded better to me. Some sort of club sandwich, not a far cry from a sandwich I would typically order, so I knew I would like this type of meal.  When the food came, the sandwich was extremely disappointing. The bread was so DRY. Not fresh or springy or anything good, it was dry and crumbly. I took about three bites, discovered that the rest of the ingredients followed suit with being disappointing.   So, I brought it back up to the counter, and told the same woman who had taken my order that I did not like the food, that it was dry, and that I wanted to take it back. She was sweet and smart and called over another woman, Im guessing a supervisor or a manager, and explained the situation. This supervisor woman clarified that I "just didn't like it" and told me that they would not be replacing my meal with something else. I said fine and just asked for a refund, which she unhappily gave me.  The thing that irks me is that they weren't willing to give me something else. So, I leave this place hungry and with a bad food experience. What incentive does this give me to go back? From the experience I had, I didn't like the food or the customer service. Not to mention, the sandwich alone cost 8 bucks. If I can go to Sprouts and get a bomb ass sandwich for $3.50, I want an 8 dollar sandwich to blow my socks off, not be a total disappointment.
3 I had the chicken protein plate which was flavorful. The vegetables were a bit soggy and not freshly roasted. Chicken was nicely prepared. The sweet potato hash saved the day. The table layout was a bit odd and process for ordering awkward. They need a bit of logistics with their design.
4 Had the Danish salad with shrimp. So delicious and fresh. Green peach iced tea was good. My friend order the same salad but they forgot to put the dressing on, which is the reason for the 4 stars. Get an Arnold Palmer with their fresh brewed iced tea and lemonade. Nice atmosphere and good prices too. I'll be back!
5 The decor was nice and quaint. Some of the tables were a bit cramped.. But the booth was just fine. I got a beet salad with chicken. It was perfect. I also had tropicale.. Which was also a yummy juice. I will continue to come here
4 I ordered the shrimp protein bowl with quinoa instead of the rice. It was good, had a red chili flavor and lots of vegetables. I added sriracha but it would've been better with more sauce.
5 Delicious and fresh food along with knowledgable and friendly staff. Small location but nicely designed and worth it sit and enjoy a salad and fabulous beverage.
4 I hope my last review wasn't too harsh. It was intended to be honest. And the fact is the Tempe location has straightened up a bit. Plus, I've had good experiences at the new Chandler location and the Old Town Scottsdale location. Did I ever mention how much I seriously love their food?! I'm recently addicted to the Acai Bowl. Yum!
4 The food here is very good.  I like the protein plates and the pressed juices.  The service is not typically great, especially around lunch time.  During the noon-1 PM hour, the place gets packed and the small size becomes even more apparent.  Good thing it is worth the wait.
5 This place is amazing! I love coming here after my classes on Fridays. It's a very nice location next to ASU and the food is delicious.  It's a healthy atmosphere and menu. Their juices are to die for! It is not too pricey but not that cheap either. Sit on the patio, enjoy your juice and play a quick jumbo chess game. Happy eatings!
5 Had the Caesar kale salad and a pressed greens juice. Excellent vibe and fresh food! Great to eat outdoors and close enough to Mill ave that it's not too far of a trek.
