5 Nicki who is the nail tech is AMAZING! I am as picky as they come for a i Client, she takes her time, does them right every time. She is a true artist making your nails looking art , I get compliments almost every day about the colors the shape!  Her prices are great too! Please see her she's amazing you won't be disappointed!
5 Becca Smith is a sweet girl from the midwest who knows how to take great care of her clients!  From the moment I stepped through the door, she was smiling and friendly and asking me if she could get me a glass of wine or champagne.  Unfortunately, I had just snuck away from work on my lunch hour to have my hair blown out for my anniversary dinner and couldn't indulge.  Danielle went to great lengths to transform my fine, limp hair into the style that they refer to as the Martini, which is a cascade of curls and waves.  She took her time to ensure that the style would stay and it did.  I will definitely be back on a regular basis to have her style me out :)  Thank you again ladies!!!
1 I bought a groupon for a manicure and pedicure and although the price was right the service was terrible!!!! Daniel was nice but did horrible work and only managed to paint about half of each nail! There was no pampering and ill have to get my nails redone because they look so bad!
1 I bought the Groupon for the gel mani/pedi 2 months ago and tried calling them at least once a week since then with no answer, ever.  Finally got ahold of them today, and the girl who answered the phone could not have been more rude. I tried to schedule something for 2 weeks out and she said they don't have availability until October 19th, but my Groupon expires on October 7th. When I explained that to her, I got no apology, no nothing. I'm only giving them one star because I can't give them zero. Terrible customer service, Scottsdale Beauty Bar.
3 I bought the Groupon for 3 gel manis/pedis. The first experience was was terrible as I had Danielle, the same person Michelle C. had and I felt the same way about the quality. I was told that Danielle is the manager, so maybe doing the mani/pedi is not her area of expertise. This was the worst/mani pedi I have ever had. She didn't paint the edges of the nails, which left a really bizarre look with the whites of my nails showing all around the edges. My gel manicure lasted about two days and gel is suppose to last two weeks! I am giving this review 3 stars because of my second experience, which really redeemed this place for me. I had Gaylee (sp?) and she was fantastic! She did one of the best gel mani/pedis I have ever had. My gel manicure lasted 3 weeks! She was professional, friendly and very competent. My advice to the owner is - don't torch your reputation as a new salon by selling inexpensive services on Groupon and then have incompetent people like Danielle perform services in which they are clearly not  trained. I would have happily given a 5 star review if I would have had someone as adept as Gaylee on my first visit.
1 I purchased the Groupon for this salon. It took several weeks for me to get an appointment that worked with my schedule. Unfortunately, I used this Groupon right before my brother's wedding and the gel mani/pedi were so awful I had to spend another $50 at another salon to have my nails fixed. The nail tech was inexperienced and it was obvious. My cuticles looked worse when I left than they did when I walked into the salon. The gel was applied too thick and began peeling off an hour after I left. I wouldn't recommend purchasing the Groupon, or going to this salon under any circumstances.
5 I went in for something completely drastic. Danielle was very friendly and sweet and attentive. She listened to what I wanted and took the time to do a great job coloring and highlighting my hair. She also fixed the cut someone else had done to my hair. I was extremely happy with the end results.
1 I wish I would of read the reviews b4 I wasted my money on a groupon.  When I was trying to book the appointment they were "so busy because of the 600+ groupons that sold" that they had no availability during the day during this week, so I agreed to forfeit the mani part so I could get the pedi done this week.  The nail tech was nice, but this was the fastest and well, not so great pedi I've ever had :(. And just in case ur wondering, I was the ONLY client in the store - not sure why it was so difficult to book an appointment - maybe bc they only have one chair??  On top of that, no one was waiting to get their nails done after my 30 minute (maybe) pedi and they didn't offer to honor the mani.  Sorry to say, but I would not recommend this salon for any nail service.
5 I have been to Scottsdale Beauty Bar 4x now for a rockstar manicure, a fabulous "Tumbler" blowout, a head full of new blonde highlights along with layers and a new cut and an airbrush tan with Glo-amorous! I absolutely LOVE this place. Next on my agenda is to get my girlfriends to go at the same time as me. The place is just adorable and perfect for a girls night out!
2 I had a mani-pedi Groupon for this place and it took several times or appointments until I finally made it.  Guess the problem was the lack of nail techs and the amount of Groupons sold, they could not keep up with the demands for appointment.  I finally made an appointment, had to reschedule for personal reasons then when I called to reconfirm my appointment, someone did not jot it down!  So another appointment was made.  The place looked okay (was sat down while waiting on a chair that was leaning forward, broken perhaps?) champagne and wine was offered yet there was something that was "off" about this salon, I couldn't quite pinpoint it.  The nail person was very nervous, going back and forth, rushing making me nervous.  She really tried her best to accommodate.  She used brand new nail file and foot scrubs which she gave to me when she was done but the rest of her equipment were sanitary questionable.  Her working area was untidy and messy, nail paint and smudges.  Needless to say,  I was "creeped" out as to how clean this place really is.  The owner was there, she was very friendly and helpful but there was a missing "link" here...  It's like they were really trying to be nice and friendly yet it was not sincere.  My mani-pedi turned out fine at least.  Their regular prices are quite high and from what I experienced here??? Nah...
5 I have been to Scottsdale Beauty 3 or 4 times now to get hair blow outs and I've always had a great experience. Becca seems to always get my hair style exactly how I envision it to be. They have a "hair happy hour" from 4-7 where the blow outs are $20 and an additional 10 for adding a hot tool, which I think is a pretty reasonable price. The salon offers a glass of wine while you're getting pampered which is a plus! They also offer braiding and organic spray tanning too which I want to try soon too. I highly recommend Scottsdale Beauty Bar
5 I've been a client of Becca's (the owner) for almost six years now- and have been regularly having appointments here since it opened.  I love Becca and her services, love the location, and love the complimentary glass of champagne!
1 I purchased a 3pack Gloamorous tanning Groupon which rents space inside the Beauty Bar. I was able to set my first appointment with little effort however have been trying for 3 weeks to get a follow up call/appointment. The Beauty Bar can't help as they just rent her the space so I am having to work with groupon to get a partial refund.       Also worth mentioning is the little amount of privacy that is afforded clients as it's done right in front of the entrance  in the corner with some thin black curtains/ perforated hinging divider that made minimal effort of separating my unclothed body to the rest of the salon.  Despite these conditions I would have returned because Teri did a good job of applying the product. I'm very bummed the customer service was so terrible.
5 "See the Change" @ Beauty Bar: What can I say? Jessica is the best! She's been doing my color and style for the last two years. From the first time I went to her, I was really impressed by how genuinely personable she was. She is always great at helping me decide what I want to do with my hair, and it always turns out better than expected. She's super fast, flexible & fun! I'm a fan & you will be, too!  Beauty Bar is a chic & cozy spot with friendly stylists & a relaxed, no-drama vibe. Love it!
5 I love salons where the owners seem to actually care about you, which is why I had a wonderful experience when I checked out the Scottsdale Beauty Bar recently after being invited for a blowout. Owner Becca Smith took care of my locks, and her passion and genuine caring for her clients was evident by the great service I received and personable banter that included making sure I was satisfied with how every strand turned out.  Becca, an ambitious young business owner who has opened several salons in the Valley, aims to make the Scottsdale Beauty Bar a one-stop shop for all things fabulous, with full hair services including color and cuts, a nail bar and tanning. The salon is cute and cozy, and the complimentary champagne you can sip while you're indulged is a nice touch.  What stood out to me most about the spot is the killer "happy hour" deal - blowouts for only $20 every day the salon is open (it's only closed Sunday's), from 4-7 p.m. Considering the salon is within walking distance of some of Old Town Scottsdale's busiest nightclubs, including Maya Day + Nightclub, that is one smoking deal. It's a great excuse to grab a girlfriend, unwind, and get a sleek and sexy hairdo before cocktails or a night on the town.  You can also get braids and extensions at Scottsdale Beauty Bar, and judging from Becca's beautiful, long hair that looked completely natural but included locks from the extension brand she uses on clients, I'd say the salon is a good spot to try.   Becca said she hopes to expand her offerings but wants to grow at a pace where she doesn't sacrifice service - if only all Valley salons had the same mentality.
