1 i decided to go to 24/7 only because it was the only nail salon open at the time i went however i had heard they did pretty good work. In my opinion, i highly disagree. They were in a rush to finish my nails and they are the WORST set of nails i have ever had. They were all tired from working doubles and didn't put in any effort to make my nails look good, they just wanted to hurry up and finish. I wouldn't recommend this salon to anyone and if your honestly just going because its open 24/7 it really isn't worth it. I would suggest to wait the next day and go somewhere else and not to mention there extremely expensive!!!!
1 Terrible experience all around.  Decided to go here because they were open late.  Unfortunately had the worst gel manicure ever. My nails were filed crooked. I pointed this out twice and my nail tech seemed not to understand. Then my French Manicure looked as though it did not have enough coats- blank spots on my nails.  I pointed this out which they fixed but still was painted on crooked.  Huge dissapointment for $40.  Also there were two stereo systems playing different music at once and a huge screen TV with some gory footage playing, which I also commented on and was ignored. Not the ambiance of a relaxing salon experience that I was expecting.  This placed sucked big time.
5 very good people, really excellent pedicure manicure. it is wonderful to have a good place to get nails done in the evenings. Wow. Cindy, Kevin and Danny are very hospitable.   I am really glad I came here.  I would recommend this place for men or women, I think you will have a good experience.
5 Amazing. Had a great manicure and pedicure. They have an option for regular or deluxe pedicure (deluxe comes with clay mask and hot atone massage). They are priced well and open late. All the staff talks to yiu and makes you feel welcome. They speak english which is a nice change of pace from the typical vegas salon. The staff has years if experience and it shows. RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE.
1 Poor service. Worst pedicure I've ever had    Along with the highest prices I've ever heard in Las Vegas. It was very offensive. I would be surprised if they make it.
1 This place has not been the same since it turned into 24/7. Glad my hair/nail lady moved.
5 I had a great manicure and pedicure. TERRESA TERRESA TERRESA!! Ask for her, she's amazing. She took her time on my pedicure and paid attention to detail. She was very friendly and I absolutely loved that she focused on completely removing all the cuticle on my nails. My nails looked great. Best nail lady ever!
1 My mom and I found this place online and decided to try it since it was the only place that claimed to be open at 8:30 am. We pull up to the place and see the open sign right next to posted business hours and the 24/7 sign and name. A man stood inside and decidedly ignored us while we discovered the business was not in fact open. We tried to ask him why they claim to be 24/7 and "open," yet we are not granted access, but he was not interested in us at all.
2 Seriously!!!  I would never ever pay $50.00 for a pedicure EVER.. Well again and I wouldn't have paid it this time NEITHER.  We asked for pricing, I stated what I wanted  and the only change i made from time of check in to done was that I now wanted french tips.  Had I wanted to spend this kind of money, i would have gone to TheBathHouse.  the other thing that puzzled me was "why, were they mopping the floor at 9 am in the morning, when the salon JUST opened"  Who really wants to be at a Salon when they are cleaning up yesterday mess.
5 in vegas working for CES and broke a nail in the middle of the day. didn't have time to fix until after my event, which was 9pm. thank god this place was open because i could not have gone longer with this poor looking nail. i have long pointy cat claws and the lady shaped it perfectly to match the others, it looks even better than the other ones. she was also really quick and it was only 5 dollars to fix the nail. i dont think they are actually open 247, they closed at midnight when i went.
1 I did not like their service at all. The guy sat me and my friend at the pedicure chairs and left us there for about 30 minutes..we wanted to leave. Then 10 minutes pass by and still no service being done. Horrible. First pedicure and my experience was horrible. The guy was on his phone while attending me.....like seriously? After he was done, he just left. Okay thank you...wasn't pleased.
1 My gf liked the job they did BUT.........  I called at 10:41pm and they said they were open.  Yes. I asked the cost of manicure & pedicure.  $35 & $25, respectively.   So we went there and While I'm waiting I started reading the yelp reviews. Uh oh!!  That's when I read all the reviews about the "bait & switch" tactics they use there.    To make a long story short.  When I asked for a total it was $120!!!!  Plus tip????  It went from $60 to $120.   Can you do zero stars??  I'd stay away if I was you.
5 Sarah Hughes does a fabulous job hair eyelash extension hair extensions makeup massage sooo reasonable cost wise and fun to be with
5 Went and had eyelash extensions by Sarah Hughes.  Sarah did an amazing job and I certainly will be back.  Everyone in this salon are independent so what happens with one will Not happen with another  person.  If you are looking for a dramatic change , a professional who knows what she is doing , and is very nice and very accommodating  then Sarah is your girl.
5 Awesome. Cindy Chau is great. Great cut, and always makes herself available. Been seeing Cindy for years now, and wouldn't go anywhere else... Unless it was to follow her if she moved.  Can't speak for the other salon services or employees, but Cindy is the best.  Personalized service, and attention to detail, Cindy is a true professional.
