5 This restaurant is on the site of the old Good Egg, but it is night and day different from that restaurant.   It is open and very pleasant which makes dinning here very enjoyable.   I haduuu the taco salad and the shell after I was done was crispy even on the bottom which means that all the excess water from the lettuce was drained off.   I had the chorizo version and it was delightful.   The portion size was ample.
4 The half-and-half was great it comes with smaller protein pancakes and I got the half Santa Fe omelet.  This is the old Good Egg that got moved to Happy Valley and 39ave which is also a great place for breakfast.  I love how they gutted this place since it was old and outdated and now it nice and new.  I do wish they used more comfortable booths....its like sitting on a park bench.  The food and service is great and I highly recommend the half and half!
1 I own a business walking distance from this place and decided to take several employees there for breakfast this week.  Food was as expected okay.  The real disappointment was someone from my party asked if they can switch the English Muffin for a waffle and charge us for the difference.  The server said no.  Not good as other places would've jumped to creating a great experience.  As we all know business survive on repeat local business.  We won't be back there as the customer service just wasn't there.  I can't understand why they have 2-3 employees outside on the streets with signs to get business but once you're there they can't meet your your simple expectations.  I mean, really?  Charge us for the freakin waffle and serve it, don't just tell us no.
5 The breakfast here was really good and actually on the healthier side. It appears that they are making an effort to make a delicious lighter option. It was extremely clean, our waitress was very friendly and fast, and on a Sunday morning at 9:30 am we only waited 5 minutes. Best part - no screaming children (which is the reason we avoid IHOP at all costs). The protein pancakes were really good although our waitress was a little confused on whether or not they actually had protein powder in them or not. I know pancakes aren't health food but I would have liked to know how bad they really were. Eating out for breakfast isn't our norm so its nice to have an option like this so close to the house!
4 I feel like the West Side gets the short end when it comes to new business. We were super excited to see a new breakfast place open up not too far from home on our side of town. The renovation converting it from the Good Egg  made it very bright, open and inviting. The portions are HUGE and I highly recommend the protein pancake although I'm still unclear why it is a "protein" pancake. I asked the waitress and she said, and this is a direct quote, "It has blueberries, granola, and almonds in it, I guess it is the almond that give it all the protein." Well thanks, I read the menu, I understood the ingredients, but you still didn't answer my questions. Whatever, it was delicious and we'd go back and get it again. I chalk her poor product knowledge (we asked her a few other questions she couldn't answer) up to the place being new and left it at that.
4 Wow! been to the other location at 7th & Greenway and as I said WOW this one was a lot better! Great service great food! We will return!
4 Love this place for their protein pancakes!  Everything else has been good too the only problem I've had at this location, (I've only been to this one and the greenway location) my eggs both times I went and ordered over medium I got them with some runny whites. I sent back and it was corrected. One time accident, two times makes me think the cook may need some additional training. I went again today and ordered scrambled. Everything else there has been wonderful and I will go back and will recommend US Egg!
4 There was a normal busy Sunday morning crowd today. We expected the wait to be a lot longer than the 10 minutes it actually was. Love the new open dining area. We had the French toast and Denver omelette. Both were great. We will be back for sure.
5 Wanted to try a new breakfast place today.   Decided on US Egg and Im happy we did.  Place was clean, service was great, food was just what I was looking for.  Staff seemed to actually care about the experience they were creating.  Food not only tasted good, the presentation was nice as well.  We will be going back soon im sure.
5 Protein pancakes are awesome!
5 My wife had the tuna melt,  a delightful sandwich with moist tuna but not drenched in mayonnaise.  It also has onion and tomato but not overwhelmed by cheese.  I had the jalapeño burger.   It is correctly named because it has fresh jalapeños grilled to perfection on top of this delicious burger.   Accompanying the peppers is jack cheese and the normal burger toppings.  I had eaten there a while ago and noticed that business was down this time.   Chatting with the manager /owner he said they were having a hard time overcoming the negative image left by the previous occupant.   They should prepare mini sandwiches of their food and mini breakfast items that they can keep at proper temperature and then go right to numerous office buildings before work and hand out the free food.   Also create coupons and hand them out there too.   I bet their reputation will spread rapidly.   It. might take effort but this place deserves to flourish.
5 Our new go-to breakfast spot!  Pleasant, updated interior, excellent, attentive staff, great food and good prices. Menu has large selection and they will customize. We were all pleased with the promptness of receiving our meal, the flavor (love the french toast), good coffee (not bland diner-style coffee) and the surroundings of a clean, modern restaurant. We'll be back.
4 We went to U.S. Egg after my son's baptism a few weeks ago. We called a week ahead to put our 'name in' because our party was for 14 people and they don't technically take reservations.  I was glad to hear that they would put our group at the top of the list for our convenience and we wouldn't have to wait that long (Which was great because we had a baby and an elderly family member). When the Sunday morning came (10am) we arrived and we were greeted very warmly. How refreshing, a busy restaurant smiling and not freaking out due to the party size. The restaurant was bright and seemed rather casual. They seated us promptly (no waiting). There was a manager (I believe) that even took our cake we had back to the fridge so it didn't take up space and would be fresh ready to go after brunch. He was so nice! Now comes the food part. It took a long time for a waitress to come over and take our order. Which was odd, you would think with a party that big, the server wouldn't have that many other tables. The poor girl had 4 aside from us!! Poor thing. Although we were starving, when the waitress did finally take our order (15+ minutes), she was very pleasant. I could bet she was frazzled, but she didn't show it when she arrived at our table. So ordering wait time was not good, but once again, customer service was nice.  And after all, a good experience at a food restaurant is highly based on the staff. I ordered pancakes, turkey sausage, and scrambled eggs. All very good, but nothing was 'amazing' or 'had to have'. But was hot, had just the right amt. of seasoning. And the food arrived pretty quickly after ordering (normal for a large party size). Please note, they do have a menu for gluten free I believe. (One member of the party had to order special for their diet). Then the manager brought out the cake we brought and a bunch of plates (and 'to go boxes for the rest of the cake).Very nice indeed. After all was done, we had to split the bill unfortunately, so it created a bit of havoc when separating the bill. My sister had a coffee on her bill (and she didn't order one) and we had a whole meal added to our bill and we had to get that removed. The manager again stepped in and was very cordial and removed the item (after 15 min. of discussion with the waitress).   All-in-all, we would go back to this restaurant, it wasn't that expensive, had a great staff, and decent food.
5 We came across this place last Saturday morning as a quick stop before running errands.  I didn't have the highest of expectations, as I hadn't eaten here prior.  We were seated immediately, and greeted just as fast.  Our server Lindzy was cheerful, polite and very helpful in suggestions.  The coffee was strong and flavorful without being overpowering, and before we finished our first cup, our food was in front of us. Highly recommend the chicken fried steak, and the California Benedict was fantastic.  Great experience all around, will definitely be going back!
2 Just got back from breakfast with the family at the newest location of US Egg.  Having never been before, I was not sure what to expect.  Overall, I left a little disappointed.  I ordered the egg white garden omelet which had bell peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, and cheese.  It came with a side of hash browns and an english muffin.  The portion size was amazingly huge, but the food was a bit bland...  My hash browns and omelet didn't really taste like anything.  My dad got an avocado and jack cheese omelet and my mom got the chicken and waffles.  All of us agreed that US Egg was just okay, but there are definitely better breakfast places out there!  I felt that they sort of nickel and dime you for everything.  I asked for a side of salsa (which was small) and they were going to charge $0.75 extra for it, which I didn't think was worth it.  On the plus side the service was good and our waitress was patient while I took forever to choose my dish and asked if we wanted to-go drinks.  I suppose I might try US Egg again, but I probably wouldn't order the same thing.
2 This place is super close by our house so we decided to try it out for our new breakfast plate. I ordered the garden omelette which came with hash browns and an English muffin. The hash browns appeared to be cooked thoroughly but were very mushy on the inside. The omelette itself tasted like nothing.. Literally.. Nothing. The veggies (especially the spinach) were bland. I honestly told my fiancé I couldn't even taste what I was eating. The English muffin was cold and I don't think actually toasted. We were handed the wrong bill ($11 more) and when we said it wasn't ours the other waitress said "happens all the time".. Ummmmm.. My fiancé had corned beef and hash. I thought it tasted like dog food but he said it was mediocre. All in all, of I do ever come back, out of convenience only, I definitely wont be eating hash browns again. Although, it's hardly worth the $20 when you hated your meal..
4 First time trying this place out, and it was actually okay. I got the Belgian waffle and sweet potato fries. The waffle was good, and crisp. I really came here for a waffle but would go back for the sweet potato fries. My grandma can't taste, and goes by texture so she asked for her hash brown extra crispy and our server offered to deep fry them. Although probably not so healthy it was really good! And my grandma loved them, and loved that our server catered to what we like! She was very friendly and helpful, I though the food could have come out a little faster, but then again maybe I was just hungry. And im sure what we ordered takes some time to cook more. All in all, I like the place and will be back for more sweet potato fries;)
4 Quick, friendly and efficient service.  I ordered the French Toast with a side of bacon.  Both were attractive, plentiful and tasty.  Convenient location just off the freeway.  Couple of dollars more expensive than my other breakfast place but it is 3 stars and this one is 4 stars.  There is a difference in what you get.  Only dislike - the seating.  Booths are probably easy to wash off but they are not comfortable.
5 Food is great but it's the service that is truly exceptional!  We go every week for breakfast and they know us by name and have our table ready.  Their wait and bus staff are very well trained and food orders are always correct and delivered fast.  We have a large group and they tend to special order but it's never a problem.  We highly recommend this place for breakfast or lunch!
5 Great Breakfast!   Got the half and half. Protein pancakes and sante fe.   Huge portions and fresh food! Wish they would open one in Las Vegas
5 We've been here several times. Food & Service are OUTSTANDING! The signage outside, & the name,      U.S. Egg; gives the appearance of a government surplus program. My husband insisted, so we gave it a try. I was shockingly surprised at how good it was (despite the meager, albeit very clean, furnishings & decor).  All the frills, class & quality are put into the Food (where it really counts)!!  We now drive the extra distance to come here more regularly. I wasn't a breakfast eater until I discovered the half & half. I love both the protein pancakes and the egg dishes I've tried. I don't understand why anybody would choose The Place over U.S. Egg .....except for longevity & reputation in the community. Prices & portions are comparable, but U.S. Egg is superior in quality!! I hope the word spreads & this little diamond located in the ruff catches on!!! We Love it!
2 Visited this place 3 times and the experience went from pretty good, to not great, to won't return. If you put the word egg in your name I would expect that the eggs you prepare would be excellent, but that is not the case. Pancakes were borderline burned, coffee was bitter, the waitstaff while friendly was not very helpful, and although the protein pancakes are pretty good the entire breakfast for my family of 4 cost as much as a dinner usually does so we won't be returning.
3 Just went here today for breakfast due to seeing the person on the street corner with the sign LOL.  Note to marketing department - the street corner sign does work.  Unfortunately we were craving pancakes and the pancakes were not good at all.  For the good,  the place was packed, but we still got seated quickly.  Our service and food were also fast. Grade = A+  The bacon and eggs were also very good - grade = A  Next, let me say that out of everyone I've ever met, a very small percentage like whole-wheat pancakes or will ever order them at a restaurant.  (I think hippies like them, but my hippy friend prefers sweet cream pancakes).  I have tried them a handful of times and they usually taste like crap.  I stay away from them now.  My son had the whole-wheat pancakes and he said they had a bitter taste.  I had the protein pancakes, which also had a bitter aftertaste.  This place has so many choices for other items (even non-whole wheat bread) that when you only have one type of pancake batter (one that most people don't like) it really sucks. Note to restaurant, your pancakes don't taste that great and whole wheat pancakes still aren't healthy at all, so what's the point?    I see some other people on here do like your protein pancakes, so maybe today's batch of batter was just off, but It would be great if you offered pancakes that tasted good. Black Bear Diner has delicious sweet cream onse if you need a recipe, since it seems your other items are pretty good. Grade - D
5 First time and the food is amazing. Had the waffles and it was great. The portions are crazy too.
5 I've been here with my family several times. The food is awesome and so is the service.
4 U.S. Egg is a great place got breakfast for the whole family. Great service, carafes of coffee and the protein pancakes are the best.  The skillets are also delicious and filling. The owners and managers stop by to check in and are very attentive.  Expect these guys to have more and more locations.
4 Wowzer! I love love a good breakfast and US Egg certainly came through for me. Why is it so many places stopped the carafes of coffee? We need out java people! This lil place has the carafes, so nice!  I had the simple bacon and eggs, really filling. My hubby had the french toast and I ate a third of it, very good.  I am pleased and we will be back, especially for the service and coffee..ftw!
5 Delicious, quality food. Love the atmosphere, the staff is wonderful! Annndddd they got Protein waffles and pancakes!!!
5 Service was great! Not as fast as the Scottsdale location but it'll get there.  Food was delicious!! Love me some protein pancakes!!
5 My breakfast was delish.  I had the Hawkeye and that chicken,  bacon and avocado was scrumptious.  We also had a wonderful waitress, good service without hovering.
3 Not too bad. ..nothing major to comment on positive or negative.   I had biscuits and gravy with eggs (they forgot to bring my eggs) I mentioned it to the waitress when I finally got a hold of her and at that point we were finished.  She didn't really care no discount or anything.   Aside from that the biscuits and gravy were decent. NOTE TO ANYONE READING THIS I AM STILL SEARCHING FOR THE BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY IN TOWN PLEASE MESSAGE ME.  It is my favorite breakfast and haven't found my place yet.   I live off N. 67th Ave. I do have to say the French Toast my daughter had was top notch.   I would go here if I had a hankering for it.
5 The chicken fried steak was fantastic - some of the best I ever had. Not over cooked and perfectly crispy. The mimosa was a bit overpriced - $5 for a small flute. The service was very friendly as well. Definitely somewhere I'd return to.
5 This has been an awesome experience. The service is friendly and attentive. The food is excellent and well portioned. I will definitely be making returns to this location.
4 Eggs Benny is great. The fruit was on point too. I'm not a fan of grapefruit but it even looked good enough for me to eat! This is our second time here and it doesn't dissappoint. Staff was great both times. However and this why I did not five 5 stars, this older guy sitting by the hostess stand was snorting up a storm! It was so gross that I couldn't finish eating. The first couple times it took me by surprise and I immediately looked in his direction and he was just stating at me like "what ?". Then after that and for the next 5 times I had it together enough to not look over. I'm not 100% sure but I think he is the owner.  Course I was ear hustling and that what it sounded like. So disgusting sir, please go to the bathroom and blow your nose. Your guests do not want to hear that....and then have you stare at them. We were even kinda talking about it loud enough for him to hear and it did not change anything.
5 This is our all time favorite place for breakfast! The staff is excellent and runs like clockwork, never a need to ask for a refill.... They are on it. Great management and from the protein pancakes to omelets, burgers, salads and even chili. Good food and great place!
5 Always Great Service & Great Food! Lovely Family run Business!!!! The Protein Pancakes are a must! Highly recommend!
5 I love going to US Egg on Saturday mornings. Gets busy so I'd recommend coming in earlier. They leave a water and coffee pitcher with you so no waiting for a refill. The staff is always very attentive even still. They have great coffee creamers, a mix of each flavor and they are not stingy on what they provide! Each time I get the same breakfast, California Benedict. No matter how many times I go it's so great that I haven't ordered anything else.
