2 While the atmosphere was clean and the staff was friendly, the experience left me unsatisfied. The tech who worked on my feet was especially considerate and took his time to ensure that my pedicure turned out awesome! However, I was very dissatisfied with the manicure, which was done by a different lady. She was friendly and talkative, but honestly just did a terrible job. It's like she wasn't paying attention to what she was doing even remotely. The polish on my manicure was overly thick and took forever to dry--and it dried a little lumpy. Initially the edges were uneven, but one of the employees noticed and fixed the edges before I left the establishment. I was told that my nails were dry, but as soon as I left the salon I botched the overly thick polish. My friend and I returned to have 3 nails touched up, and the employee who fixed them was unnecessarily rude about it.  Overall while I received a great pedicure, my manicure (and manicure experience) was not up to par with their prices or my expectations. I don't often get my nails done, but when I do I expect them to be done perfectly (and fixed when not perfect); otherwise, I could do them myself.  Note: they only accept cash tips!
2 Not very impressed with the services there. I got a mediocre manicure and pedicure, barely better than I could do myself. They couldn't find my appointment even though I had called earlier that same day and they told me that was a good time. The people working there seemed extremely rushed and as I was finishing my manicure, at least 5 people came in saying they had appointments and none of the manicurists were available. When I sat down for my manicure, the woman working with my tool out one of those drills to sand down my nails and when I asked her what she was doing, she said that she was giving me fake nails and needed to sand my real nails down. It was very hard to convince her to just give me a normal manicure.   Not worth the price or a very rushed service.   The one positive was that they had a great Essie peach color that is now my favorite nail color. I just bought it and now I'm going to go to another nail salon the next time I need a manicure.  Also, even though they take credit cards, they only take tips in cash.
5 Awesome pedis! They use a warm stone massage as part of the treatment which is a nice touch. Really reasonably priced, too.
5 Just had one of the best Mani/pedis I've ever had. Hot stone for arm and leg massage was not expected but felt fantastic. I've only had hot stone pedicures at fancy spas that charge a ton for it. People were friendly and gentle when it came to cuticle care. definitely recommend.
3 Just got a pedicure here last night with a few girlfriends and we were impressed! I've never had a hot stone pedi before and I will definitely be back for another, it was so relaxing. My technician also did a great job with the polish and really shaped my nails well.   Ambiance is less than ideal. There's random things scattered throughout the store, and a broken ATM machine sitting in the middle of it. Seems slightly disorganized. We were also disappointed when we arrived as we had made an appointment for three pedicures at 7:30 PM and when we got there all of the technicians were busy and they said we would have to wait. Isn't the point of making an appointment that you don't have to wait once you get there? So that was annoying, luckily we didn't have to wait too long (10ish min).   So, come here if you'd like a good pedicure, haven't tried their manicures yet but I plan to. Mine ran around $30 which is fairly normal for a pedi. But don't expect to feel like you're in a spa.
1 I'll keep this review pretty short because my thoughts of Paradise Nails are simple.   I did not like my mani/pedi experience. While I was waiting, I noticed that the nail salon had no music playing so that it was awkwardly silent and you couldn't have a conversation without feeling like everybody could hear you. There was also no AC and no record that my reservation was ever even taken. I told the guy doing my nails *twice* that I was getting a manicure as well, and he kept forgetting, sigh...   Worst of all, the quality of their nail painting and nail handling was very bad. One day after my mani/pedi, I noticed that there were bubbles in the nailpolish on multiple fingernails. Two days later, my fingernail polish was already chipping. I also noticed on my toenails that they did not take off all of my remaining nail polish... I could still see the red polish under my nice new green color! It looked terrible! They also did something wicked to my cuticles because they won't stop peeling.  Bottom line: good location, decent price, but BAD SERVICE and bad quality nail treatment. The manicurists clearly don't actually care about the quality of their work. I will not be coming back here.
