5 Cody meets you where you are. If you put your trust in him, he will take very good care of you, pushing you to the limits you need to hit to make your goals but being 100% supportive all the time. He is very respectful of personal challenges like injuries and illness and yet helps you find your maximum within that context.   He is also very flexible and fun to work with.  I laugh as much as much I grunt, often when in complete muscle failure.  He switches it up to keep you going.    Cody is a great communicator, which I find very rare.  He'll text to see how you are doing and stay in touch in many ways.  It's very friendly and also makes me feel well-taken care of.    Cody is awesome about "homework," and I will say if I do my homework I am much happier person when it comes to being less sore and staying on a straight path.  He listens in terms of time constraints and goals although he will not listen some times when he thinks you can do more.  In a little over six months, the added muscle and functional fitness are really things I never thought I could accomplish.  I've started doing other things because I now have the confidence and strength to have little adventures.    I also really like the "come as you are" environment.  I suffer but I really and truly have fun and learn a lot.
5 Cody pushes me in way I could never push myself! He's a great trainer and friend.  Wonderful location and gym atmosphere. Recommended for anyone despite their level of exercise.
5 Cody Campbell is the most charismatic person I've ever met and he is a man of integrity. He has a passion for his profession and a thorough grasp of his intricacies of fitness. He gets to know each client's personal goals and develops fitness plans that work quickly and for a lifetime. He pushes us but keeps us laughing while we work! His communication skills are excellent. He uses subtlety and tact to keep me focused as it takes me several tries to start and maintain proper form. However, I'm never embarrassed about the fact that I continually need extra help to get it "right".  He is also capable enough to address individual needs- even when they don't match what he typically does. For example, I was training for my black belt in a martial art and I saw Cody once a week just to have his support and encouragement as I worked through my personal forms and combinations. If you train with Cody, you'll get stronger and feel better in a very short time and you will want to keep your new lifestyle for a lifetime. He is an excellent trainer.
