5 Really friendly staff here. Great selection of all items. Staff steered me towards a new product and it has worked out well. Joined the club too which gets your tax paid for life after 9 purchases of any amount. KInd of tucked behind Starbucks, but very big store once you get inside. Audrey and Jason were very helpful.
5 Love this shop. Knowledgeable staff, but even more important is that they are the FRIENDLIEST group of people ever. I am not exaggerating. Dallas is the guy who's normally in there when I go to pick up incense & other goods. Super-chill vibe (obviously)and a great selection of items. You can get your purchases tax-free after 9x once you join their club. I definitely recommend choosing High Maintenance for all your smoke shop needs.
1 I disagree with the two reviews that said the staff was friendly, well maybe I dealt with a whole other group of staff this time but they were straight up rude....not the man but the immature boisterous girl. I came in as a tourist not knowing it was not okay to say hash in the shop. She got all loud mouth with me saying she could kick me out for saying that....I kindly said well isn't there such thing as freedom of speech? and then she goes rudely, "yes but I have the freedom to kick you out." I know nothing about bongs...or as they want you to say these "water devices." I do not smoke anything, I was just in there for fun and to browse. I kept silent but then she goes out of nowhere that it is not her fault I do not know what drug is legal or illegal. First of all for a girl that works in a smoke shop, she needs to be careful who she is talking to. Some one who does not handle rudeness well, would of popped off and I'm sorry those two combined could not even try to kick someone out if they wanted to. Maybe this shop should have a list of rules you must read, accept, and sign before walking in. Not a good sign to treat a tourist with disrespect. Girl needs to get written up. RUDE RUDE RUDE!
1 Bought a WAY overpriced electronic hookah and it was visibly defective after approx. 3 uses. Took the entire package back and was informed that the "manager" who obviously was not anything of the sort. Told me that she was "so surprised" that it didn't work and she was very apologetic. I assumed I would be offered an exchange or maybe my nearly 50$ returned.instead I was given a spate of lame excuses why she wasn't "authorized" to exchange or return it. I was quite shocked. She then proceeded to tell me that the ONLY way she could anything was if I called "The GM" (I had to call myself?) after she spent several minutes looking for the GM's card, she couldn't find any. Probably ran out handing them to disgruntled customers. I attempted to call twice, got a message with no name, saying leave a message. I waited about 10 minutes before my 2nd call, all the while, the saleswoman (girl) tried to sell me another part, stating that they wear out very quickly and there were better(more$) that I should get. Funny how this was the best one a few days ago, anyway, when I finally got hold of the GM, he was rude, said that he was trying to enjoy time with his family and basically I was disturbing him. (when you manage a store, this is your job, so get used to it) He then asked me if I used it. "of course I used it, for about 3 days" then it stopped working. He then said that since it was used he cannot so anything at all because of his supplier. These people don't seem to care at all about whether or not you are satisfied, ripped off, lied to in order to make a sale or staying in business. There are PLENTY Of other places run by nice mom and pop types who understand the value of a good relationship with their customers. THIS IS NOT THAT PLACE! AVOID it AT ALL COST! You will regret it.
5 **THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CHANDLER STORE ON RAY AND RURAL!!**  So High Maintenance was referred to me by a friend about 2 years ago and I have been a customer since then. I absolutely love this place, the Chandler store is always clean and well stocked. When I say clean I mean it is spotless, the glass cases are smudge free and the place is always vacuumed, I'm a clean freak so I pay attention to this. Also love the small clothing section by the premium items!   I worked for an East Valley smoke shop for about six months and one of my biggest gripes was the lack of inventory. High Maintenance is always well stocked with a ton of different things. The displays are laid out nicely. I highly recommend the vaporizers, they have a bunch of different types and the staff is very knowledgeable.   I recently went in and had the pleasure of Beth assisting me in purchasing a Pax Vape. She was super helpful and really educated me on how this product worked. Now this is a $250 item and she made me feel confident that it was the right choice for me (BTW I love it!)   Great location in Chandler too. It's great to have an amazing smoke shop that's not near ASU!! I will be coming back again and again.
5 The staff here is very knowledgeable. I had a great experience and a sick new piece to brag about for months! They have a very large selection of quality glass that is hard to find here in AZ i love this place!!!
