5 This place is always the warm welcome vape shop   GREAT SELECTION OF JUICE , MECHS  and DRIP TIPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  they have everything for your rebuilding needs  everyone who works there to me is very down to earth people  one of my favorite vape shops i go to!!!!!!!!!!                              THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!                                                  MUCHLOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 Great Vape Shop and Customer Service
5 Vapor Bombz, great vape shop. has a nice vibe when you walk in. I was greeted when i arrived and asked how i may be helped. I was just looking for flavor so i sat down at the bar stool and tested some flavors. I ended up getting a coffee flavor as maybe itll go well when i wake up and actually drink coffee too.  the products they carry are great, the prices are typical and the customer service is great. I sat down on the lounge couches they had and vaped for 20 minutes before leaving. Chill place and overall a great experience. will be back.
4 It was a little hard to spot since there wasn't a marquis for it over the shop just yet, but its right next to Big Mamas pizza place and a Laundromat. When you walk in, it's clean, neat and spacious of a place. I'm a fan of doing a merchandise counter and then a separate vaping sample bar and a rebuild station and a comfy couch to hang out. I feel it flows much better this way so they're already doing something I really like.   They have some pricier mechanical mods, a few good affordable starters in mods and variable voltage items. We browsed those for a bit and then checked out the flavor station. One thing I noticed is this shops juice selection has more brands that lean towards a vegetable glycerin/VG base. Some people really love their "plooming" or some feel PG irritates their throat so those VG juices are for you. I was most excited they had Virgin Vapor which is 100% VG and is certified organic flavor bases and VG. I ended up nothing finding anything we had to take home though the first visit, but have bought a few bottles since  . After trying a few juices I have to stop since I just can't pick up flavors anymore so sometimes one of the flavors. Just a note that their tasting samples are sitting at a 12mg so if you're vaping at something lower the throat hit may not be preferable and you might not be able to sample a lot. We got a bit nic lightheaded after just a few samples and have to stop since we vape at a 6nic. Make sure to get your juice stamp card (buy 10 get 1 free!).  The girl helping us was really nice and friendly and tried to answer all the questions we have thoroughly. I also chatted up their builder Joel as I've heard good things about his builds from friends and seen him around a vape group I'm in.
5 Went in after hearing about this place from a friend. They are fairly new & are amazingly friendly. There was a lovely new girl that helped me out and I settled for a new bunny drip tip , pink cartomizer, & an awesome Virgin eliquid :) all natural is awesome!!!!!! Edgar was there and assisted the lady that helped me since she was a new employee. Awesome place!!!! I will e ack for other Virgin vape liquids
5 I needed some rda's drilled with bigger holes. Met Edgar, Melanie, Joel and Francis.  Francis rebuild my phoenix v5, my lil bro and I hung out. Had some fun, tried a bunch of juices. Walked out with a couple.  It's a great shop, great service, show me how to build a coil. It's still hard for me, they make it look so easy. But practice makes perfect.
5 This place is on point. I went out to Las Vegas to check out all the vape shops a couple of months ago. This shop by far had the best customer service. As a Serial Vapist that I am, I noticed that most shops have comparable products to each other. The only thing that sets one vape shop apart from another vape shop is their customer service. Even though I was hundreds of miles away from home, hanging out with the owner and the customers at Vapor Bombz made me feel at home. If you want great customer service, with no high pressure sales, I highly recommend Vapor Bombz Vegas.
5 2nd time back, watched and learned from coil building from Joel.  I bought a new mnke battery and a new drip tip.  This place makes you feel like family from the moment you walk in the door.
5 Was in from out of town, came by to get some juice since i ran out. Edgar helped me out, he was super friendly and knowledgable.  Nice to know this place is out there.
5 Reallt nice friendly staff. Thank you for taking your time with my transaction and customizing my vape.
5 Dope spot for all your vape needs! Every time I go there I'm greeted with smiles and a very helpful attitude. The always have a great selection of juice. If you need help with a rebuild they got you on that as well. Overall an awesome shop.
5 Staff is super friendly greeted me right away, would definitely recommend others to this store :) little difficult to find. But good things never come easily
5 I went to a couple of vape stores before I was referred here by a friend and I was treated like family. Edgar took care of me and was patient with me and I was able to try several flavors before I made my choice. Thanks
5 Awesome spot phenomenal and friendly people definitely a place I will be going back to so I can get what I need and don't
