3 It just opened and is coming along. They were literally stocking empty sections while I was there. They are going to have a good, and really cheap, spice section by the looks of things, and a nice sized frozen section also. They also had a variety of rice I have not seen too many places. It looks large and clean, and has the potential to be a major player in the growing South Asian food market.  I will update my review once they get on their feet.
5 Phoenix has been waiting for a store of this caliber for a long long time.  Excellent Store, Great Owners and Staff, Fabulous Selection and Very Good Prices.  The response was overwhelming to the Grand Opening and I can understand why since they are by far the best Indian Grocery Store that I have experienced in Phoenix.    They have a wide variety of snack packets for only 99 cents or you can choose how much you want by going directly to the little bins that are neatly stacked.  Excellent selection of spices, lentils, flours, rice etc.  Large frozen section and wide variety of choices of fresh vegetables at East Coast prices.    Gunjan and his team provide excellent customer service and we look forward to our future visits.
5 Great store. Phoenix and entire arizona was waiting for this store for years and here they open. Exotic spices, wonderful varieties of frozen foods, all kinds of rices, lentils, daals, pickles, bulk snacks and packed snacks. I love their produce. Really reasonable prices. They have the best mangoes in town for just $ 4.99 a box.  Cheapest mangoes i have ever seen in my life, I would. It is definitely worth checking out the store.  Staff is really helpful finding groceries. Overall lots of savings on south asian groceries.
5 I have been to this store many times. Really fresh indian produce at affordable price. They have crazy low prices on many daily needs such as Lentils, daals, rices, flours and snacks. Large collection of spices and frozen items I never seen before in California or Arizona. I like their bulk snacks section. They also have beauty salon and traditional indian clothing place so good to discover. Staff is friendly and helpful. Overall great customer service.
4 This is an Indian and South Asian market.  It is good they are attracting many non-Indians as well as Indians.  The market is big.  They have many things that any Asian Indian would want as far as food (I am South Indian by background).  This is a place that I would definitely recommend.    While this is not what can be found in say Jackson Height (Queens) NY, West Ridge (Devon Avenue) Chicago, or Gerard Street Toronto; it is definitely good.  I wish them well.    Phoenix needs more South Asian markets.  The only place that even comes close, and arguably a long shot, is Ashoka Market at I-10 & Chandler BLVD in Chandler.
3 Live in North Phoenix. Went all the way to Mesa today to shop there. My second visit .   Good Points: Indian Groceries variety is pretty good. Five different brands of wheat flour(Atta), various quantity bags,Goes for almost all flour varieties.  Store brand ( Ankur) prices are better than buying other brands like Swad, Deep etc. Just like buying Members Mark at Sams Club/Kirkland at COSTCO.  They have aisles labelled(Snacks, pickles, Spices etc). Bulk food purchase option available for most snacks, like WinCo They have every kind of oil, Kevra, almond, coconut, navaratna, food coloring, rose water, Indian bathing bar soaps. Their fancy section includes brass/bronze/white metal images and figurines of Indian gods, pooja items, decorative bead streamers, and the like. Indian cookie brands Like Sunfeast Cream Biscuits that cost 49-69 Cents each at Asiana, here are sold for #3 for 99 cents.   Bad Points: Very disorganized. Items placed very haphazardly on shelves. One gets a feeling of hastily putting things on shelves, and not bothering to arrange them.  A small item like steel wool scrub for utensils is still in the larger 12 pk sheet. Placed on the lowest shelf. Is the customer expected to bring their own pair of scissors to cut and get the one piece they need?   2. Most fancy items look damaged, or not in clean condition.   3  Fresh produce selection not so good yet. They have been open only for a short while though, so hopefully that will improve.   4. Most Importantly: The Business listing here says accepts Credit cards. WARNING:  for ppl who shop mainly with AMEX cards-- This store does not accept AMEX. They hemmed and hawed before accepting our payment via Discover. They accept only Visa or Mastercard. Or they prefer only those cards because of the high merchant fees with AMEX.   This puzzled me because the last time I was there with friends, I ran up a bill of almost $120  . The tall guy who was supervising inventory etc,  rushed to accommodate me,and told the counter person attending to me to accept my AMEX card. Today, that same guy flatly refused, saying it was only for a limited period during Store Opening Sale. I told him I was there on Aug 15, and then he had no issues with my Amex card. But no avail. He said I can do Discover, but not AMEX. ( I have been told that legally, they cannot refuse to accept AMEX. ).   SUMMARY: All in all, a pretty decent store to shop for Indian grocery items. Just remember to carry cash/ Visa/Mastercard. :)
4 I guess I was judging by the name and expecting more international choices. Really strong selection of Indian foods. No Asian, Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, etc. that I saw. If your looking for Indian food however, this place has more choices than any other international market that I have seen. Nice, clean, well lit.
3 I was disappointed with the store presentation. Unclean and disorderly.  Lots of variety on spices, frozen items, and Indian snacks.
5 I had an amazing experience at lotus. They have a great selection of fresh Indian produce  including tindora, okra, Indian eggplant, dudhi and many more. Their produce prices are the lowest I have ever seen. Also their selection of frozen food is huge and stocked with everything and anything u could want in an Indian market! Furthermore, the service I received was impeccable, better than any other Indian store I have ever been too! They are extremely organized with the set up of the store I could find things very easily and was pleasently surprised that they had a rewards program that gave  you 4% back! I highly recommend lotus market!
5 Best Indian store I've been to near Phoenix. Everything an Indian would want, is available here. Sadly it's far from my home. Never the less, will swing by when ever possible.
5 This place is simply amazing. I don't generally like to shop at desi stores but it's not the case with lotus market. Their spice selection is huge. I got everything needed for my tandoori BBQ. My girl friend took me to this store. Ever since I love strolling inside lotus market. Store is clean and has nice Bollywood music playing. Their vegetables were also fresh and green. I like their frozen verity. If you're in east valley make sure you stop by.
5 I LOVE this place!  This store is very different from other desi stores - the owners are courteous, are always proactively bringing in new items and rotating out their stock. It is run like an American store - a far cry from other stores where any questions about years-old stock will bring apathetic stares at best and insolent comments at worst.   So far the spices seem fresher too - hard to say with dried herbs and spices but at other stores the packages look like they were sitting at the bottom of a sunken freight container for decades.   They have a brilliant snack bar - lots of variety, not the healthy type, nothing out of the world but they seem to be made right here in AZ, so nothing that reeks of old oil.   The produce is fresh, for a change. No shriveled up okra, remnants of gourds, rotting black curry leaves... I saw the owner negotiating moringa fruits (drumstick) with a local supplier who had sample specimens, so they seem to be keeping local seasonal supply in mind.   They also have other things like cookware, jewelry and puja items. I was thrilled with the prices of these too - very competitive with New Jersey and California stores.  They have really awesome sales at great prices too. Not just one or two items, but plenty of items - rice, lentils, spices, snacks, veggies, etc. The store is big, and nicely filled - it doesn't look like a pantry with random odds and ends put together. They very politely accepted a couple of returns for store credit and I nearly jumped out of my skin in surprise.   Finally a desi store that I can bear to go to. I hope the owners read these reviews about what is working for the customers and don't go the doggone old desi way.
4 This place is big and have a lot of stuff. Better than the small ones, But costlier than Asiana or Lee Lees.   The vegetables were fresh and most of the items are in stock. Staff is very friendly.
