5 Hilton just purchased this hotel from the former owners. They are doing a great job redecorating the place and adding their touch. I like it already. Signature Doubletree breakfast already in place.  Thank you Hilton!
3 So this place only recently converted over to a Doubletree.  While the conversion has been done well, there certainly are a few un-Doubletree details around.  First, the good.  The suites are huge.  I don't know how the previous hotel was, but the rooms are very well done.  Hardwood entryways, brand new bathroom sink fixtures, new flatscreen HDTVs.  (For those who want to bring their own devices, the TV does accept outside inputs via HDMI - PS3, Roku, etc.)  The hotel Wi-Fi is pretty fast - fast enough for Netflix - although I had iffy connections to Verizon, T-Mobile, and AT&T.  They could be fast and they could also slip and lose the connection entirely.  The Meh.  The minifridge is very small (about half the size of a standard minifridge).  The sinks drain slowly and the showers reveal the age of the original suites - with older fixtures and very non-descript design.  Also, the suites have these weird "wave" patterns on the walls and ceilings of the room and bathroom.  It may have been a theme of the original hotel.  They're these wave inserts that are then painted over.  They're very odd.  There is a restaurant and bar available on site and for those who qualify, there is the standard Doubletree breakfast buffet.  It's all the basics but there isn't an omelette bar, if that's your thing.  The fitness center is attached to the conference center.  It's in a kind of dreary conference room with beige walls, but there are two treadmills, three ellipticals, a full rack of dumbbells and a few weight machines.  The space is huge and they've equipped it with a couple of televisions as well.  They've done an excellent job with this property.  Parking is abundant and free.  Very easy access to the freeway - both I-10 and Highway 60.  The only reason I'm docking it down to 3 stars is my stay coincided with some sort of Police Officers conference.  The attendees were only there during the day, but essentially from 8am - 6pm, they took up all the parking spots, all the not-really-parking spots, and all available street parking within a couple blocks.  It was insane. I gave up trying to come back anytime before the conference let up.  I understand the hotel needs to use these opportunities to earn money during the day, but there needs to be some respect for the guests staying in the hotel as well.
4 I don't have anything bad to say about my recent stay here. I arrived on Wednesday and left on Sunday and all of the staff were very nice and attentive. My room was great as were all of my meals in the restaurant.  And the cookies rock that they give you when checking in!
2 It was Annual Team Appreciation Event time again, this time my company chose Doubletree by Hilton to host the event. Our theme this year was Casino Night, so this review is more about the hosting then about the hotel rooms.  2 years ago my company did the same event, almost to a T, but at that time it was still the Fiesta Resort, since then it has changed over to the Doubletree and to be honest the only thing that looked different was the name of the place.  We were in one of the banquet rooms in the back by the pool area, which really wasn't bad, the set up was nice, we had seating for 60, dance floor & dj and room for 2 poker tables, 3 blackjack tables and a crap table and a cash bar.     The buffet spread was to include not only the food but unlimited ice tea & coffee, and on the tables where placed fresh cream and sugar for those who liked it in their coffee, but getting the tea or coffee, well that was a whole different story. My coworker asked twice for a cup of coffee and never got it, I asked 4 times for a glass of tea and was given an eye roll, and to get that glass refilled or even to have our water glasses refilled took a little effort on getting a server willing to do it, but they were quick to remove your plate before even giving you a chance to see if you wanted to get something else to eat.    The buffet menu for the night:  New York Roast Strip Loin thinly sliced in a bourbon demi, pan seared chicken drilled with rosemary & basil, and garlic mashed potatoes, salad, seasonal fresh fruit, marinated fresh veggies, dessert, bread & butter.    Ok let me break it down for you. The fresh fruit was really good, the marinated fresh veggies was more like a veggie salad, all veggies were raw and had like a creamy Italian dressing on it, very very good, the thinly sliced new York strip, well tasted like my Grammys pot roast, yet not as tender, for the thin slices they didn't cut up well with the butter knifes we were provided with. The chicken looked great, but lacked in the flavor, the potatoes had a hint of garlic, but were on the cool side. The winner for the night was a Reeses peanut butter cream pie, I didn't try it but everyone loved it, I had a very rich chocolate mousse pie, which was good, but way too rich for me.   Even though we had a cash bar, most of the ones drinking went to the actual bar in the lobby because at the cash bar the drinks were bad.  Now why am I picky about this, like I said my company did this event to the T 2 years ago under the Fiesta Resort, almost spot on menu too, but the service and the food were impeccable we were so pampered and it left an lasting impression on us to want to have The Doubletree host the same event for us. I know 2 different companies but I just expected a little better service from Doubletree Hilton, so very disappointed!    I personally would not pick this place to host an event for me.
4 Went to my husband's company party here. Nice place, friendly staff, great food for the meal, but found it rather odd that there wasn't coffee or iced tea available for drinking. Since we aren't much into alcohol, we didn't partake in the cash bar and wasn't about to get soda from there, so we settled for refreshing ice water the whole evening.  As far as the festivities went, we were in a nice big room, complete with gambling tables from a party service and a live DJ, complete with quite a mixture of music and a colorful disco light. There was a decent-sized dance floor for gettin' down and boogiein' too.   The thing that disappointed me, as I mentioned before, was the fact there wasn't coffee or iced tea to enjoy, despite the fact there were coffee cups on the tables and little pitchers of creamer for the non-existant coffee.
4 clean. helpful staff. nice location. good complimentary breakfast.
3 Convenient location and decent rooms, but because it's all outdoor access to the rooms it gets very noisy when people are talking or moving around.  It is a reasonably decent place, especially the very friendly and helpful staff, but if they're going to brand this as a Doubletree by Hilton they need to be able to live up to the brand.
3 Clean rooms. AC has a hard time keeping the room cool. But nice grounds and friendly staff.  The bar does get backed up at peak hours.
5 I can't say enough good things about this place! It was our first time here in Arizona going for a quick one day trip for our friends wedding. First off, they have free shuttle service to and from the airport. Mike who was our driver was the best! Quick pick up, very friendly and not to mention funny guy.   When we arrived to our hotel, we were greeted by even more friendly staff (I forgot the young ladies name at the front) and two delicious warm chocolate chip cookies. Our room was also very spacious with a comfortable bed.   The best part of our stay I have to say was when Mike offered to take us to our wedding location since it was close by. He also gave us a quick tour of the area on the way there.   I will definitely stay there again and recommend them highly!
5 Stayed for one night. Great staff and very accommodating rooms. Check in was simple and was given a map of the grounds which helped when trying to find the ice machines later that night. Rooms are very nice with very comfy beds. TV is limited on channels but not a big deal. Overall amazing stay.  The cookies are the bomb too. ;)
