4 They make a good burrito.
4 We have been wanting to go here since they opened, as we live within two miles.  Finally made it in on Saturday, and were not disappointed.  My husband had the three way burrito, red, green and bean.  He said it was yummy.  I had the green burrito, and was impressed.  It was tasty and not full of beans and rice like some others.  Just the tortilla and meaty filling.   We will be back.  Staff was helpful and friendly
4 back already!  My husband had the really spicy beef combo, and I had a chicken enchilada and taco combo.. I must admit, the beef was really tasty.  Spicy, but not overpowering.  the chicken was not really that spicy, they say all their chicken is spicy. Next time, I'll get the beef too. good food, smiling service, clean restaurant.
4 Welcome to my side of town! Best Breakfast Burrito in town made better at being able to get one any time during the day. Not to say the other food is bad but sometimes you succumb to the cravings. This, so much so, we would drive down to Alma School at 8:PM on as weekday just to get one. (Or several, depending if it was dinner time.)   New owners are nice, not as Ghetto as the other place. (Is this a franchise?) Kid friendly, good food - reasonable prices and close by my house - win win go on in!
4 Just had an amazing breakfast burrito. Tortilla was fresh, eggs were seasoned, and the salsa was SPICY! Good value, too. If you're looking for flavorful Mexican food, that is inexpensive a quick - this is your place.
1 This restaurant smelled dirty. I had a green chili burrito that tasted like canned gravy, I didn't bother to eat more than a quarter because it was so horrible. My husband had a red chili burrito, and he has been sick with gas and diarrhea all day. Save your money and health and go somewhere else.
1 This restaurant smelled dirty. I had a green chili burrito that tasted like canned gravy, I didn't bother to eat more than a quarter because it was so horrible. My husband had a red chili burrito, and he has been sick with gas and diarrhea all day. Save your money and health and go somewhere else.
5 Just ate there for the first time. It was delicious. I had a steak and potato burrito. Don't get the chicken unless you love heartburn. It's crazy spicy as advertised. This is good cheap Mexican food. The service was very good.
5 Friday night 8pm or so.  Awesome food. Thank you. Don't change a thing :) Perfect rolled tacos, guac and sc on the side :) Steak, bean and cheese burritos are my favorite. Best burrito yet from y'all . Thank you again for the delivery so late. Cheers, Bob
2 We used to love over in Tempe and ordered from the burrito express off alma school and Elliot; we were bummed when we moved but then quickly got excited when opened up Gilbert.  We've ordered from here a few times and usually not so bad, expect for today.  Whoever answered the phone seemed extremely annoyed to be working, literally felt like I was bothering her.  Then we ordered a combo meal and asked for green sauce on an enchilada (btw I completely understand there is no substitutions) but since the sauce type isn't listed I really didn't expect that to be a problem...apparently it is.  To be honest it wouldn't of been that big of a deal but both the employee and manager were extremely rude.  Needless to say you have lost a pretty loyal customer! Step it up guys!
1 I'm sorry, the sickness I feel in my stomach is compelling me to post. And I never post ever. This place is objectively the worst Mexican takeout in the Gilbert-Chandler area. I'm sorry, but at least you know what your getting at Taco Bell and Del Taco. I got the Burrito Supremo (with very bad chicken and much for beans) and the Steak something. The steak was tasteless and luck warm. And a weird tinge of grey. Like it had been kept warm for a week in water grey. Don't go here.
5 I need to preface this 1 I love spicy Mexican food 2 I have eaten Mexican food all around the United States. This is not my first rodeo is what I'm trying to say As I walked in the door the manager shuffle his feet quickly to meet me and take my order. He greeted me with a smile and made me feel real comfortable kind of like an old friend. I asked what was in the Machaca burrito he was very detailed as to all the ingredients I was really quite impressed. I was impressed that he knew all the ingredients and that he wasn't upset or short with me for even asking. I asked for it to be spicy and it was perfect I had the green enchilada style my machaca burrito I had spicy green salsa everything was wonderful fresh and tasty I would highly recommend!!!! It only took 4 min to get my food. :-)
1 What a mess,  1 person running the place and people walking out in disgust at the crappy service.
4 One of my favorite hole in the wall take out Mexican food restaurants! I have yet to go wrong with anything here!
1 The worst burrito I've had in a long time it was a steak bean and cheese burrito was absolutely horrible the steak was some type of mystery meat not even edible borderline borderline dog food.
