1 Front desk is unprofessional. The black lady knows nothing, even if you ask her what's in front of her when you call from your room. They left the ice machine broken for two days, then finally fixed it, but left the not working sign on the ice machine. It's Vegas, and it's easy to get hydrated. When I walk barefoot in my room, the soles of my feet look as if i've been jogging in dirt. Nasty rooms, unprofessional front desk (that lady I mentioned earlier), and a nonchalant attitude towards people who spend money here. Appreciate that you have customers coming to this shit hole with the shitty employee that knows nothing at all...whatsoever.
2 YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR SO DON'T EXPECT MUCH HERE!  i paid $80 total including tax for 2 nights here on a weekend and the only reason why was because how cheap the prices were! its by the in-n-out but basically almost on the strip. it's only a minute drive to the MGM!  the cons about this place is the flooring. it's tiles which is pretty weird. the showers are small and somewhat dirty. the toilet seemed old. i felt that i needed to put a seat cover every time i needed to go pee! they had a nice new sink and was nice because they had good lighting for putting on make up! to turn on and turn off the tv you had to pull the plug out which was RIDICULOUS! the WORST part was that the door seemed like it didn't fully lock. it wasn't secured enough. THEY NEED TO FIX THAT!  the only pro was the bed. it was HUGE and had clean white sheets. we didn't use the comforter tho...  if you need a blow dryer you can give the front desk your I.D. and they will give it to you back.   GOOD LUCK TRYING TO GET A TAXI. THEY ARE NOT AROUND HERE. SO I SUGGEST YOU DRIVE. THE TAXI NUMBERS DON'T WORK AND THEY DON'T SEND TAXIS OUT THERE EITHER. SO SAVE YOUR TIME AND JUST DRIVE.
3 I like this place, its clean, so far no bugs of any kind, thank God!! My door locks, the a/c works great and has a remote so I don't need 2 get up all the time to change the temp, especially since my car a/c went out!! They have a microwave and a mini fridge that work, only they don't have an ice machine!! The staff is friendly,  I am a happy camper, would totally recommended this hotel!! And the best part is the price $40.31, no extra or hidden fees or charges of any kind,  that's all u pay and u got ur self a room 4 the night!!
