1 Don't buy from this store.  The salesman we had was completely dishonest.  He was friendly and personable and proceeded to tell us what we wanted to hear until he got the sale.  I needed a recliner and had to have it before Father's Day weekend.  We picked out a nice chair and had the salesman check if it was in stock and if we could have it delivered before Father's Day.  He went away to check and came back saying that they definitely had one in the warehouse and could have it delivered by Thursday (we bought it on Sunday).  I asked if he was really certain it was in the warehouse and that we would have it in time.  He said that they do inventory 3 times per week and that the warehouse manager verified that it was there.  Well, on Thursday we get a call from the warehouse telling us that they didn't have one but could get one by the following Monday (after Father's Day).  I related to the warehouse what my salesman told us and they said that inventory was only done once per week and that they definitely did not have one in the inventory when the salesman sold it to us.  I called the store Manager to complain and he said, "Sorry" and offered no recompense nor indication that he would take any action with the salesman.  It looks like that's the way they run their business.  Also, on the Monday that the chair was finally delivered, we were called and told it would be delivered definitely between 4pm and 6pm.  They showed up at our door at 1:40pm.  We were lucky to be there.  We'll be luckier still if we never set foot in Mega Furniture again!
1 Terrible experience. I found a couch that I loved and told the sales man that I needed to have it delivered by the next weekend, when I had people coming into town. He told me no problem, the longest it would take to get in was 10 days. He GUARANTEED that it would arrive in time. After 10 days I called, and was told by the person on the phone that it was delayed, and would take another 10 days. I told them I was promised to get it in 10 days and they said that was impossible, all of the time frames they provide are estimates. I told her that the sales man did in fact promise, but that meant nothing to her. I waited the next 10 days, and guess what, I had to call again and was again told that it would be another 10 days to 2 weeks. I asked to speak to a manager and was told that there was not one available. They said that one would call me back which of course didn't happen. 2 weeks later the couch finally arrived, but I will absolutely never give this company business again. They have no problem with lying to people to get their business.
1 This place has terrible service. Their sales team tells you exactly what you want to hear and then it all falls apart from there. I purchased a couch/love seat/3 table combo set from them and told them I needed it delivered on a very specific date. The date I needed the items delivered was about 3 weeks away from the date I was in the store and the salesman guaranteed me that I would have them at the needed time. The day before delivery was scheduled I called to confirm and check delivery time just to find out they didn't have a single piece of the combo I purchased and that there would be multiple deliveries for seperate pieces. When I asked what could be done to compensate me for my trouble they told me they could give me $100 store credit or $50 returned to my card. First...why would you offer store credit to someone that has repeatedly voiced his frustration with your company and its services? And second...that $50 doesn't even cover the delivery fee that they screwed up on. Terrible customer service all around. I will never shop here again and I recommend you take the multiple terrible reviews they have in to consideration before stepping foot in their stores.
1 Whatever you do, don't buy furniture here!  I bought a sofa and recliner at the Tempe location on April 27.  It took over 6 weeks to get the furniture delivered due to their non-existent scheduling system.  The closest they can come to in scheduling a delivery in the day before, and then they can only tell you it will be sometime during a 9 hour period.  They ended up showing up with the furniture when I was not home and my teenage son had to handle it.  After finally getting the furniture delivered, we discovered the mechanism in the recliner did not work.  Again, we had to try and work with the customer service department, all of which barely speak or write English, to schedule a time for a technician to come out.  Again, took an afternoon off work, only to have him arrive at my house at 6pm.  He could not fix the chair.  A new mechanism had to be ordered.  He ordered it and I received a barely understandable email a day or two later telling me the new mechanism would be delivered to my home and that I should call them when I received it to schedule the tech to come out and install it.   The huge box arrived and we had to have it in our entryway for 3 weeks before a tech came out.  In order to finally get somewhat of an "appointment" we had to drive down to the store, and speak to the manager to get a response.   Today the tech finally came to fix the chair.  He had a drill and a wrench--that's it.  I have wood floors and he was going to work on the chair replacing the metal insides with no blanket or rug to protect my floor.   After replacing the mechanism, he figured out it was the wrong one.  I told him I wanted him to take the chair and I wanted a refund.   I called the store--which took multiple tries as their mail boxes are all full and they don't answer the phone.  The tech, Juan, and the person at the store, Perla proceeded to attempt to speak in Spanish regarding the issue.  I had to ask them to speak in English so I knew what was transpiring.  Perla said nothing could be done until the tech came in with a report, even though he was right there.  I asked to speak to the store manager.  Of course, he was not in the store.  At some point another employee got on the phone and tried to hang up on me.  He refused to give me his name.  He acted like I was being unreasonable for wanting to return the chair and that I wouldn't wait until the store manager called me back.   Mark, finally gave me his name, along with the store manager's name,  Al.  He refused to give me last names.  He promised the manager will call me back by 8:00pm tonight.  We'll see. So at this point, I have a chair that doesn't work, and that I no longer  want.
5 I was able to find an incredible deal on a beautiful bedroom set yesterday.  Patty was extremely helpful  and patient while pricing different options.  I would recommend this as a last stop when you are ready to buy! I shopped Design Source, Ashley and a host of others.
1 I placed an order and was told to expect delivery within 10-14 days.  It has now been 7 weeks and still not a peep from this company even though I've called multiple times about the order that I had already paid for in advance.  I am considering my options at this point, but please save yourself a lot of buyer's remorse and stay away from this "business".
1 still waiting....
1 Do not go here. Pay a bit more and avoid this place. I should have relied on what I read about this place. I could go on and on, just take my word for it. I contacted the Scottsdale store they were helpful. Stay away from the Tempe store!!
5 We had a great experience buying a couch and loveseat here. The salesman, I think his name was Ray, was really patient with us and took us through the entire store. We narrowed it down to a couple of choices and went back and forth between them many times. And then we left the store and went to the Dump and Moore. We couldn't find anything we liked as much at either if those places so we went back. We opted to pay the $100 for delivery, it was confirmed the item was in stock and delivery was scheduled for Tuesday (bought on Saturday, Monday was Labor Day). Items were delivered first thing Tuesday morning and we couldn't be happier. Everyone I have interacted with has been very polite and helpful.
1 ...it took well over 100 days, but I finally received my order.  I had to, once again, take the initiative to call them in order to remind them to call their warehouse to see if my order had finally come-in; and i was astounded when they told me it was ready to pick-up (it was a pinch-myself moment).  the only explanation that was ever given was they were having problems with the manufacturer.  no, what you really have is a customer service problem; and it's a crying shame that you can't seem to tell the difference.
5 I keep reading the horrible reviews and am just shocked and confused because MY experience has been outstanding and exceptional each and every time I shop here! I have purchased my sofa and ottoman, dining room table and entire bedroom set from this store and absolutely LOVE my furniture and the shopping experience I had. I am one of those shoppers that will price comparison shop for months to make sure I"m getting the best deal and this store has GREAT prices!! I have never had an issue with having my items delivered and set up, in fact, I  have had exceptional customer service from the delivery company! All their deliveries have arrived well before 10am on the date scheduled! Their guys are professional and clean up their mess when they're done. Mike the salesman is awesome and super helpful and Cara (cashier) is incredibly helpful too! I will be returning to this store again!!
5 Went there on a Friday evening to look at some beds and was greeted by Israel the sales rep. He was courteous and not pushy at all. He let us lay on each bed for a good 10-15 minutes per bed. He answered all of our questions. As we were leaving I decided to ask him if they would price match R&S Mattress. Not only did they match the price they beat it by 5% and since we were hesitant on the $100 delivery charge they also met us half way there only charging $50 for delivery .  A lot of other people mentioned issues with delivery times. We had them call the warehouse to verify availability and they had 2 mattresses IN STOCK. We scheduled delivery for 12/26/13 and the delivery window is 9am-5pm. The nice thing though, you can call the store in the morning to figure out where in delivery queue you at. They can figure that out based on when your merchandise is loaded on the truck. Obviously if your loaded first you'll be at the end of the day but if they load you last, you'll be one of the first deliveries.   They actually called me at 8:30am saying they are on their way to deliver our bed. They showed up right at 9am and were in and out wthin 10 minutes delivering our new Simmons Mattress.   We saved about $300 buying from Mega Furniture. They were cheaper then all the mattress websites and all the big box shops like Sleep America, Mattress Firm, R&S Mattress, USA Mattress, Roomstore etc. I'll go back again and work with Israel the next time I need to buy furniture.
4 So far so good, got furniture ordered! Great deal on a nice bedroom set.  I went to the dump first and was not impressed on the quality for the price.  I will give it a 4 star for now and will update after it is delivered to see if I am still this impressed!
2 They got here today and the started unpacking the furniture and they took the headboard upstairs first only to bring it back downstairs a couple minutes later saying that it is a queen size and not a king... So they put the rest of the bedroom set (boxes) in my garage and said they will deliver my KING headboard tomorrow..... Hopefully they bring the right one and that the stuff in the boxes is right.  I will update again tomorrow once this is all over and hopefully right!
4 They came back today with the right sized headboard.  They got all of our furniture set up and it is beautiful!! They were extremely nice and over all I am happy with mega furniture!
4 The sales staff here are friendly, and will show you all they have that you are looking for. The styles for beds here are more traditional, but they did have some cushy sofas and sectionals in various microfiber fabrics for a reasonable price.
1 I was out with my gf looking for a new bedroom set, so we stopped in to take a look. The salesman introduced himself and we walked around, nothing appealed to me. I didn't get that good feeling while we looked around, funny thing is they had mattresses for 50 percent off but they were twice as expensive as other places. I really can't see why anyone would go there.
1 My husband and I purchased a marble table and sectional couch (Ashley model #213) along with the 5-year warranty back in February 2011 at the Phoenix location off 35th Ave and Glendale (same company, so I thought I would share my experience with everyone). The service we received that day from Esmi, the sales lady, was mediocre, nothing amazing like it was at MOR FUNITURE. The 5-year warranty was clearly a ploy to get another $150 from my husband and I. This weekend I tried filing a claim on that couch (3 years into my 5 year warranty) and the warranty company, GBS Warranty Services, (claims are not even handled at MEGA FURNITURE) tells me my couch is NOT covered by the warranty due to the MATERIAL it is made of.  When I called MEGA FURNITURE to see what they can do about that, since we paid money for a warranty I wanted something to be done. If you notice (and have already bought something from this horrible place) ALL SALES ARE FINAL. Now I see why!! They sell cheap products (cheaply made as well as cheap in price) and are quick to take your money for a warranty that, more than likely, DOES NOT cover your product.  They CLEARLY do not believe in customer satisfaction or gaining repeat business.   I am making it my personal mission to let EVERYONE in the Valley know what they are all about as well as let them in on my own personal experience which was NOT PLEASANT.  PLEASE BE ADVISED:::: DO NOT purchase ANYTHING from here OR their WARRANTIES (they do not cover what they said it would).
1 Upgrade to one star based on the fact that we did eventually get resolution to our issue.  And now the details... We made the mistake of not looking up this store on Yelp when we happened by it after going elsewhere in the same shopping center (The Dump).  We found a kitchen table that fit the bill for the size we had in mind.  We had a very friendly salesman and worked out a price that we could stomach and purchased the set.  Next, how to get this set into our kitchen.  We had two options: 1. have it delivered for a fee or 2. pick it up.  Well, I had a vehicle large enough to accommodate the set, so I wanted to do that.  What's that you say?  I have to go way out to the Avenues to pick it up?  Hogwash!  We opted to pay delivery and not have to don our Kevlar vests to make the pickup.  (OK, I favor the East Valley- sue me).   That is where things went sideways.   The "warehouse" folks did not call the day before our scheduled delivery, which concerned me as that was the one thing I was promised as the time was a range.  No call within a couple hours of delivery so I called the store, who got me the warehouse number.  When I called, I was told that the set was on the truck and on the way.  I confirmed the address and they had the wrong name AND address.  They were trying to deliver my set to some guy out in the WV.  They rerouted the truck and they eventually arrived after 5:00PM when we had a morning delivery scheduled.   Upon assembly, they quickly left and we took some time to inspect the merchandise.  There were two issues: 1. one chair wobbled due to a leg being about 1/2" shorter than the rest.  The second issue was in relation to a bench that came with the set.  It had a upholstered seat and it appeared a box had been placed on it, leaving a depression that was pretty severe.  We gave it 24 hours to even out, but it didn't.  We then called the warehouse and were asked by a skeptical sounding lady to text her pictures of the bench so she can make sure ACME (the manufacturer) would do a replacement.  Instead, we stopped by the store to let them know the issues we had with the delivery.  The customer service manager was very friendly and helpful.  He ordered new legs for the chair and another bench.  The legs came into the store, and I picked those up but there would be a wait for the bench.  Again, they did not call to confirm the delivery window when the promised date arrived.  When I called the warehouse to confirm again, I was told that they ALWAYS call.  I begged to differ but again, she was skeptical.  By the time we got the replacement bench delivered, nearly a month had passed since the original purchase.  Notably, the new bench cushions looked a little different than the other (it was much less loosely covered).  Overall, the store experience was decent (at least I was told what they thought that I wanted to hear), the product quality was mediocre but the delivery process and warehouse employee made me want to...write a review on Yelp.
2 I recently went in here looking for a couch. I knew what I wanted and was just coming back to make sure. Immediately a salesman approached me, and I said I was just looking and he replied with "let me know if you need help". Then he approached me 4 more times in the next 15 minutes. This is way too much.  What he did was make me uncomfortable browsing in this store, and I will avoid it from now on. I am totally ok with a salesman approaching me and doing his or her job, even being a little pushy.. but the fifth and last time he approached me in a 15 minute time span, even he must realized that he was being obnoxious and rude. IF I would have decided to buy from here, then I definitely would NOT have done it through this fool. I would have asked for another salesman, possibly the manager.  As it happened, I ended up going to another store and buying the same two pieces of furniture as I looked at in here - but at a better price. Maybe I should thank this nugget o'turd for saving me money.
