5 I am a local business owner.  Actually my wife owns Sea Turtle Pool Supply. Located at the N/E corner of Baseline and 51st Ave. we needed four tires and figured we would get a quote from this location and were extremely satisfied with the total experience. Staff was great. I do not know any one that works for the company so this is unsolicited. Mark
5 Convenient, fast, efficient, clean,  great customer service. Finally a Discount Tire in Laveen! Even a gorgeous view of the mountain.
5 These guys and gals are awesome. Everyone is friendly and the staff always takes time out of their day to shake hands and small talk with you. They honor their appointments and really do try to get you the best deal available. I'm always in and out so that's even better.
5 As someone who avoids the dreaded work on their car as much as possible, I will say that our experiences at Discount Tire have always been top notch at every location, but this location is the bees knees.    My boyfriend and I have NEVER felt upsold, and have only felt the front end guys inform us about choices, and let us make the decisions without feeling pressured.   Plus, the guys in the shop do a BANG-UP job, compared to bad experiences we've had in the past with other places (cross threading valve caps, ugh).   I will always come to this Discount for my tire needs, because I feel COMPLETELY taken care of at this location. :)
5 Was shocked when I got my bill.  Went in  because my tire pressure sensor light was on and wouldn't reset.   They pulled out a screw  that hadn't punctured the tire, checked the pressure in all four tires and reset the sensor.  My bill total was $0.00.  Does this really happen anymore???you can bet we'll be back for all of our tire service and replacement needs.
5 As a multiple time client I come here because more than anything else, my safety comes first. Discount Tire will ask you about what you are using your vehicle for and how many miles you travel per year. Their prices are competitive and the service is efficient. I drive 35,000 miles per year so heat rating us the most important for me. Your life is riding on your tires. Shop here and get the safest at a great price.
