5 Had great time last night! New Geisha House at this location has beautiful atmosphere, friendly staffs, and delicious food as always!!!  Great job Geisha Family!!!
2 Not really like I want. I went there with my wife for her birthday. I thought we will be have some surprise on it but totally up side down..... Maybe I expect too much. The food ok the chef not very good(no trick) the server kind of not much patient to listen what I want.....  So that's bad experience for us.
5 Yahoo!!!! Finally a Japanese restaurant that is not located on the strip and made for locals! I went to the opening of Geisha Steakhouse with my friends to see what this place is all about and we were so impressed! I will get the point on this review on why this place deserved the 5 star!  1. The decor of Geisha reminds me of a high end strip restaurant... the exotic decorations... contemporary and chic.... huge LED/LCD screens... excellent music.... okay i know i can go on but you get the point. Perfect place for a night out with the girls or on a date!!!!  2. The food and cocktails are so amazing!!! We started off by ordering the Geisha Bliss and Kiwi-licious. The Geisha Bliss is a must have because it has this coconut foam on top that blends so well with the rest of the cocktail. The Kiwi-licious is just like how it sounds... real kiwi and so ono-delicious :)    For food we ordered the salmon and hamachi sushi. You can see in the pic i posted how fresh the fish tasted. We also ordered the shishito peppers, egg rolls, and beef carpaccio.   For entrees we all tried to order different dishes so we can try a bit of everything, we ordered the scallops, braised pork belly, fresh halibut, and braised short rib. While everything was spectacular, the best dish was the braised short rib... .it tasted just like the dish from SHIBUYA @ MGM.... OMG it was so good!!!! the sauce accompanied with the puree of potatoes was fabulous!   For dessert, we ordered the peach cobbler/pie. It was a layer of fanned out fresh peaches stacked with i think filo dough and topped with whipped cream and fresh berries (you can see in the pic). Everything was so so so good.   3. Service was fantastic, everyone was very knowledgeable on the best dishes and cocktails.   I live on the other side of town in Henderson, but if i could i would go there after work for a cocktail and tapas. They are running awesome specials for the locals on their tapas so if its your first time you can try a bit of everything :) For my fellow Yelpers, like their facebook page and you can see their updates on specials!!!  Good job Geisha, I'll be back!!!!
5 I didn't expect such a great restaurant to open up. Me and a couple of my friends were passing by looking for a place to eat and we found geisha steak house. We found out that they recently opened up, the interior of the place is AMAZING. I was breath taken several times that night. We greeted  by an amazing staff wearing traditional japanese clothing. Once seated the servers were amazing to informing us on specials and what not.  So i ordered the Crisp skin salmon and it was delicious not only the taste but the freshness of the food was outstanding.  My friend in the other hand ordered the fire grilled lamb chops and that too was amazing... My over all experience was amazing. One of the best japanese restaurants in summerlin. Ive had my fair share of sushi and japanese cuisine and this experience tops any restaurant
3 I have been here twice since this place has opened...  Food - Great Atmosphere - Great, Just like the Sapporos that was there previously. Prices - Opening specials were amazing, Prices on menu were fair Service - Horrible... All our waitress did was flirt with the manager/owner and twirl her hair for him while we sat waiting for our roll that she forgot to put in, our waters that needed to be refilled, and lastly the check!!!
5 Great new restaurant for locals!!!  Atmosphere:  I was greeted by friendly hostesses that were dressed in authentic geisha kimonos. Cool, trendy, sleek decor with great music. I came here with my boyfriend and dined inside the restaurant, but they have a beautiful patio setting that I will definetly take advantage of the next time I visit. This is the perfect place to bring a date to, or even for a classy dinner for the family.   Food: The sushi was immaculate. The fish was extremely fresh and vibrant. Their ponzu sauce is delicious! It's been a long time since I've had the privilege to taste this quality of sushi. With the entire town flooded with ayce sushi restaurants, it's been nearly impossible for me to find a sushi restaurant that prefers quality over quantity. My boyfriend tried the braised short ribs which he described as melt in your mouth delicious. The Serrano hamachi dish was very inventive. This is usually one of my favorite dishes, but I've never seen it made with yuzu foam which made it outshine all the other places I've tried it at. We also had the lamb pops for an appetizer, and we had to order an extra order because my boyfriend loved it so much. All the dishes were tantalizing to the taste buds.  Service: Our server was attentive, knowledgeable, and patient with our questions, and trust me we had a lot of them to answer. I don't know much about sake, but I wanted to try something new. The server gave me a quick 101 on the different sakes available which made it much easier for me to decide from. The managers came by and checked on us to make sure we had a good experience, which was really nice to see that everyone was eager to serve us well. Most of the things we ordered were recommendations from the server, and I'm glad she was so informative about the dishes. She also served us ginger coffee chocolates at the end of our meal that was complimentary. A perfect ending to a perfect meal.  Price: With the decor and presentation of the food, I would imagine the dishes would be quite pricey. However, that was not the case at all. Extremely affordable prices that I would actually pay double for, but I was glad to be able to enjoy everything for such a great price.   Great job GEISHA HOUSE! I will be a returning customer for sure!
4 We came for dinner on a Thursday night using a $40 Groupon.  I wanted to try it right away so I could buy more Groupons if I liked it.  They were located on W Flamingo Rd/S Grand Canyon Dr in Las Vegas.    There are 3 locations of Geisha House in Las Vegas.  This location recently opened and is open for dinner only at this time.  The internet has pretty photos of the food, but no prices.  The direction that the restaurant faces was a little odd.  There was no parking directly in front of the restaurant.  The décor was elegant and a little dark.  The music was loud like a nightclub.  They had 2 large Hibachi tables, a casual section, and a large bar area.  We were seated in a booth.  We ordered a salad and 3 rolls of sushi,  Everything was on a separate plate.  Ahi Poke Salad: Mix with Diced cut Tuna, Seaweed Salad, and Sliced Onion with Chef's Special Sauce & Sesame vinegar.  It had an orchid on top.   I liked this salad a lot.  Sexy Back Roll ($11.95): Scallop, spicy crab and green onion covered with salmon.  It was presented on a leaf which gave it pretty color.  My friends liked this roll the best.  Mockori Roll (12.95): Shrimp Tempura, avocado, crab, covered with eel and eel sauce.  The shrimp tempura had the tails on.  The batter was heavy and it was not very crispy.  Spider Roll ($10.95): Soft shell crab, cucumber, gobo, kaiware, and avocado wrapped with soy paper with eel sauce on the side.  The crab legs were sticking out which I liked the looks of.  I liked this roll the best and the way it was presented.  Service was excellent.  We got frequent water refills, our plates were cleared frequently, and the manager came by and thanked us for dining there.  We will be back.  My friends bought a couple of Groupons.
5 U must try here  so  assume  interior is good  food good i think this place is best teppan restaurant in  vegas  i tried sushi  it was  so  delicious and  pretty
5 It was great experiece:) It was much much better than what I thought of it!! I am sure that you guys would be surprise w/Geisha house!!! Just one word!! No wonder!! It is Geisha house
5 Oh Vegas, it's been awhile and I sure do miss you!   I stumbled by Geisha House a few days ago during my long-awaited trip and I'd have to say that everything was stellar! The sushi was fresh, well prepared and the presentation was spectacular. Who doesn't love beautiful food?  Nina was our server and she was simply lovely. I'm very picky and so I usually have a ton of questions and she patiently answered them, anticipated my needs in advance and most of all so personable and friendly! She was attentive, sweet and so funny! I felt like she genuinely cared about how my experience and that made everything even more memorable!   Until next time Geisha House,
1 We went there around 10:10 pm i order sushi and sashimi with sake and fews beer. But my gf asking for the bill, We're Never got HH price 30% off in our bill ?? Or maybe b/c i use my groupon ?? i even call to making sure if i can use my groupon and still can get HH price together on the bill and that person on the phone say yes, but wtf ?? Plus i can only get HH at the bar and can only order sushi after 10:30 or 11 something like that, I didn't see the bill till I get home b/c I was drink lot of sake .. And They told me that HH is 10pm -2am &  I have Nothing more to say, but they such a FAT LIAR to your face..
2 Service need more improve, Food is High price and over all ( just ok) Sapporo is much better.
5 This was my third visit in a week and a half using a $40 Groupon.  Spider Roll ($10.95):  This was our second time ordering this roll because we liked it.  There were only 6 pieces of soft shell crab, cucumber, gobo, kaiware, and avocado wrapped with soy paper with eel sauce on the side.     Spicy Scallop Roll ($6.45):  8 pieces of spicy scallop and cucumber sprinkled with black and white sesame seeds.  I probably wouldn't order this roll again, but it was inexpensive.  Salmon Skin Roll ($6.45):  This was the best salmon skin I have ever had.  It was crispy with bonito flakes on top.  I would order this roll every single time.  Dragon Roll ($12.50): California roll with sliced eel and avocado.  The server drizzled the roll with eel sauce table side.  20 Piece Sashimi ($29.95):  The manager brought it out in a bowl.  The sashimi was presented on a bed of dry ice, so it looked like fog/smoke.  What a presentation!  Service was excellent and our waters refilled.  Again the manager came by to check on us with a big smile on his face.  We will be back!
5 I had a wonderful B'day dinner last night at Geisha.  Felix, once again did a wonderful job cooking our food. We ate lobster, filet, chicken, shrimp and drink for about $40.00/ person. There was a mix up in the beginning, I had made reservation with Felix, and a different chef showed up, I panicked, went straight to ask for the manager, he made everything okay. The manager comped us with desserts and for my B'day they sent over flutes of  champagne with edible flowers (that tasted like plums). I think it was one of the best B'day dinner I have ever had in a long, long time
4 Great atmosphere and great service. Delicious food! Had sushi recommended by the waiter and a crazy fishbowl drink called bubble wrap! It had dry ice and was a show in itself
5 Wow, my first time here recommended by a friend. We got seated at "Nina" section and my awesome experience started then!!! She was friendly, knowledge and with a great smile. She started off with drink and ended recommending this amazing Blue Ninja Sakatini and it was "Good"!! I don't eat raw, so I ask Nina for recommendation since she had won my trust from the drink. And she exceeded ALL my sushi expectations with all the knowledge she had with EVERY item on the menu. I work in a bank as a manager and must provide excellent service each day, so I expect the same where ever I go. But "Nina" had far beyond exceeded my expectation! I would recruit her as my Banker just because she is that good with people. To management- I would promote her soon before someone like me who is always looking for great talent will recruit her one day. Thanks for an awesome night!
5 Love it here, the pink sauce is great, the filet hibachi is awesome and they put on a great show
2 I decided to try Geisha House after hearing wonderful things. I was not too impressed, and I'm easy to please! I had veggie tempura, eggrolls and chicken teriyaki. The service itself was excellent and very attentive on a slow Sunday night. The veggie tempura came out with shrimp in it though... I guess there was some kind of mix up. I didn't bother making a fuss of it since the veggie pieces were good. The dipping sauce was too salty though, and I ended up using their soy sauce which was somehow less salty! The eggrolls were more like chicken pepper taquitos. Very peppery and very crunchy, not delicate at all. The chicken teriyaki was fine. It was cooked okay, but bland. Despite the friendly staff, the food definitely needs improvement.
4 Great service.  The staff was very welcoming and the food was pretty good.  I highly recommend the 90% Roll & Geisha Roll had the freshest avocado incorporated into it.  I also got the $30 Geisha Special Hibachi Combo.  It came with a choice of wine or sake--which I picked sake-- ginger salad, soup, a hot plate of shrimp, chicken, steak & veggies and a side of rice.  The atmosphere was entertaining.  I would definitely come back.
5 I had a wonderful experience at Geisha House. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu and offered many suggestions. The food was great and the entertainment at the habachi grill was even better!
5 We love the atmosphere at this new Geisha House location. JC, the manager, was accommodating. Our servers Dylan and Nina were attentive even though it was busy. The food was delicious; and we've been to many sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. If you want a fun place with great music to hang out with a group of friends - this is the place!!! Sit in a booth near the back. That is where all the cool people are ;) Enjoy! We will be back.
2 Honestly, do NOT waste your time and money. There are many other hibachi/teppan establishments around town that don't allow their staff to get wasted while on the clock. Generally, I prefer to eat at restaurants where the waitstaff come check on you more than once every half hour. I also tend to like to spend my money at places where the management actually cares about your concerns. If you want mediocre food and poor service where you are brought the wrong check 3 times and have to wait an additional 15 minutes to leave, then this is the place for you!
4 I'm a huge hibachi fan and recently stopped at this place because I had a groupon. It was a little on the pricey side but the portions were massive, coming with an appetizer, soup, salad, wine or saki, fried rice, veggies, and 3 kinds of meat. I ordered just shrimp instead of one of the combo meals and was very pleased as it was cooked perfectly. I wasn't a huge fan of our chef as I felt the food was under-seasoned but the rest of the service was impeccable. I had alot of fun at this location and I think I'll be back.
5 First time here, great happy hour, great food, great drinks, good portions and there salad was exceptional, and sushi plates.  Will be back again soon, all 9 friends loved it and all of us will return again next week!!!
4 A group of us went to Geisha House for the teppanyaki and had a great time.  The prices were reasonable and the special, which was chicken, filet mignon, and lobster, all with the included sides of veggies, rice, soup and salad, was only like $35.  My friend and I both ordered a roll, mine was the What the Heck and she ordered Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend, they were both delicious but the rolls in addition to the grill food was soooo much food!!!  It all made great leftovers :D The teppanyaki show was, of course, very fun.  Our chef was sociable and talented at volcanoes and egg cracking.  This places uses pink butter which I found a little weird (perhaps to hide undercooked food?  I'm not saying they have undercooked food, I'm just being a bit of a conspiracy theorist), but still tastes amazing and all your food has a pretty pink colour! Service was excellent, my roll was made in the wrong order but with all the right ingredients, and the manager brought it out to make sure that was okay, which I thought was a nice touch.  The soup was very good, I can't remember what all was in it but we all enjoyed it.  There is a peach sake - YOU WANT THAT.  Do not drink it as a beer or wine cooler, even though it may appear to be and taste like one.  My hubby loves teppanyaki and I'm a big sushi fan; this is definitely our new favourite place when we're craving those!
5 Came here to eat on a random day I had sushi and my gf had a salad. The sushi was great and my gf really liked her salad plus the service was very good. This location is new ans the inside of the restaurant is amazing.
5 Again 5 stars, Michael at the bar was attentive assuring our food and drinks were full.  Great food, great service and a great place.  Don't miss this new gem at their new location.  Can't wait till next week will be back!!!!
3 This restaurant has a very large and spacious interior. Upon entering you feel like you're in a chic ultra lounge. My friend and I came in at 6 pm on a Tuesday night and it wasn't very busy. Our waitress offered us their special roll of the night. The way she described it made it sound awesome so we went with it. We also ordered the lamb lollipops, edamame, shrimp tempura crunch roll, and the crab stuffed mushrooms.   The special roll wasn't that special to us, it was more like a dud. It didn't have a lot of flavor and the sauce that accompanied it did not help. The fish used for it wasn't that great either. The lamb lollipops seemed a bit too fatty. Every bite was extremely chewy and consisted of fat so it wasn't that appealing while eating it. The bed of stringed carrots underneath the lamb lollipops did not taste so good either. Our favorites were the shrimp tempura crunch roll and the stuffed mushrooms. Both excellent in flavor and texture! It was also kind of strange that our sushi dishes did not come with any ginger and wasabi. When I requested for it the waitress just brought me back a bowl of pickled wasabi. Something I'm not so familiar with. I tried it and wasn't too fond of it.   The staff was great overall. Our busser was most attentive, always coming by asking if we wanted our glasses refilled and if plates needed to be taken away. We were also given free mochi for checking in on yelp which is pretty sweet. My friend and I were considering going to the happy hour since they appear to have awesome deals, but this location is quite a drive from us since we live all the way in boulder city. I'm not sure how often I'd return here since I wasn't so impressed as I thought I would be.
5 Just tried out this new restaurant in my neighborhood and I was pleasantly surprised.  This restaurant is huge! The decor is modern. There's a huge LED screen behind the bar. A football game was playing. My husband and I chose a booth right across the bar because he wanted to watch the game. Oh well. :)  They have a great selection of food + sushi rolls.  The waitress (I forgot her name) came and I must say she was fantastic. She gave us good recommendations on the dishes she thought we would enjoy.    Here's what we ordered.   Asari miso soup (clam miso), 90% Roll (Spicy soft shell crab, tuna, baked scallops, screaming orgasmic sauce). Lamb lollipop, Green Tea Creme Brûlée with Red Bean Ice Cream  We loved all dishes! The lamb lollipop was melt in my mouth kind of tender!   I was totally entertained by their creative menu too! Someone must be having too much sake while composing that menu. Imagine the server says,"Here, Taste My Ex-Girlfriend and Something's Wrong".  The owner sat down with us for a bit and he was such a sweet person!   Winner! Will be back for more. :)
4 Loved our first visit here, loved everything about the place - ambience, decor, service, quality of the food and the creative dishes. I was quite surprised actually when we first entered, had no idea it was that spacious and beautifully done from the billboard outside. Nice drinks, great sushi, some good ol football on a giant screen, I really enjoyed the place!
5 What can I say... This place is fabulous! From the moment we arrived we felt like they actually wanted us there!  The food was great, the service was by far THE BEST we have had in a very long time and the atmosphere is stunning.   The management and staff are fantastic and if you haven't been here you should definitely go. We will definitely be returning. Thank you Geisha House for finally getting it right and we look forward to seeing you soon!
5 We purchased a Groupon for Geisha House and decided to use it tonight. As soon as we walked in we noticed we came on homecoming night so all of the hibachi tables were booked. We decided to sit at a booth across from the LED wall behind the sushi bar showing football, bonus! Our waitress, Nina, was extremely friendly and very knowledgable about the menu. We ordered the Geisha special, steak shrimp lobster and chicken. As well as the 90% roll recommended by Nina. Finishing off with green tea crème brûlée. Everything was delicious! The entire experience felt as if we were in a restaurant at a high end hotel. We were so impressed we asked for the manager, Jay,  to compliment them. We will definitely return. Thank you Geisha House.
5 Just went there to have dinner with friends! Great atmosphere, good foods, and  wonderful customer service! Best teppanyaki in Las Vegas! Must try~~~
3 I want to give this place a higher score, but I just can't. My friend Christine was the one who brought me to this place a few times. I've been to the other locations around town, but this one is huge compared to the other ones.  The positive: I love the way this place is set up. The decor is awesome and the sushi is quite unique (and in a good way). My favorite has to be the banana roll. The fish is placed upon fried banana slices. At first I was a little skeptical, but after taking the first bite I was hooked. Christine always orders the Mandingo. Without getting too graphic the roll is shaped like a certain body part of a man, complete with boys lol. Ain't gonna lie, it's an awesome roll, but fellas make sure you have a girl order for you. Unfortunately that's about as much as I can say about the positive aspect. The negative: at times they have events there and when they do they blast music like it's a damn club. It's really hard to enjoy your meal when you feel like you're in the middle of XS. On top of it, this place has had 4-5 different "grand opening." How many grand openings can one place have? The service is hit or miss at times, and I have had items never arrive to my table but they sure as heck showed up on my bill.  Overall there are better places for sushi, but I probably be back again because they do offer naked sushi and that is something I would like to experience.
3 Second time I've eaten here in the last month......The staff is very friendly but it seemed like there was a problem with everything .....First the waitress forgot our drinks.....then she bought out the wrong appetizers....Our chef was very good...Food was good but a little pricey for what you get...We had a groupon which also was a problem because the waitress did not know how to take it off our bill...
3 This had all the trappings of a chain carefully designed to appeal to the after work get togethers.  Having said that, my sushi roll was perfectly acceptable and I enjoyed my first cocktail, though the second I tried was more about the over-sized, dry-ice-smoking, blue-concoction than any real attempt at taste or balance. The dessert offerings were down-right sad looking.
5 This is the best hibachi (teppanyaki) in town, much better than the hibachi restaurants I have tried on the strip. Friendly and efficient service. The dinner was entertaining but most importantly the food was excellent. Fried rice was phenomenal. Ingredients were fresh and high quality.  We ordered filet mignon and lobster, both were cooked to perfection.  Highly recommended
5 The weather was finally nice enough to eat outside on the patio.  The music was so loud that I had to ask our server to turn the music down.   We had another $40 Groupon for the 3 of us.  We ordered 3 rolls of sushi and a salad.  Vampire Roll ($11.95): Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Crab, Seared Albacore, Jalapenos with Garlic Ponzu sauce on the side.  I liked this roll and would order it again.  Spider Roll ($10.95):  This is my favorite roll and we have ordered it every time.  Salmon Skin Roll ($6.45):  I liked this roll so much that we ordered it again.  This time it was drowning in eel sauce.  Next time I would ask for the sauce on the side.  Ahi Poke Salad:  This was my favorite salad and we have ordered it a couple of times.  We will be back.
5 Great service, tried teppan and it was good! Fun and tasty drink option. Recommend to try ginger mojito
1 Terrible service, a new low for any restaurant I've been to in years. Low quality fish and ingredients created flavorless sushi. Not even close to being worth their prices. We will not be going back. Maybe the non-sushi items or the hibachi tables are better, but all we ordered was sushi.
5 Came here for my sister's birthday celebration and what a great experience! I had a big group and it was all our first time so we came here during happy hour to try out their selection. This location delivered phenomenal service! Every person was taken care of and dishes came out in a timely manner. I started with the white peach sake which could go through a couple rounds among 3 people. It was so delicious--I may have to order a whole bottle to myself next time! Items on the menu were fairly priced with great portions. I tried the lamb chop lollipops which wefe so tender and delicious. A few friends of mine tried the geisha special where they cooked the items in a grill right before your eyes. What a great variety with shrimp, chicken, lobster and filet mignon which were cooked tonperfection. After a few hours we decided to hang out by the bar and order drinks. The staff were very friendly and the managers were so attentive coming by to check up on our group. I honestly cannot wait to go back to the whole teppenyaki experience and naked sushi!
5 We went here for our Anniversary, we Yelp'd it and read the reviews. I think this place is awesome, it was nice to get out of the Casinos and Casino Restaurants. The good was awesome, prices were very reasonable and it was alot of fun, yes the music was a bit loud, but we were in a party mood and it all just worked. I recommend this place, Food, drinks and Staff were very good, this place is a must and we will come back
5 First time eating here and it was great!!! We did teppanyaki and had an amazing time. I had the chicken and it was cooked and flavored perfectly. I also had the lychee martini which was amazing!!   The service was incredible. Our chef was amazing but I can't remember his name. :( Nina was amazing as well! She was always checking on us to see if we needed anything. Thank you for the excellent service.   We will definitely be back soon! Thank you Geisha House!
5 My girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night for the Hibachi part of the restaurant. It has been probably close to 3 years since we've had hibachi style so we were super excited!  Our first impression upon entering the restaurant was that it was really clean, and super modern looking. I kinda got the feeling of entering a nightclub/lounge but when we walked by the lounge area, the grills could all be seen along the one end of the restaurant.   The grills themselves had a pretty cool view of the restaurant and the bar, kinda overlooking it. Also, there was a huuuuuge projection of the dodgers game being played.  The food was great... We both got their geisha house special which included shrimp, lobster, chicken, and filet mignon steak. It also included soup, salad, fried rice, and a free drink or sake. The fried rice tasted a bit bland to me, but overall I was satisfied with everything.  I think we plan on returning here whenever we're craving hibachi style Japanese food!
5 I decided to treat Soralala to dinner for her birthday but when we got to Geisha House around 10:30 we found out the dining room had just closed.. aww no probs because their bar/lounge/patio area is pretty nice.. actually their whole restaurant is very aesthetically pleasing! We chose to sit in a cute little love seat and were greeted by the pretty bartender, Marissa.. We were then told that after 10:30 only the Happy Hour menu is available.. another bummer but not a big deal because their HH has a handful of light bites and yummy dranks which is what we were looking to do anyways. The general manager, Christian, then came over to us and checked our IDs and realized it was Sora's birthday and convinced us to move to the bar and enjoy a round of shots on him ;]]]   We tried a lot of yummy items: - Pork belly skewers: Sora really liked these! They come with 3-4 little pieces of pork belly accompanied by a couple pearl onions. They did not quite melt in your mouth but they packed good flavor. - Mixed tempura: Came with like 3 pieces of shrimp and 2 pieces of veggies. Was not oily and stayed crunchy. -Lamb Lollipops: Came with 2 pieces. I enjoyed these.. they were not overly gamey at all. However, Sora thought they were a bit over-cooked.  -Something's Wrong Roll: I would have liked this one better if it was not deep-fried. - Salmon Carpaccio: SO SO SO SO GOOD! The salmon was so buttery and fresh. Plus it comes with pretty edible flowers that have a citrus taste to them. Best part is that dish is only $5 on their HH.  -Lychee Martini: Marissa made this one so DELISH. Not overly sweet and the pretty edible flower finishes it off so well!  -Ginger Sake Mojito: Excellent twist on the mojito! Lots of fresh mint leaves! -Geisha Blessing: beautiful green colored rum cocktail topped with thick whipped cream... meant to drink without a straw so that the flavors compliment each other.. sure to give you a cute creamstache lol -Cucumber cocktail: OMG to die. so refreshing!!! Definitely our fav of the night! -Bubble-wrap cocktail: Featured on the Las Vegas Weekly and Seven Magazine. Very creative cocktail.. Something in the ingredients causes the cocktail to start to bubble and resemble bubble-wrap. Fun drink, comes in a huge glass.. Tastes like creamy coconut milk~  -Shots: They have a full bar so we also had some Vegas Bomb Shots and Sora requested a special shot and they had no problem following her directions and whipping it out for us.   This location just opened so it was pretty empty when we got there.. But Marissa and Christian were very friendly and kept us company. As you can see, by the time we left we were quite happy and satisfied. I can't wait to go back for another Happy Hour session and also to check out their main dining room!   HOT TIP: Ask for the GM, Christian, to show you his flair bartending tricks... he's amazing! Also, they host many special themed events in their lounge where they have a DJ and hookah.. such as Latin nights and Naked Sushi... They even do comped bottles for groups of ladies ;]]]
5 We were at the Geisha House about two weeks ago when we were visiting Las Vegas and it was a great experience.  The food was great... We had their geisha house special which included shrimp, lobster, chicken, and filet mignon steak.  In addition, it also came with soup, salad, fried rice, and a free drink or sake.  Everything was delicious and the hibachi experience was great.  I had my nine-year-old son with me and he also loved the food.   I would definitely recommend you try this restaurant.
4 Service was wonderful! We did the teppanyaki. We had to wait 30 min which is ok but the rest of the restaurant was empty. They should really have more teppanyaki stations. The food was good. Not my 1st pick for teppanyaki but wouldn't mind going there again.
5 We had an exceptional time. Our chef at the Teppanyaki table was very entertaining and efficient.  Everyone at our table was delighted with their dinner.  The soup was very flavorful, the salad with ginger dressing was very nice, the smoking drink was something new, which we had fun with.  Very Entertaining, but Caution. Dry ice is so cold it will burn you. Do Not Touch It! The waitress happily brought us fresh ginger.  The all-inclusive price was very reasonable.  So happy to have such a nice restaurant open up in this neighborhood. We took our time and were not rushed at all. The manager who greeted us was very polite and welcoming. Great Experience!
4 Great food. Attentive service. My only complaint was the long wait for our chef to arrive to the table. We had my 2 YO daughter with us, and I was shocked she was as patient as she was. In their defense, it was a Friday night & we didn't have a reservation.   I highly recommend someone in each party ordering the Geisha Special, especially if your party would like an appetizer & is open to drinking sake. My husband ordered it with the egg roll as his appetizer. The egg roll was a large enough appetizer for 3 people! It also came with a small hot sake. Great value!
5 Great look, great vibe, great time. That pretty much sums up my night at the new Geisha House on W Flamingo.  I was very impressed with the look of this new location. This new Geisha House is really set up well. Whether you are there for hibachi, casual dining, sushi, or a drink, you really can't go wrong.   The first thing I noticed when walking in was the giant LED screen behind the sushi bar. It really sets the tone for the restaurant and lets the guests know that the décor is a high priority at this location. The restaurant is also quite spacious when compared to the other Geisha Houses which adds to a more elegant atmosphere. Additionally, it's a perfect place to watch monday night football!!  Their selection of draft beer is exceptional! My night was spent at the bar while I tried different appetizers, sushi, and drinks. The food and drinks combined for a great combination while socializing with friends. They offer several special cocktails on the menu including the Ginger Sake Mojito, which I found to be really good.  The service was great as the staff was very friendly and helpful and had a good familiarity with the menu despite the restaurant being open for such a short time. Management also seemed to take an interest in our dining experience as they stopped by to see how we were doing and if everything was ok.  Overall I was very impressed with this Geisha House and definitely plan on returning soon for some hibachi. This first visit was really made to check out the new location and see how it felt. I must say it made a good impression on me as I plan on returning soon for another fun night. :)
4 Had an awesome meal here last night!  The food and service was fantastic.  Our chef, Dylan, had only been working there 2 weeks but he had some of the best tricks we'd ever seen.   The decor is also really pretty and interesting.  The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it was really pricey and also freezing cold.  It was a cold night but they should have cranked the heat more i had my jacket on for the first part of the meal.  Nonetheless I would highly recommend this place.  I haven't been to the other locations, but this one nailed it with the food.  Yum!
4 AMBIANCE: 5 - the area is really open and intimate! there are large booths, sushi bar, bar area w/ 2 sports screens, hibachi (which is really cheap--37 to 40 bucks), private area..this place is pretty big! and it looks like a cool, modern Asian club ;)   SERVICE: 5 - the service was really great! there wasn't a huge amount of people so they catered to everyone really well! the manager was always walking around checking on everyone, and the servers are really prompt!   FOOD: 4 - It was really good and fresh! the sliders I really liked and a lot of the sushi rolls! the love roll is my favorite, it doesn't have rice :) I've had better, but this was pretty good!  I'll have to come back next time and try the hibachi!   Local specific info: make reservations! buy the groupon! (if still available) try sake or a special cocktail!!
4 Come see Danny!! He was great! Funny and energetic! The food was amazing as always! The cocktails were delicious! The poor bartender was by himself and took him awhile to make drinks but well worth the wait! I love this place and the happy hour is great as well. Our new spot after working out at Ilovekickboxing! ;)
4 Went here Monday for my birthday and had a great time.  We made reservations for a hibachi table at this location but was told they didn't have it when we got there.  If not for that I would give 5 stars.  So we waited in the dinning area and ordered appetizers.  When the table was available we were moved over.  Our chef, Dylan, was so nice and funny.  He kept us entertained and the food he cooked was so good.  The chicken and steak were so moist and juicy.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  We had the landlover meal but next time I will get the seafood special even though I don't like lobster just to have more of those supple shrimp.  I will request Dylan of course.  He even made a little rice cake with a candle on it for me.  All of the staff I encountered were very friendly and the ambiance is really nice.
3 Beautifully decorated and spacious restaurant. Delicious drinks. Good sashimi.  As for the teppanyaki, I thought it was a rather average experience. Essentially you're paying $20 for a plate of mediocre vegetable fry rice that some chef made in front of you. And what's up with the pink paste that they used to fry the rice with? It made everything pink and unpleasant looking. You're better off spending the money on something else here.  If I ever come back here, it would be for the drinks and sushi only.
5 Absolutely love the atmosphere at the new geisha house location off flamingo. The food is exceptional and the service was impeccable. The servers were exceptionally polite and very attentive throughout our meal. The sushi was phenomenal and we loved the music. Will def be going back sometime soon. The place was packed and yet it didn't seem like any of the staff was overwhelmed. Great time.
4 Happened upon this place due to a deal on Groupon (which, turns out wasn't for this location, but the one on Ft. Apache, which, by the way, is no longer "Geisha House". We didn't find out the error until it was time to pay. We'd told the host upon arriving that we had a Groupon so either this location was running it's on Groupon deal or the host didn't understand what I was saying. Anyway...). The teppanyaki tables were taken so we  were seated in the dining area.   The decor is stunning. Elegant yet hip. Comparable to any Strip restaurant. Dark and intimate, even though it's a large place. Our waitress was super nice and made some great recommendations.  I started with a lychee martini. It was a little on the sweet side but good. I think it could have used a fresh lychee or two.  We ordered the Japanese Hot Rocks for an appetizer. This is a cook-it-yourself dish and was quite tasty. The strip loin medallions are very thinly sliced. You dip them in the accompanying sesame sauce then throw them on the hot rocks and let them cook for a few seconds on each side. Nice, light start to a meal.   We shared (as recommended by our waitress) the Geisha Special. The special came with soup and salad. The salad was fine, the soup was flavorful and good. We went with the egg rolls to start and they were delicious. Crunchy exterior wrapped around yummy goodness. The steak was perfectly cooked and the rice was colorful, sweet and savory. A ton of food but very good.  For dessert, we ordered the green tea creme brulee with red bean ice cream. The custard was FANTASTIC! Its base was perfectly silky and generously infused with green tea. It wasn't too sweet so it balanced well with the crispy sugary top. The red bean ice cream was very creamy but I thought it was bland. I'm not familiar with red bean ice cream so I don't have much to compare it to. I know Japanese desserts tend not to be as sweet as their American counterparts so maybe this is what it's supposed to taste like. Either way, I thought the ice cream was bland.   The dishes, from start to finish, were beautifully executed and presented. I've tried several teppanyaki places in Summerlin (Hoikaddo, Ohjah, the place that used to be Geisha House on Ft Apache and is now something else) and this is my favorite.
2 Walked in on a Friday night and waited for someone to decide to help us. Lots of staff just walked by till finally someone came and helped us. There were visably at least 5 or 6 available tables but still we were told a 30-45 minute wait? really? we went across the street and got a table right away. This place is pretty but that seems about it all it has to offer.
4 Great hibachi! Expensive, of course, but very good! I got steak and they give you a few shrimp, so that's straight. The sauces were delish; especially the whitish one (haha I wish I knew what was in it, it's awesome). They put on a show, the whole she-bang. It was a birthday dinner with a bunch of friends so good times. The salad could have been better, but all in all, it was alot of food and very tasty. :D
1 Really bad service, waited an hour for my food, water barely got refilled. I don't know why we had bad service while the restaurant is half empty. All entrees didn't get to the table at once and one order was messed up.
4 it's Valentines day and we decided to try something new.   it's a really cute place. Kinda reminds me of Benehanas but BETTER quality in food. We had to sit in the grill area even tho I wanted to be seated at a table but it was a 45 minute wait. Good thing we got seated with fun cute couples. Our chef was delightful. The food was really good and flavorful. had a Blue sapphire cocktail which was so good. The couple next to me let me try their Green Apple Sake which was delicious!   Over all a good experience. Only bad thing was we got there almost closing and towards the end they were practically pushing us out the door.
5 Overall great experience!! We made reservations for Valentine's day and it was great service no wait!! Food prices were perfect the sushi and the chefs at the grill were fun. Better then benihanas by far in pricing and interaction with the customers! Def a must go if your in town!
5 The sushi is always great here. I had the muchi-muchi roll tonight and it was awesome. I try to order a new roll every time but if this was all I could eat for the rest of my life I'd be a very happy woman.
4 Watch your back Benihana.    Geisha House is sexy, off-the strip and not sporting tourist bilking prices.  I came upon this new(ish) location when looking for teppanyaki on a Saturday night.  It's in the old Sapporos spot.  I really loved Sapporos and was afraid to even go here for fear that it would start the grieving process all over, but Geisha House was good enough to make me forget about Sapporo.  Although this place still looks a lot like Sapporos, there are 12 teppanyaki tables, 2 of which are in VIP and 2 of which are outside.    There were 5 of us and everyone really enjoyed their food.  I split the Sealover Special - scallops, lobster and shrimp complete with salad, soup, entrée and a free drink - wine, soft drink or sake.  For $39.95, it's a steal of a deal.  I also had the 90% sushi roll and was very impressed.  Service was a little iffy, but the chef and a helpful server (Harrison, I think) tried to smooth out the rough patches.  The chef was probably one of the more entertaining chefs I've ever had.  Much better than my experience at the teppanyaki table at Ohjah.  They do happy hour every day in the bar/patio area until 9 p.m. and I can imagine the patio would be awesome on a hot Vegas night.  Fun spot.
3 decent food ot the best not the worst probably wont be back
3 I had some sashimi, mochi for dessert, hubby had pan roasted salmon. It's all good but honestly nothing that spectacular and not worth the prices. I didn't have anything in particular that was good enough to bring me back or go into further detail with this review. Oh and we did have some honey toast for dessert as well, I definitely do not recommend this from here, way over cooked and just not very good.
5 Great food, fun and entertaining for the entire family. We love the decor and the service is excellent.
5 Spent the evening at Geisha House in Las Vegas with local friends who live in Vegas. The atmosphere was very cool. It was a sexy modern asian theme and very nice. We had leche martinis and they were awesome. We tried all the appetizers and every one was better than the next. We definitely visit there again when we return in the Fall.
5 Excellent food!!!! Dylan put on awesome show and was very friendly. I'll definitely come back to this location :)
5 This was our first visit to the Geisha House on Flamingo. We were joined at our table by a wonderful family who were visiting from California (one young lady was a Las Vegas local cousin). As luck would have it when the waitress asked if anyone was celebrating a special occasion Matt, one of the sons, said it was his birthday. An interesting coincidence as it was mine as well. This started a very pleasant evening. My wife and I ordered the Geisha special which is a ton of food. The tempura appetizers are lightly coated and very flavorful, a wonderful choice. The soup is very good while the salad is average. The combination of steak, chicken and lobster was a great way to enjoy a range of entrees. After dinner the staff surprised Matt and I with complimentary ice cream desserts with a birthday candle on top. The food was excellent but the service was even better. Our waitress was wonderful and Dillon our chef was personable and did an excellent job. It was a great time for a special occasion  and both parties felt exactly the same way.
5 Great Happy Hour!! Friendly staff and the food is always on point! Get here early though to get a good spot on the patio.
2 Not sure how the 4 star happened. 4/13 520pm sitting at the Sushi Bar. Seems everything sushi came with a lemon. Lemon kills the sushi flavor.  All the soy sauce bottles empty which is interesting because this place is over staffed. The HUGE LED TV looks strange not a true LED. Maybe if you use 4D glasses the picture will become super KUHL?  Hey where is the Wasabi? Sorry dude you only get a small green DOT. So I ask the Sushi Chef - Which SAKE would you get? I'm thinking this is going to be good.. He knows whats up! Sushi Chef says just get the house Sake its good. Aaaah no its not good. Well sad to say I will not return for the Hibachi treatment either... I approve this message J K KOOL...
4 Finally made it out to this place and I think I might have just found my Happy Hour most fave spot!   The outside seating area is absolutely beautiful! Once the sun has gone down, they turn on the cool patio lights and it gives this place such an awesome, relax feel.   We sat at the sushi bar and ordered a few rolls from their HH menu-all were delicious! Highly recommend the Crazy Horse Roll, total orgasm in your mouth! Tried the Strawberry Martini, which initially was too strong but our fabulous bartender, Ryan immediately fixed it up and made it chuggable ;)  Service was great, establishment was clean fancy shmancy and prices were reasonable. What more can we ask for?  Oh-don't forget to check-in on Yelp for your free Dessert! That too was amaze balls!!
5 How could one not want to sit and enjoy the company of your friends and family while a super talented and personable hibachi chef cooks you guys fresh made to order good merely a couple feet from your face
5 First time here and I have to say I enjoyed  everything it was soooo amazing!! I had about five of their tapas all very good, simbal wings full of flavor not too spicy, salmon carpaccio light fresh and delicious, lamb lollipops soooo unexplainably good. I don't know what more I can say everything blew my mind nothing close to what I was expecting!!!
3 Went here for Happy Hour 4pm-9pm. Had a Japanese Lasagna sushi roll $7 and a 3 piece sampler $5. Just looking at the sushi menu, it seems a little spendy. I get Japanese lasagna everywhere I go and this one was just OK.  The restaurant is very nice, with about 5 teppanyaki tables inside and 2 out on the patio which is pretty cool. I've always thought Geisha Steak house had the best teppanyaki meal in Vegas, I just haven't had one for awhile.  Drinks here were just OK as well, nothing exciting to rave about. Had a strawberry martini and a sake/ginger mojito. I'd come here for the cool ambiance again. Service was pretty good too.
3 Fantastic food (& I'm not a sushi lover!)  Great happy hour prices! Service could have been better,  had to bus our own table (bar tender trying to tend bar and wait tables)
4 Went to Geisha House tonight and had a great experience.  Our waiter, Barry, was super professional and very personable.  We ordered both sushi. (love the lasagna rolls) and the scallop special, chef made a special dessert for us!  Those  banana wontons were so delicious.  My only critique would have been to space the dishes a bit more since we were sharing everything.  We will return!
1 The worst customer service by management I ever experienced. After admitting that the staff  gave the wrong information pertaining to the usage of A Living Social certificate, the supervisor refused to redeem it for our meal. Food was definitely not worthy of anything but a coupon,
1 I have been dying to check out Geisha House for months because all of the rave reviews on Yelp! My expectations were somewhat higher than usual simply because of all the great reviews. Although, I had an absolutely horrible experience. The server didnt seem interested in waiting on our table. We waited a good 5-8 minutes before she greeted us. I did order some wine which I enjoyed but honestly that was the only good part of my meal. I decided to get sushi and my date ordered a meal. His meal came out within a reasonable amount of time, but we were not impressed. I ended up not getting half of my sushi. I told the server I would just go through a drive-thru and gave up after waiting for them to correct it. Our bill was $70 & I didnt even get my sushi rolls!
1 Wow. I guess we just had a really bad service  or the chefs simply sucked that night. We ordered Miso Soup for starters and that was the end of our service because the Miso Soup was sour and disgusting. SMH!   Other than that the place is very beautiful and friendly staff. They apologize, however we will not be returning. First impression of taste of the food is everything, after all I go to Culinary School.
2 Quick Look: Average Sushi and Sub-Par Service.   In Depth Review: Made the 20+ minute drive from the other side of the valley to try a "new" place on Thursday, May 15th.  We arrived at 7:30pm and were greeted by a lovely Geisha and seated at a nice table on the patio. Was surprised how empty the massive space was. The busiest part was the bar and patio area. It was a younger looking, "happy hour" type crowd.   After being seated by a nice little waterfall feature we were handed multiple different sized menus w/o and explanation as to what they were all about. Was a bit confusing. We sat at that table for a few minutes w/o being greeted or being offered water or having our drink order taken. A male waiter shows up and asks if our waitress has stopped by the table yet, we say "no" and he say's he will take our drink order. After he departs with the order a female waitress shows up and asks if she can now take our drink order. Huh? We got a signature Ginger Mojito and a Sake Sangria (made with cucumbers). Drinks were delicious although my hand was sticky from the spillage on the outside of my glass.   Asked the female waitress what "specials" they had that day and she could not answer me. Had to leave to check on the specials and come back and tell me. This is a big restaurant so it's not like this just took a minute, a few minutes would pass so she could walk all the way to the kitchen.   So we place our order - (salmon sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, tuna sashimi, Japanese lasagna roll, spicy tuna roll and the special that included steak, scallops and tuna over a bed of lettuce in an "orgasm" sauce). I had initially attempted to order a few fish items listed on the menu and was told they were not available (example: amber-jack). Asked for at least three different items and was shot down. That's confusing, remove them if not available & place the specials somewhere the customer can see them.   Food starts to arrive all at once, bad timing. I like my sushi restaurants to time the plates so that they are not all sitting in front of me. Tuna sashimi was "fishy" and my wife refused to eat it after the first bite. All the sashimi pieces lacked that fresh fish "snap" I find at the better sushi restaurants in the city. On a positive note they do give generous pieces of fish at a good price.   The sushi rolls certainly looked nice when they arrived. The rice was hard and not the soft, sticky rice you will find at a fancy sushi house (Yellowtail, Nobu). The hard rice caused my nice looking sushi rolls to fall apart when I tried to pick them up with the chopsticks. Rice tasted like the low budget stuff you buy in bulk at a warehouse like Sam's Club. The special that day was steak, scallops and tuna over lettuce in an orgasm sauce. Was presented well, a huge portion but was given a plate full of the hard heel pieces of the lettuce that nobody eats & the steak was overcooked and tough like leather. The Japanese Lasagna roll was the tastiest item we had, certainly recommend that item.   As we finished the items and pushed our dirty plates to the other side of the table, nobody came to remove the dirty plates. They just sat there, obviously empty, as multiple employees (and managers) walked by the table and never removed them. The removal of the dirty plates seemed to be an issue as our waitress went to get the check, took our credit card and cashed us out all while the dirty plates still sat on the table in front of us. I finally asked a busboy to remove them and let him know they had been sitting there 20+ minutes. He was going to walk by the table w/o removing them when I stopped him. He apologized & blamed the dish removal on the bar staff.   Had other service related issues while we were dining, like: a runner showing up and dropping off a plate meant for our neighbors at another table, waitress forgetting to come and take our drink order when she said she would: "be right back," waiter grabbing drink order and forgetting to put the drink order in, two drinks showing up when it should have been just one - etc. Just seemed like they had a lot of service related issues. Got a very amateur vibe & the two of us were spun with all the errors & lack of service over site. Think some additional training is necessary and that goes for whomever is leading this confused group.   Summary: was not worth the long drive and too be honest, we were a bit disappointed. The mediocre plates may have been over looked if the service was top-notch? Too much confusion going on here. Beautiful restaurant and space. Hopefully management & the owners take notice and bring this place up to par with the fine sushi establishments in the city. You have great potential w/ that location!
4 Great happy hour spot! Bar seating was pretty open, not too busy. Service was excellent. My friend and I ordered a few small plates to share and a couple of their unique signature cocktails. Their sake blend cocktails were so unique and so delish! Def recommend trying. Their small plates were decently priced, but very small portions. Almost unable to share. Ordered their garlic edamame and it had red chili spices. That was a surprise. Nice twist, if you can stand the heat. For me, it was far too much. I'll return, mainly for the cocktails and friendly service, but I'll make my food choices more wisely.
2 Food is decent. Service from most staff horrible. We went in at 8:30pm, on a weekday; only 4 tables were occupied. They told us "5 minutes"... Go figure! The whole place was empty. 15 minutes later, they still would not sit us down, I almost got up and left.  The bartender would not let us carry our tab into the table; I had to settle that separately. LOW CLASS.  Our waited was very nice and that is the only reason I am giving this 2 stars instead of no stars. I will not go back.
2 The first time soon after they opened, NOT IMPRESSED AS THEY GAVE OUR SUSHI TO THE TABLE NEXT TO US BY ACCIDENT AND SAID IT WAS ON THE HOUSE TO THEM,  but THEY LEFT US STARVING WITH THE TAB WHEN THEY GOT IT CORRECT! THAT IS SOO WRONG!  I vowed never to come here again and drive 15 minutes extra for decent sushi elsewhere.  After about 9 months later  a friend wanted to come for happy hour...it was decent sushi but SLOW!!! Almost intentionally slow.   I am still not impressed, no matter how nice the servers are...
3 I went to the Geisha House and it was just ok. I had their Geisha House Special at the hibachi table. Some of the meal was good and the rest was  ok. Their shrimp tempura was good. Their they use A LOT OF GARLIC BUTTER. If you do not like garlic butter then this is not the place for you. Our cook used sooooo much garlic butter that I started asking "why so much of this". It was out of control with the garlic butter, my guest and I had major garlic breath. I will go back for the Shrimp Tempura Only!!!!
4 I had the sushi bar here on Saturday June 28, 2014. I love it very fresh and tasty. It was 8:30 so no one else at the Sushi Bar. Lots of others having hibachi which I did not want to do. They also an FMA event starting at 10:00 PM to 3:00AM it is a great party with a DJ who keeps the dance floor PACKED. If you are looking for a good time it a place to go. I am going to review that separately.
3 Came here for the first time with my family, we wanted to try something different so we decided on this place.  ATMOSPHERE: We came in right when dinner service was about to start, so the place was basically empty.  The decor was really nice and the bar had a HUGE tv set up behind which was cool.  I'll probably have to check this place out once it's later at night to see it's full potential.  It's cool because there are teppanyaki grills, a nice bar, high tables and regular booths so there are options for big or small groups.   FOOD: The food itself had it's highs and lows.  My family and I went with the teppanyaki grill and we ordered from that menu.  I myself ordered New York Strip steak with the rest of the other food.  The steak itself was good, cooked to medium, the vegetables cooked on the grill were good.  The ONLY thing I question is the use of the "pink sauce."  Our chef Kevin even said it's something that not all people enjoy and I wasn't one of them.  It's some sort of seasoning combination that really didn't add much to the food.  He put it on everything basically but I'm sure that he has to as part of the job.  Would much rather prefer actual spices on the food.  SERVICE: Service was decent at best, but our chef Kevin was the one that stood out.  He was really cool, personable and joking with us while he was cooking.  Pretty young start-up in the teppanyaki game, but I hope he does well and makes his way up to the higher standards of teppanyaki restaurants like those on the Strip.  He made the whole experience worth it.
5 As soon as we came in we loved the place! The staff was very friendly and sat us right away. (It was a Monday night). We ordered the Geisha special which comes with lobster, chicken and fillet mignon with an appetizer and wine or sake and we shared it. Awesome portions and the food was delicious!! We will be back regularly!
5 So. Delicious. We are from out of town and were staying up the road. Decided to give it a try and were we sooooo NOT disappointed. This was some of the best sushi I have ever had. Thanks Ryan (manager maybe owner) your service was top notch.
1 On June 29th, I saw a "deal" on Living Social for this restaurant located at 9719 W. Flamingo Road. I read the details to my husband and we decided to buy it. I called yesterday (July 13) around 12 pm to place my reservation for last night. The restaurant was not open yet, but I left a voice mail and my call & they returned around 4 pm. I told the person making the reservation about my Living Social deal and she set up a reservation for us for 7 pm. She asked for my name and phone number at that time.  We live near the M Resort, so my husband and I left our home around 6:35 to get to the restaurant on time. We were actually quite excited for the "experience" we thought we were going to have. We planned on trying a couple of sushi rolls in addition to details listed within the Living Social deal.   When we arrived, I told the hostess my name and she proceeded to tell me that the manager wasn't going to accept my Living Social deal, saying that it had already expired. I pulled up the voucher on my phone and showed her that the expiration date was September 10, 2014. She seated us (although I asked to sit at a table for 2 versus a booth for 6, but was instead seated at a half booth/half chair table) and I thought that the Living Social ordeal was solved, but the server came to the table and said the same thing. I accessed the voucher again in my phone and she only said that the manager was not going to honor the deal I purchased just 2 weeks prior. I asked to speak with the manager and we waited for a few minutes. The restaurant was not busy and I felt that we waited long enough for attention from the manager, so we left. When leaving, at the hostess station, I again made sure that the hostess verified the expiration date of our voucher and took a business card, on which I asked her to write her name on it. In all of that time, I was never approached by the manager.  I worked in restaurants for several years in my late teens and twenties. My husband and I eat out at least twice a month. When we find a place we like, we always return. Our bills at restaurants are always $100 (or more) for the two of us as we always order drinks and often appetizers or desserts. We did not need a free meal (which isn't totally true because I did pay just under $50 for the deal). Besides, as I already mentioned, we would've spent another $50 at least on drinks and sushi. I have called Living Social and have received a refund. WE WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS LOCATION. Although the hostess and waitress are mildly at fault (They had my phone number for a LONG time, they should have called me BEFORE we drove 25 minutes if there was a problem). This was the most extremely poor management example I have ever witnessed, and that needs to be addressed. Let's show these jerks how Yelp Works!
