1 To give me a small break on price the owner took a tool that is supposed to come with the Miele homecare s8 package, This in my opinion is not ethical.  Would a car dealer take out yur floor mates to cut you a deal?  I recommend purchasing online and saving on the taxes and not feeling like you were taken advantage of, left a Bad taste.
5 I needed a quick fix on an old vacuum .... These guys fixed it fast and cheap ... They fixed my vacuum in 15 minutes .... Fast great service !
5 When my vacuum doesn't seem to work I am very unhappy.  Taking it into a repair shop is the last thing I want to do.  Lucky for me I found Elite Vacuums Plus.  I was greeted immediately and welcomed into the shop.  The owner was able to recognize the problem right away and assured me that all the work to repair the vacuum would be covered under warranty.  He called me a few days later to say it was ready.  I fully expected it to take at least a week or longer.  Thank you Elite for such great service.  It is nice to find a shop with so much pride in their business.
5 Came in to have my Dyson serviced... Walked out with a great deal on a refurbished Kirby! (It was kinda what I prayed for) Great customer service.  No pressure.no cheese ! 100% happy & satisfied with my experience!
1 DONT EVER GO THERE, this Jerk and the store are bunch of Cons!!! unfortunately Electrolux Vacuum cleaners use this racist and Anti-Semi place with no other option to repair vacuums in Las Vegas. they are slow contrary to the other reviews, they are not nice, not welcoming and let you feel they do you a favor by fixing your vacuum. maybe we should do a favor to them and teach them lesson how to behave to customers than blaming us for their incompetency! it might take them weeks to repair it, not days not hours and there is absolutely no way there are going to fix it on the spot, they never check vacuum when it arrives. they are not willing to start a claim unless they call you to confirm your information, even when the service man wrote it down and they can't understand it! instead calling the vacuum manufacture and process the claim they are waiting for you to call them. bunch of unprofessional with too many opinions, too much negativity and as far as I'm concern I will never put my feet in this rotten place and you shouldn't either. this is not how you treat people I can't understand how Electrolux has only them in Vegas and not giving any other option!
