5 Company was very inviting and nothing was done with less the excellent service. I would recommend then to anyone looking to save on hotels or night life ventures throughout Las Vegas!
5 Let me start of by saying I have recommended 10 other respected nightlife hosts use this website to save their personal clients money/HOOK THEM UP, AND THEY STILL DO. You get the personal touch of Vegas nightlife/hotel aficionados giving you their suggestions and contacts for you to use.  It makes your stay in Sin City as cost efficient, memorable, and all around uncomplicated as possible.  Byron and Cody know the in's and out's of this City. Have question's? They are there.  Need a hook up at Hakkasan, XS, Marquee, Wet Rebublic, Encore Beach CLUB, ETC, they don't just have a guy.  They have a friend.  When you book wwe.vegashotelescapes.com you get everything from top to bottom.  Limo's, Gun Ranges, Club's, Pools, Tours, Helicopters, EVERYTHING.  Save yourself some money and book through the best.
5 I just returned from a bachelorette party in Vegas.  I was hosting the party, so a friend recommended Vegas Hotel Escapes to me, and I was put in touch with Byron.  He was a life saver when it came to helping me find enough rooms to accommodate our group's needs.  During the planning process he was always very prompt to respond and answered all of my questions.  When I checked in, there was some confusion about resort fees - the hotel was going to charge me for them, but when I booked through Byron he said there would be none, so I sent him an email and the charges were reserved no problem.  He was so helpful and made the process of planning a trip for 12 girls so easy!  I will definitely be using Vegas Hotel Escapes again.
5 I have used Vegas Hotel Escapes on three separate occasions.  Twice for hotel bookings and once for VIP nightclub hosting, and I can tell you Byron has delivered on all fronts.  For our accommodations, he was able to get us the best rates, even compared to other discount hotel booking sites.  And for VIP hosting, he was able to score us a table at one of the premier nightclubs at a decent price.  I'll definitely be using them again for my Vegas needs.
5 Very good customer service! They are prompt, efficient and the staff are very friendly. They make sure I was a priority and they are here to help! I am very satisfied with the service and will return!
