5 A dedicated Russian dumpling place?! Yes!! Paul is back on State St and the dumplings are too. For those who are fans, he stopped selling them at the EVP Coffee shop and has brought these delicious starchy treats back to State St.  They are the same dumplings we all have enjoyed over the last couple of years. Meat or potato filled, covered in melted butter, cilantro, and curry powered. You can choose to have them spicy or not. Paul uses a special blend of Sirracha and vinegar to the spicy sauce. Enjoy them with a side of sour cream!  If you haven't tried them, you absolutely need to!  Like them on Facebook for exclusive deals: https://www.facebook.com/PaulsPelmeni
4 Great little place.  They only do little dumplings but they do them well.  Great for a lunch or after some partying.  Seating is available but limited by the small space.    Only thing missing for those who recall the old State St. location is the vinyl records to chose from, otherwise its great to have them back downtown.
4 Solid.   This was my first experience with Russian dumplings, and I have to say--they were pretty good! Paul's is a tiny, no-frills place that churns out these little things like nobody's business.  For $4.50, you can get a small. $6.50 gets you a mix. You've got a choice of potato, beef, or mix. You can even get "the works" on them--butter, cilantro, sriracha and curry powder. I got the works. It was good, but I needed the sour cream to balance out the heat.  Overall, though? Quite tasty. It's like a cross between gnocchi filled with things and perogies. I enjoyed it. This place has "drunk food" written all over it, but they're only open until 9pm!  My advice? Extend your weekend hours to 1, 2am. It'll go a long way with business!
4 I studied abroad in St. Petersburg, Russia for eight months last year and seeing how pelmeni are Russia's answer to pasta I got to know them pretttty well. I went into Paul's with high expectations (I've been hearing people rave about the old spot on State St. for years) and was impressed. I chatted with Jen at the counter who explained how Paul had learned how to make the little dumplings from a fisherman in Alaska and used to ship them frozen to the old place on State. They developed a special combination of flavors (cilantro?!? hot sauce?!? CURRY?!) which has made its mark and is around for good.   Jen explained that they use about 75% local ingredients including Black Earth meats, local potatoes, locally produced flour. I got mine without butter and sour cream which made it SPICY. My friend said that the dairy in hers balanced it out a bit. It's a good deal for a hearty meal made with local ingredients and I think my Russian babushka  would agree they taste pretty damn authentic.
5 Just as good as the original State St location from back in the day.  Mixed dumpings, full order, with the works. Welcome back Pel'meni!
4 Yes! I am so glad Pelmeni is back! My first experience was at the old State Street location while taking Russian language at UW, which really starter my love for dumplings!  Went for the full mixed (potato and beef) order for lunch, with the works (curry powder, sweet chili sauce, cilantro, sour cream). Such a comforting, deliciously warm dish. I love the way the flavors work together-- hot chili and cooling sour cream, warm curry and fresh cilantro!  I work a few blocks away and I imagine I'll be back frequently in the winter. It's the perfect dish to fill you up and keep you warm!
5 This opening was a little bittersweet for me.  Sad that the dumplings are no longer down the street from my house in Fitchburg, but happy that they have returned to their rightful place on State Street.   The dumplings are just as tasty as ever.  Go for the full order of mixed meat and potato with the spicy sauce and an extra side of sour cream.  And then come back for dinner for another order.  The new place has a different more modern feel than the old hole in the wall.  Can't say whether this is good or bad - all I know is that I would sit in a cardboard box on the corner and eat them if I had to.
4 I stopped into the location they used to hold over on State St. during my sophomore year of college and while the condition of their shop was a bit questionable at the time, I remember the food being delicious. My college kid self should've been a bit more concerned with the large chunks of insolation falling out of the roof but I was young, naive and ready to accept the notion that maybe they were just going for a hip "industrial" look.  The new location just off of State on Gorham is simple, clean and bright. I went during lunch and the line definitely picked up after we arrived. Trendsetters much? I dove in for the large portion of mixed dumplings (half potato and half beef) with "The Works" to top 'em. Curry, cilantro, butter, sour cream, hot sauce and what not were perfect compliments and I left with that perfect full but not too full feeling. Definitely pass up AJ Bombers next door and opt for Pel'meni instead. They impressed me and they didn't even have to shoot off a ceiling rocket of peanuts to do so.
4 My meal at Paul's Pel'meni was my first time sampling Russian dumplings and I'm glad that I did! I shared a full order of the mixed dumplings with my friend and we both left the restaurant nice and full!   The next time I return to Paul's, I plan to order only the meat dumplings; both types were good, but the meat ones were so juicy and flavorful that my dining companion and I found ourselves racing each other to finish the most of the meat dumplings. They are so yummy!   The dumplings at Paul's are made even tastier by the wonderfully balanced condiments that top them; I especially loved the hot sauce.  These dumplings are definitely worth a try when you are downtown!
4 My (abbreviated) guide to happiness:  1)  Order the half and half (while the beef filled are better than the potato, they go great together)  2) Be sure to order them with "the works". Who knew this mixture of curry, cilantro, sweet chili sauce, and a side of sour cream could taste this good?  3)  When you get to the table, grab the delicious hot sauce bottle and give a couple of squeezes.  Eat  4)  Leave happy
4 There are tons of different varieties of dumpling depending what country your speaking of. When I first heard a dumpling place was opening. I wasn't to thrilled. I've had all the different Asian kinds and some. Potato dumplings? Really...sound yummy.......yeah right. Who are we kidding.  Well I was wrong once I saw pictures & heard they come with hot sauce & curry powder! Big lover of both here but more for the first. I had to get ASAP.  They didn't disappoint. I got the half order of the Mix with the works. The filling of both the meat and potato are dense. Not minced, loose filling in other kinds of dumplings. Also smaller in size. The side of sour cream was the icing on the cake. Bring everything together. The hot sauce was not hot at all, but I'm speaking for myself who can eat ghost peppers.  Can eat then in the shop or get them to go and walk State St. The place was clean, employee was welcoming and the food came out in a timing matter with how busy they were. Can only imagine how much more busy it will be since its only the beginning. Hopefully this isn't a hype and stands strong.
5 Oh, yes.  Little pillow plops of delicious. I love the combination of spices. I've been twice now to get more of the potato ones, and each time they were great.  The people behind the counter: friendly, on top of things, and great.  The only thing is maybe the ambiance? It feels a little open/sparse. But, whatev, because of the food!
5 My first experience was with the Original Pel'meni's in Madison. Ever since I walked in I have loved these dumplings.   The food has been classed up. organic and Locally-sourced ingredients. it's a bit more pricey than the 5 dollars I paid in 2006., but the food is better.   I order them with the works. The chili sauce isn't super spicey, and the sour cream helps cut the heat. The only thing missing is the rye bread, which they are working on.   I was advised that they aren't as good when delivered or carried out, and that is partially true. the fresh dumplings tend to clump when they cool. This doesn't make them tasted any worse, mind, but it just means they have to have more seating.  Finally, they aren't open late like their original location. How am I supposed to get my drunk dumpling on?
4 My college days predate the first iteration of Paul's Pel'meni, but my sister attended school here some years after I moved to Minneapolis and raved about the Russian dumplings they served. I never made it there before it went away.  Three years ago, I moved back to Madison and by the grace of all things holy in this here universe, Paul's Pel'meni is also back. It's a simple thing, really. Who knew?  Make some pillow-like noodles, fill them with potatoes or locally raised beef, steam them just right and garnish them with flavors one never knew could work so well together -- curry, cilantro, sour cream -- holy hell, this is heaven!  Having a clean place with a friendly staff is never overrated, either. The place was spotless, and that includes the restroom. How many places on or around the corner from State can claim that?
5 This place is awesome. The food is. UNBELIEVABLY addictive. I just went there on Tuesday, and I want to have some dumplings again!!  Pel'meni is small and kind of hidden away. It actually shares the entrance with the art shop on Gorham, Artist and Craftmans Supply. It's so quiet when we visited at 7pm on Tuesday I thought this was gonna be a terrible experience... There were only a few booths and small tables. Kinda like an abandoned restaurant to be honest.  But hey, we were there, we were hungry, so we ordered the only thing on the menu. ONE order of MIXED meat/potatoes dumplings with THE WORKS (mentioned in other reviews with butter, siracha, cilantro, CURRY POWDER). It took maybe 5 minutes and our meal was out. I was like, hmmph, this is not gonna be enough for my tummy. So there I go, chomping away, and to my surprise, the half order was good enough for me. SO GOODDddDDDDdddddDDDDD. I love how the little things have burst of meat or potatoes in them. And the sauce is really AMAZING. I can't get the flavor out of my head. geez. I would say though, the potatoes are good for filling you up, and meat is THE THING. you have to get some before they're all gone!!!   I'll definitely come by and grab a to-go of the dumplings, but on the other hand, the dumplings are so tasty I probably wanna have them RIGHT AWAY that I would brave sitting in the kinda lonely and spacious shop. Don't get me wrong, it's very clean and there's alot of space... but it's kinda weird eating in a lonely shop sometimes. In short, GET THE DUMPLINGS. NOW. by hook or by crook.
4 I came here after a friend suggested it.  The employee was very friendly, knowledgable and answered all of our questions.  Food came out quickly, and was tasty.  I got a full order of the ground beef dumplings.  While I am not a fan of spicy food, I found that the "WORKS" were not overly spicy and all the flavors blended well together.  The dumplings themselves are small, but the full portion is very generous and I was very full at the end.  I plan on being a repeat customer.
4 Finally, I had to see what all the hype was about. Came with a group of friends, plenty of seating for larger parties (at least at 8pm).  Menu is simple - potato, meat, or both dumplings. Sauces = all or some. Interesting take on eastern European cuisine - dumplings with the curry and sriracha. They were tasty, would definitely return. A side dish option would have been a nice addition to the menu. I understand that they're keeping it simple, but maybe some greens with a light citrus vinaigrette to balance out the richness and spice.
5 I don't know if it's the pregnancy or if it's just truly that addicting but all I want to eat after eating here is more Pel'meni.   Perfect dumplings just the way I remember them, in a slightly cleaner and more comfortable location.  What more can one ask for.  It's affordable, it's filling, it's quick and it's delicious.  I was one happy lady.  I say ordering the combo of potato and beef is a requirement but the potato are really good so don't skip out on those.  Personally, I think there is no better way than with the "works", butter, curry, hot sauce, cilantro and sour cream.  I love the simplicity.  Keep it up!
5 I finally got to try the famous dumplings! Having heard from some friends who love this place and read very good reviews on Yelp, I eventually bought this Russian dumpling. It was one bad day for me as I just had to pay a lot for my new macbook battery but the dumplings had really made my day! The dumpling is tiny but tasty. I usually have Chinese dumpling but this one tastes different. If you happen to be in the downtown, this place deserves your attention! The owner is easy to talk to. And the good news is that I live so close so I know I will be their regular :)
5 I'm so happy that Pel'meni is back, and it's much the same style it always was.  Cash only, but super affordable.    You can get meat, potato or a combo of dumplings.  In terms of toppings, you can go traditional with just sour cream, or go crazy and get curry and sriracha.   So authentic, as good if not better than my Russian host mom's!
5 I love this place. I was so sad when they closed the state st location, but now it's better than ever! I could eat here once a day. I only wished I still lived in Madison so I could!
3 I didn't want to give 2 stars ("meh I've experienced better") because I've never had this type of dumpling before. There was nothing bad about them, but they're not something I'm in a hurry to eat again. A little bland and felt like a brick in my stomach.  The person who took my order was super nice and very helpful. Answered all of my questions without making me feel like I was being a pain.
5 I can now understand why people describe Paul's Pel'menis as "little bites of heaven." As cliched as it sounds, these tiny Russian dumplings were truly delicious and filling. When I walked in this tiny shop off Gorham, I was struck by how simple the decor and kitchen setup was. It's very bare bones, with a few tables and chairs. There is an industrial stovetop right next to the cash register with giant stockpots simmering away.   The menu itself is as simple as the store: you have the option of potato, beef or mixed dumplings, half an order or a full order, and you can get them plain or with The Works. A half order is $4.50 and a full order is $6.50, tax included. I would highly recommend (as many others have also) getting the mixed dumplings with The Works. You'll get half a serving of potato and half a serving of beef dumplings, topped with curry powder, a sprinkle of cilantro, a drizzle of Sriracha, and a small cup of sour cream. The beef dumplings are bursting with juice and flavor, and the potato dumplings are a nice starchy contrast. They also have their own special sauce that is a mix of rice vinegar and Sriracha that you can add to your dumplings yourself. The sour cream cools your tongue down if it gets too spicy.   They are now open til 3am on the weekends, a strategic move on their part as I imagine these tasty treats are a hit with drunk people.
4 Was Charles who walked me through the ordering process awesome? Yes. Is the price right? Yes. Was it speedy? Yes Were my dumps delish? Yes.  But I left there wanting a little bit more. I mean for something with so much square footage, there isn't much variety. Meat or potato, that's all you get. And while I understand that's their thing... I wonder if they could fill that out a little bit more because tonight I had both meat and potato and don't feel like I need to rush back there.   Now all that said, they were tasty, and my 4star rating is based on the fact that I really dug the entire experience... just a little something more than two options would make this place more of a go to for me. I will say that I love that in their move from State to Gorham they've made some solid food upgrades. They use an organic flour, Wisconsin potatoes and black earth meats, whereas Charlie told me before, everything was from Sysco.   How about a salad?  A soup?  Anything with color?
5 The menu is so simple but it doesnt need anything else. 4.50 lunch before the game? I'm down
1 I went to the new pelmeni place having been a frequent customer at the State Street location a few years ago. Was miserably disappointed by the time I walked out of the door (45 minutes after walking in).  I think I can attribute everything wrong with the current into two words: The employees. I went on a Saturday late afternoon, and the two guys working behind the counter were as slow as they were incompetent. As my friends and I waited, the two guys continuously botched order after order in slow motion. Eventually one of the employees made himself some pelmeni, threw them in a box, and peaced out.   By the time our order came (over 30 minutes after ordering), the dumplings were both room temp and undercooked. I hated myself for eating them.  While this place has most of the potential of the last place (would like the sour cream fridge back and also change the hot sauce back to whatever it was), the current Saturday afternoon iteration was a joke.   In the future, I will either buy them frozen there (assuming they can't botch that order), or just not go at all. Totally bummed about my experience!
5 It is really hard to position this pel'mennaya relative to peers, given most of them are 4K + miles away. Still, it is doing things right. For those western-folk who say the menu should be expanded, I say say no! The beauty of the pel'mennaya is that it only makes pel'meni. It feeds the muzik on his way to the factory, the bomzh, who found 10 kopeks on the street. It is simple. It is pure. It is the very definition of uyut.  Paul's meets these criteria and adds just enough curry and cilantro to make its own mark.
4 Let me just start by saying this: if this review were strictly for the food, a 5 star review would be a no-brainer. The dumplings (which FYI are the only option that they have) are fantastic in every way. And for those of you who don't like chili sauce and/or curry...they are delicious without them as well. We ordered a half order of potato and a half of beef. Half an order is enough for one person (although after you taste them your stomach may be able to convince you that it can fit another 2 plates worth).  The service had a few issues however. The cashier could not get the register to work and our order was somehow lost in the shuffle. If I wasn't paying attention to who ordered behind me, we may have been sitting there waiting all day. With that being said, once I informed them that our order was lost, they were very apologetic and made it up to us with a full order of the potato pelmenis. Also, no one around us had any issues similar to ours, so it was probably an exception and not the rule.
5 It's probably a good thing I don't live in Madison. This place is way too good. Yes, it's only dumplings, but that's the point! And they're so good they scare me! I got the mix with the works and wanted to eat there at every meal. The guys working in there were nice, as well. I read some reviews that stated that the employees weren't nice, but I had a great experience.  I got a window seat and enjoyed watching people walk by while I enjoyed my fabulous food at an affordable price.
5 Paul's Pel'meni has one thing on their menu and they do it well. For those who may not know what a Pel'meni is, it's the eastern European version of the dumpling. At Paul's you can get meat or potato or a mix. It can come spicy or not and with or without rye bread. It's the perfect treat for a cold wintery day. The restaurant ambiance is pretty modern but has the same straight forward convenience and sensibility of their menu.
3 I think its dumpling is alright~ although different than I expected, still thumb up for it. But the dumpling wrap is too thick, the filling is ok
4 On any frigid, nose-numbing, teeth-chattering Wisconsin winter day, Paul & his gilded pel'meni can be counted on to efficiently & deliciously warm the belly, soul, and possibly even the loins with his particular brand of expertly spiced & stuffed dumplings (get the works).  One sentence review!
5 YUM. I love this place. I live downtown and when it's chilly out, I love hitting up Paul's for some comfort food. I always get a full mix with the works -  their dumplings are seriously so good. They stick to one thing and they do it well.
5 So glad this place is back, missed the downtown location and always seemed to miss getting over to the EVP in Fitchburg in time. Not like you have many options, but get either beef or mixed with the works and an extra sour cream. Paul has been there the few times I've been to the new location and is very personable, definitely appreciates your business!
5 Paul's is a fantastic downtown dining option. You will crave them after your first experience. I've only had a mix of potato and beef with the works (curry powder, butter, Sriracha cut with rice wine vinegar, sour cream, and chives). They're fresh, filling, and delicious. Not a great option when you're in a hurry but the dumplings don't last long once they make it to your table.
5 A lot of people will say, "dumplings? Who eats dumplings?" Those are the people raised on dinosaur shaped frozen chicken nuggets. This shit is fast and delicious. It is the epitome of drunk food, but they're still great during the day. The quality and consistency have always hit the mark, the staff is friendly, and it's pretty cheap. Drop a tenner and share with a new friend from The Plaza right across the street.  The only thing that Paul's Pel'meni gets wrong is that old Pel'meni had a record player and boxes of records to jam out to. I figure that if I keep asking them for the record player back they might actually do it...
4 THWUMP!!!  (That's the sound of me jumping on the Pelmeni bandwagon.)  OK, this is going to be a relatively short review for me since there are just two items on the menu.  You can get A) potato dumplings B) meat dumplings C) a combo of both.    I went with the combo option.  While not gourmet dining, I thought the bite-sized dumplings were well made with fresh ingredients.  The dumpling skins were thick enough to hold in the filling, but not too thick to dominate the dish.  Both the meat and potato dumplings were well seasoned, unlike the bland Pierogies you find in the freezer section of the grocery store.  It was a relief not to see any heat lamps or steam trays.  After I ordered, person at the counter dropped the dumplings into a large vat of boiling water and they came out piping hot with a perfectly toothsome chew (the wrappers had no gumminess).  What elevates the dumplings from good to great are the sauces.  Don't spend any time pondering over which sauce to order - just go with The Works.  I never would have imagined that a combination of butter, sour cream, Sriracha, cilantro and curry powder would work so well with Russian dumplings, but it's a game changer.  Every bite was slightly difference and that variety is what hooked me.  With the all the various permutations (beef with Sriracha, potato with cilantro and curry, potato with butter, etc.), it's liking you are eating a dozen different dishes.  While spartan in appearance, the dining area was spotless when I visited on a Thursday evening.  $6.50 for a culinary world tour!?!  That's a winner in my book - I look forward to my next visit.
5 So I told my friends I was coming back to visit them in Madison, but that's not exactly true.  It was really for the dumplings.  As a college SAFEwalker in the early oughts, little hole-in-the-wall Pel Meni served as my dinner often more than once per week.  $5 for a heaping plate of dumplings, sour cream, rye bread, and a soda was a ridiculous deal, and getting to spin records on the regs didn't hurt either.  Fast forward: shady business takeover::boycott::restaurant closes  Nearly a decade later, beloved original owner Paul reigns victorious. Re-opens cafe, and eventually re-opens right off State, now at Henry & Gorham.  Is it a little more expensive now?  Sure.  But it's still $6.50 for over 50 dumplings, and $5 if you buy 'em frozen with all the fixin's, and it's open til 3am - genius.  I was so sad after my pel meni hajj when I finished savoring my final dumpling that I went ahead and bought a bonus frozen order to eat for breakfast the next day.  Half and half.  The works.  If you don't get em spicy you're doin it wrong.  I've had pelmeni in NYC at Russian restaurants and bought them frozen from Russian groceries now here in my fair home of Boston, but they're always a disappointment by comparison.  Listen up Paul - if you ever open up shop/a food truck in Boston, I will dedicate my existence to ensuring your success.  Best meal of 2013, hands down.  Nothing tastes better than nostalgia - especially when the product is even better than you remembered.  I will be back - please please stay in business forever.  I cannot face a world without Paul's pel meni again.
5 Dear Pelmeni, how I have missed you.  It's been a good many years since you were in town and the fact that you're back pleases me to no end.   Meat or potato dumplings sounds boring, right?  Wrong!  If you've never tried Pelmeni you are totally missing out.  By mistake I got a 1/2 & 1/2 full order with the works (butter, yellow curry, sweet chili sauce and cilantro with a side of sour cream).  I had intended to only get butter but I'm very glad I ended up with the works.   The flavors are like a party in my mouth with just enough kick.   Yes it's just meat or potato dumplings but the price is right and they will blow your mind!  Welcome back to the neighborhood!
5 From the couple times i've been here, I can say that i'm a big fan.  They only serve two dishes:  Dumplings with beef, or dumplings with potatoes.  I think the potato ones are delicious, and my friends who got the beef both loved it.  You can get it plain, or with "The Works" (for no extra charge!), which is yellow curry, sour cream, butter, and chives I believe.  It makes the dumplings taste even better.  Also, these dumplings are cheap:  Only $4.50 for a half order, or $6.50 for a full,.  As a man with a gigantic appetite, I was pretty full after a full order, so they don't skimp on the portions.  Paul's is one of my top choices to get lunch in the State St. area, along with a couple of the food carts.  It's because they're one of the only places in the area to serve dumplings, and they do it quite well.
5 Fantastic service, fantastic food. Simple and delicious. Inexpensive and filling. I missed this place when it closed down, so many years ago, and it's even better now. This is a Madison staple.
5 Update to my prior review, they're now offering black bread for 50 cents for a whole slice.  So good, authentic and worth it.    Paul's is also accepting cards in addition to cash now!
2 Totally edible. This place is unbelievably okay. Not sure what type of high the rest of Yelp was on to give this place 4.5 stars. To all looking for an honest rating: average, decent, lunch worthy- but not every week, Wednesday food
5 Come here for one thing and one thing only. Mini dumplings, the works, mixed. Be prepared to have new flavor and texture sensations. In between chewy bites of dough and beef with soupy squirts of meat broth, you'll have smooth and filling pockets of potato.   Paul's Pel'meni are the ingenious late night alternative to pizza or donuts. It's a snack you'll go to sleep dreaming about and wake up wanting more of. Here is a commemorative haiku of my first visit:   The curry warms, the  Sriracha bites, cilantro  brightens, sour cream.
4 Whenever I am sad, tired, happy, nervous, stressed out, cold, hot, hungry, full, or a combination of one or more of these feelings.... I want to eat pelmeni. It is quite literally the greatest comfort food I have ever eaten and never fails to satisfy me. I want it right now and I just had some a few days ago. I am likely going to venture out in the horrific arctic temperatures we are experiencing right now to get some, too.   Now, that being said, I wish I could get a salad. Or just...something... other than rye bread (which I do not enjoy). The pelmeni really is amazing and is the reason people go there, but sometimes you want something other than carbs for dinner. And I often find myself wanting to get a 2nd order even though I know I shouldn't.   Anyway, it will remain one of my most frequented spots regardless. Once they offer some more options I will happily upgrade my review to a glowing 5-star, because if it were JUST about the pelmeni, and not the overall experience, that is what they would get!
4 To be brief, the menu selection is fairy limited, but will make your decision much easier. The atmosphere is casual, and the food was delicious. I would recommend the mix (1/2 beef, 1/2 potato) unless you have dietary concerns, with the works.
3 This place sells one product, and that product is really good.  Why three stars?  Lousy execution.  First, let's get this out of the way: Paul's Pel'meni-- both beef and potato-- are excellent.  I'm a bit of a pel'meni purist, so I was skeptical about the toppings they put on the dumplings, but I've decided that they add a lot to the flavor.  However, there's a lot of things that annoy me about this place:  - When it's crowded on the weekends it can take 20-30 minutes to get your order filled.  That makes no sense.  You sell one thing.  There's no reason that you shouldn't be filling orders pretty much constantly.  Get bigger pots.  Get another burner.  I really don't get why this is so complicated.  And why do you always have two people working there?  It doesn't matter whether it's empty or packed, it's always two guys.   - When it's empty and I'm sitting 8 feet away from you, would it really be that hard to bring my order to me?  - A lot of times they serve you your pel'meni in a takeout box whether you're eating in or taking out.  But there are perfectly nice dishes sitting right in front of them.  Do you just want to avoid doing the dishes?  That's annoying and lazy.  - For the love of God, can I have a fork?  Pel'meni are a lot easier to eat with a fork than with a spoon.  Fix these things-- and they shouldn't really be hard to fix-- and this is easily four, maybe even five stars.  Again, the pel'meni are really tasty.
5 This is one of my favorite lunch spots downtown. Quick, cheap and delicious. Dumplings with the works is just the perfect flavor combination. I love the concept of a single dish restaurant. It's something that I wish you saw more of in this part of the world.
5 Pel'meni, welcome back.   I missed you. I was younger back then, and I know I was drunk a lot of the times when we met. Remember the State Street days? Remember your old record player you used to let me use? Good times, though not always times I was proud of. You probably saw me at my worst, back then. But I'm older now, and I've learned a lot. And I want you back in my life again.   You're just like I remembered you during those years we were apart. I missed you. You are warmth and comfort to me. On the worst of days, you bring me joy.  ***  You don't have to think much, with Pel'meni.  That used to be the charm, back when this little shop was a late-night bar stop on State Street. You can have beef filled dumplings, potato filled dumplings, or a mix of both. (I like to mix it up; both are great.) Small, or large.  Either size is cheap. There, wasn't that easy?   Your choice of dumplings comes bathed in butter, dusted heavily with spicy yellow curry powder, drizzled heavily with Sriracha sauce, and served with a side of sour cream. You know, for when the corners of your mouth start to burn, with hot, sexy, buttery joy.  What can I say about Pel'meni's dumplings that has not already been said?  They are just... super. The bee's knees. The cat's pajamas. Unless you don't like spicy food, and then I don't care what you think, anyway. But I suppose you could order them without all the wonderful, delectable stuff on them. But that's just silly.  They are still open late many nights, at their new, slightly more mature location just off of State Street. It's a little hard to find if you don't know where it is, though. They suffer from a lack of signage. They share an entryway with an art supply shop, and it's therefore easy to walk past and never notice the restaurant. Especially with AJ Bomber's smell hovering in the air, you can easily miss the tell-tale aroma of yummy little curry dumplings.   Go, get some. Heck, go nuts, have some delivered. You'll almost pay more for the exorbitant fee that Straight to Your Door aka Mr. Delivery service charges than for your actual food, of course. But it is SO worth it. It doesn't even matter if the dumplings arrive cold, they microwave up like champs.  Pel'meni is fantastic. You'll love it.
5 Stopped in for a small late lunch. I don't usually take the time to write Yelp reviews, but this was some of the best food I've had in a long time. You know a place does something good if its the only thing they are serving.  Staff was super friendly too, good work on a great restaurant!
5 How do I love Paul's Pel'meni? Let me count the ways: They are DELICIOUS They are inexpensive They are made from locally sourced beef They are made fresh for each order They are nearby the capitol They are ready really quickly Yet I think they are healthier than fast food They have perfect seasonings (which I totally would not have expected to work on dumplings - but it is oh so good) I already mentioned the deliciousness.  Eat some dumplings already!  There is no excuse not to!
5 Dumplings are great. Don't think you know what you're getting into because you've had a perogi before... not even a competition.
4 I don't wanna be a copycat, but I agree with Bobb and Corey:  1. Get the half-and-half with the works (when it mixes together...mmmHM), and   2. I wish the menu was just a little more expansive and diverse. Paul's does pel'meni RIGHT, but I feel like that talent would also make some awesome salads, soups, or desserts. Don't get me wrong, I don't think a huge menu is the right choice for this place - but another option or two wouldn't go amiss.  Otherwise, though? Love it. Delicious food, great service, even greater price.
4 We had a full order of the potato dumplings and a full order of the mixed. They were amazing! They only take cash and if you like a little spice get them with the "works". I actually liked the potato dumplings better but the meat were great also. There is no variety on the menu whatsoever it is just meat or potato dumplings but they are soooooo good!  Carry out is quick and probably the way to go because it is not a huge place.
1 A friend and I were going to have lunch at Paul's Pel'meni today.  After seeing the lack of sanitary food handling by the lone employee, we decided to eat elsewhere.  Getting a case of gastroenteritis was not on my "to do" list.  I watched the employee handle greens and other food items with his bare hands.  I then saw him take a few orders, handle the cash, use the credit card machine, and answer the telephone.  He then went back to handling the food with his bare hands without washing them.  My friend and I were at the restaurant at 1PM on a weekday.  There were only a few people in there and only one person working.  With such an appalling  lack of sanitary food handling, I can see why there were so few customers.  I would never consider eating here after what I saw.
5 Granted, I'm used to San Francisco prices, but $6.50 (tax included) for a full order seems like a steal! First time in Madison and gave the place a try after seeing all the positive reviews...boy am I glad I did! Freshly made, local ingredients, and friendly service. Awesome spot.
4 This restaurant has one dish - dumplings. You can have your choice of meat or potatoes or both! Throwing some Sriracha + the works + sour cream is the way to go!  So simple, yet so good.
3 I love Paul's Pelmeni. I lived in Russia for 2 years and lived off of pelmeni and Paul's does it right. The Works (a combination of sriracha, melted butter, curry powder, and more) is an absolutely genius topping for pelmeni. If a restaurant was rated solely based upon the food quality, Paul's would be five stars.  Unfortunately, Paul's fails in every other element. Paul's advertises that it is open until 3 on weekends. Paul's advertises that it is open on Sundays. I've tried to go to Paul's on a Sunday at least 3 times, and it has never been open. I've tried to order Paul's late at night on Fridays and Saturdays and it has never been open. It is unbelievably unprofessional to just decide to close a business and ignore posted business hours. Paul's does post on Facebook and has advertised being open late on nights that I have tried to order and found out that they are closed.  Paul's doesn't particularly advertise itself as a Russian restaurant or its dumplings as Russian, but the most Russian part of this organization is its professionalism and service (this is not a compliment). I don't know if the owner of the restaurant is aware of how often Paul's is closed outside of posted business hours, but if I owned Paul's I would not stand for this low level of professionalism.  Will I attempt to eat at Paul's again? Absolutely. But only being 50% certain that a restaurant will be open when I try to go is frustrating (and a sign of insanity, I think).
4 They do one thing - dumplings - and do them well.  It's also a great deal for lunch.  There isn't much seating so it's best to get your order to go.
5 What the heck is a Russian dumpling.  (my thoughts as I entered Paul's Pel'meni)  It is good. That's what.  These little dumplings o goodness make for one hearty and satisfying dish. As a meat and potatoes gal, these little pel'meni are excellently balanced between my need for some protein and my craving for some tummy-filling carbs.   Plus, the flavor of these guys is so crazy good. Top the ground beef and potato with a drizzle of butter...vibrant yellow curry powder..sweet chili sauce..fresh chopped cilantro..and a dollop of sour cream..forget about it.   I be back. And soon.
4 Hits the spot! I love the sour cream component as well. Go for the mix and get it with the works.
5 These dumplings are amazing. Get them with the works!  If you can't make it downtown, you can also get them at Oasis Cafe in Fitchburg.  Say hi to Paul.
5 Tucked away at a little corner off Gorham St is this easy to miss treasure, but don't miss it! The entrance might be somewhat hard to find, you will be able to see nicely-cushioned red seats and a nice counter area where they serve up those delicious little dumplings!  What are Russian dumplings?? Prior to my first trip here I had always associated dumplings with something Asian. So this is really an eye-opening experience for me. I love how they offer beef or potato fillings for their dumplings. The thing that makes them so special is that 1) they are small cute little dumplings and 2) the works. As other reviews have pointed out you can get cilantro, curry powder, siracha-rice vinegar sauce, sour cream and butter to go with those dumplings. You can ask for as little or as many of the works on offer.   I have always liked my order with all the works, simply because they have put in a lot to make sure that everything pair up perfectly with one another. The siracha might be spicy, but the sour cream neutralizes the spice a lot. In other words, just amazing ~~ If you order the half beef half potato combo, it's always a nice surprise to find out what the filling is going to be for your next dumpling!  For small eaters the half order will fill you up perfectly. They also offer the raw dumplings to go. They will pack them nicely for you fresh out of the fridge. The nice thing if you decided to go for the raw dumplings is that there are significantly more of them per box, always worth it to make your own since all you have to do it heat them in boiling water for a couple of minutes. Then you can let your imaginations take you in terms of toppings.   Do remember this is a cash-only place though. Totally worth everything ~~~
5 Our daughter thinks we come from Maryland just to visit her a couple times a year. We are happy to let her continue to believe that. The reality is we have to get our Paul's Pel'meni fix!   I do have to credit our daughter for finding them and introducing us to them though.     I only wish they delivered to Maryland.   Better yet, a Paul's Pel'meni in Maryland would be great, then maybe our daughter would visit us more!
5 Just an update to my previous review. The dumplings are still awesome AND due to popular demand, they are back in Fitchburg's EVP Coffee!  For those who dream of enjoying these delicious gems at home, Paul offers frozen portions complete with all the fixings in a take home style. Gotta love the great service!
2 Been here a handful of times. The flavors are delicious and the service is usually friendly and courteous. The problem?   I ate here most recently (a ground beef with the works) and I got horrible food poisoning. Like, "If I don't get to a bathroom in the next 45 seconds, I'm going to need to invest in new pants" - terrible food poisoning.   I guess if you like playing Russian Roulette  (pardon the pun) with your food then you should eat here. It's unfortunate because the food is actually very tasty.
4 I give this a 4 because it's unique, so I think it's fun! It's a pretty small space but I like the casual layout. It isn't what I expected for a russian dumpling place, especially because of the pop music playing in the background... the dumplings were deeelicious and the toppings were perfect! I can see myself craving these in the future...
4 I can only imagine that these are as good as they were when I lived in Madison. We used to go ALL the time. So I will give 5 stars for the amazing dumplings I remember from my college and med school days and dock one star for the place being closed this weekend even after calling a couple days ago and verifying that they would be open.   Oh well, maybe next time.
3 Paul's is literally right across the street from my house. RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET! Yet it still took me a little while to find because it is tucked away between two larger businesses. If you, like me, aren't exactly sure where to find Paul's, just look for AJ Bomber's front entrance. The entrance to Paul's is just around the corner on the Gorham St. side.  Although they have plenty of seating, I'd say that Paul's is more of a take-out restaurant than a dine-in restaurant, as I was the only dine-in customer on a weeknight, even though I had gone at prime dinner hour.   As per the suggestion of numerous Yelpers, I ordered a full order of mixed dumplings with the works. I was a little worried that the dumplings would be drowned in sour cream, because I am not a huge fan of that particular condiment, so I was relieved when I discovered that the sour cream was served on the side.  I chose not to use the sour cream at all, and I really don't think I missed out on much.   I was not all that impressed by the beef dumplings...in all honesty, they tasted a bit funky. I couldn't pinpoint the true issue, but I thought they tasted like xiao long baos gone wrong with an oddly soupy yet seemingly overcooked filling.  Meh. Never again. However, I can definitely see myself craving the potato dumplings once in a while, and I'm hoping to pick up some of their frozen dumplings so I can make them at home for cheaper. Still, $6.50 for a very filling - albeit a little unbalanced - meal is totally reasonable!
5 I'm hooked!  My first time there I got a full order mixed with the works.  The works wasn't for me and the potato wasn't doing it for me neither.  Now I get a full order of beef with extra cilantro and an extra cup of sour cream!  Damn, this place is delicious.
4 Randomly walked in off the street to Paul's last night and got a full order with The Works. My boyfriend and I split the order and it was plenty for a light dinner. Quick service from a one-man show. No frills, short menu, great food!
5 Before visiting my friends in the hospital after the birth of their first baby, we stopped at Paul's for a half order of potato pel'meni (there were about 20 small dumplings for $4.50).  I have been on a hunt for a great dumpling in Madison for a while. I am a gyoza lover and all-around dumpling fanatic. But, I hadn't found one that really floated my boat, until Paul's. The outside of the potato dumpling is a little chewy, and the inside is creamy/delicious (akin to a gusher for adult tastes).  I can only speak for the potato dumplings--go for them, and get 'em with the works.
2 1 hour and 15 minutes after I placed my order it arrives, and it's the wrong order.  I call and I'm told that "there's nothing I can do, you'll have to call our delivery service."   "They must have told me the wrong order then, because that's what they told me you wanted."  I call the number he gives me and it's the wrong number.   After paying a $4 delivery charge, $1 convenience fee.  Good thing I tip in cash and didn't pre-tip...   So, no refund, cannot find the number for Madison's delivery service, etc.
5 This place specializes in one thing.  Dumplings! !  Awesome little pockets of deliciousness.  Covered in "the works" which is yellow curry
5 1 word, awesome!   Super friendly staff and super quick and delicious dumplings! When I come back to madtown, ill remember I like their beef dumplings very much! !!  Great value for the amount of food as well! Amazing
5 The staff here was so nice! My roommate and I just stopped in here for the first time today and we were both so pleasantly surprised with how friendly they were. Not to mention how delicious the food was. We both got the potato dumplings with "the works" yuummm. Easy on the wallet too. A "half order" (easily enough to feed one) was only $4.50, can't beat that! I told my roommie as we were walking out that I was going to leave them a good review so I made a yelp account today just do do that :)
5 SO DELICIOUS, SO CHEAP, SO FULL  The sriracha, sour cream and butter they put on top when you get "the works" is absolutely delicious. Even better they are open after bar hours and are perfect late at night!! Everyone I have taken here has enjoyed it. You can get two full meals and drinks for $15. Totally awesome could not recommend it more
