5 What an amazing remodel from the previous restaurant!  The food is as amazing as the restaurant it's self.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed multiple apps, entrees and a dessert.  The grilled Octopus and crispy Gnocchi were to die for, her spaghetti with mushroom and bacon cream sauce and my Jambalaya were no less than amazing.  Top that off with a delectable flour-less chocolate dessert with raspberry sauce and you have yourself a full belly!  Food and drinks are priced right, taste great and are bundled into a chic but approachable atmosphere.  You wont be disappointed!
5 Awesome awesome awesome! Food was great, service was friendly, and Andy is the best at keeping his team in line for a  top-notch dining experience! It's a brand new restaurant that I'm sure will be the talk of the town soon. Fantastic!
5 Great restaurant!  Beautiful ambiance and friendly, attentive staff. The turkey cranberry sandwich was incredible, with the savory Brie offset wonderfully by tart cranberries-- absolutely perfect. And their cheesecake was deliciously smooth and creamy.  I will definitely be coming back.
5 Great new restaurant in the area. Wide range of food choices, amazing ambiance, and friendly staff. Food was great!
5 Beautiful new restaurant and amazing food!  Highly recommend the bacon & dates cover meatballs appetizer.  Sorbet taste like real mango :)
4 Sparkling is almost a week old and it stands to be a great restaurant.  The decor is a modern chic and very nicely done.  Whether you are coming in as a couple, a group of friends or even a large party, they have diferent size tables.  They also have a private dining area for up to 14.  Servers haven't had much training yet.  Rather a bit of ojt. Everyone was very friendly and helpful though.  The food was also pretty good.  To start,  appetizers: Definitely try the meatballs.  They are the bomb.  The pan seared gnocci was also good, but I would have preferred it with pancetta vs sausage.  On to entrees: my wife is very fond of braised ribs and these were good, but not as good as Roy's.   I had the jambalaya and it was ok, but was missing cayenne and andoille sausage.  It was a bit salty and and very tomatoish.  Nonetheless, I cleaned my plate.  Finally dessert:  The cheesecake is a must and the chocolate cake is good but rather heavy.  Overall, it was a very good meal and considering they are a week old, its safe to reason that they will continue to improve.  From the owners of. Oyshi Sushi,  this is a very different concept, but I do like it and I'm glad we have it in our southwest neighborhood.  We will be back!!!
5 I love this place!!! It was beautiful inside..I mean we were thinking oh it's probably just like a little bar/grill type of place just by the house..OH NO!! It was spectacular!!! The decor is very chic and comfortable at the same time..the staff was amazing..Great personalities and very personable..Food?? OMG let's just say we went on Saturday and again on Tuesday!!! I have found a new spot, hopefully can afford the once a week lunch/dinner here :)
4 What a beautifully decorated restaurant and bar. Friendly staff. The spaghetti with mushroom & bacon was amazing. Definitely coming back for happy hour (M-Th 5-10pm) especially since it's just down the street from my house!
1 Food was OK, but if you are picky about ingredients make sure to ask your waiter.  We ordered the scallops from the appetizer menu and when we received the order it looked like 6 scallops were on the plate.  Turns out 3 of them were deep fried rice balls which were not listed on the menu.  We can't eat these due to our particular diet.  When we pointed this out to the manager she did nothing.  This place is right around the corner from home, so was hoping for better service.
4 We checked this place out after waiting impatiently for it to open for months. It was worth the wait! Super cute & chic decor. My husband had the short ribs which were good but a little tough and fatty (still really good and flavorful - still would recommend) & I had the rice au gratin recommended by our waiter, Jason. It was delicious. The portion sizes are just right. Service was good even though a little slow - seems like maybe they are working out the kinks. We will definitely be back & want to check out happy hour M-Th at 5-10pm. Once they get outdoor seating I could see us spending a lot of time there! Check it out!
5 We were looking for a great drink in an awesome atmosphere.  We found it at The Sparklings. We started with the Amethyst (Violet Colada) and the Citrine (Orange Crush).  This was followed by the Tuna Tartare and Sea Diver Scallops.  These were both excellent choices.  Service was great and food was excellent.
5 What a fun place. Looks all ritzy and expensive, but affordable and fun. Great staff and fantastic food. I'll definitely will be back.
4 So excited to have this new place in the southwest area.  Really cute inside, fun music.  Everyone was so nice, great service!  The food was good and reasonably priced.  Sounds like they have a great Happy Hour that is available 7 days a week!  Love the fun seating, decor!  Will definitely be enjoying many dinners and happy hours here!  It is also kid-friendly.  We went for dinner and the waiters/hostess, all very talkative and friendly to the kids.  The Kids Menu is simple, the kids enjoyed it.
5 I'm so impressed!  We are having a great time here.  I will return without a doubt.  Beet salad is great, salmon app is good, tuna tartare, scallop app (DH; you're "Kray Kray!) Gnocchi with sage and brown butter is a must!  I'm so thrilled and refreshed by this place!  Creme brûlée is better than most on the strip!  Run! Don't walk to Sparklings!  This is a place for true ladies!
5 Amazing remodel! Not what you would expect from outside. The service is fantastic. Everyone is so friendly and accommodating. Just had lunch with my daughters. Everything we ordered, apps, salads and the turkey sandwich was great!!! I'd recommend this restaurant and have every intention of visiting again. Just go!
4 Loved the food, the service and the prettiness decor! Long happy hour. I will be frequenting. Thank you for the great experience :)
3 I've been waiting for this place to open, since it's so close to the house. I drove by our the other night to see some people in the bar and got excited to know that it was finally open.   My friend and I went there yesterday for some food. Starting with the service, it was good. Our water cups were always filled, and they checked in on us a lot. Although, at some points it was a bit incessant. But, if rather have over the top service than no service at all. Plus, we were the only table there for awhile. Our server, Deena, made things a bit awkward. There was just a lot of awkward silences, and it always seemed like she was whispering, but I can look past that.   As far as the food goes, it felt like there were more appetizers to choose from then there were entrees. Which, probably is a good thing because the appetizers we got were far better than the entrees.   We started with the Portobello fries and the crispy gnocchi. The fries were thick slices of Portobello that were lightly breaded then fried. They.served it with ranch, and some other sauce that I'm falling to remember. The crispy gnocchi had Italian sausage, pesto, peas, and walnuts. While it was good, unless you get a piece of sausage in every bite, the dish lacks a bit of salt.   For entrees, we offered the turkey and cranberry sandwich as well as the jambalaya. I don't know what o was expecting out of the turkey and cranberry sandwich, but I was just expecting more. While the cranberry sauce was good, they added quite a bit, so it overpowered everything else. Their version was a little more spruced up, with spinach and brie cheese. However, the cheese wasn't spread at all, just one slice in the middle. So, I only got one or two really good bites out of the sandwich. As far as the jambalaya, it was decent. Had good flavor, but just needed more. It war very mild tasting. Chicken was conned ti perfection though, so moist ! No sausage in the jambalaya thigh. :(   All in all, would I go back ? Probably. It's the closest place to eat next to my house. I'll probably stick with just ordering more appetizers next time though.
4 I enjoyed my first experience here. Meaning I will be back. The place is really nice, food was good. I had the turkey/Brie/cranberry sandwich, the bread was nice and overall the sandwich was tasty and affordable. Apple would be a great addition to the sandwich from a texture perspective. I am concerned with location of this restaurant as well as an open and inviting entrance. In order for this place to be successful in this part of Vegas is gonna have to be word of mouth, a "draw" to it ( do an industry night or hour ), more social media exposure and a website, uncommon service culture. Good luck to it, my 1st experience was enjoyable... I will recommend and be back soon. -cheers
4 They did a great job with the remodel and I really enjoyed the decor.  The patio is super cute and I definitely want to take advantage of it when the weather is a little warmer. The food was good but I agree with another review that the appetizers were better than the entrees and next time I think we will just do apps and cocktails.   The staff all seemed new to working in a restaurant and a bit nervous.  I felt that our server was much too casual with us and the conversation felt border line inappropriate for dining.  There were a few little kinks they need to work out (example- we didn't get a chiller when we ordered a bottle of white wine) but I'm sure things will keep getting better the longer they're open.
5 Everything we had was delicious! This place does not dissappoint. The staff was very attentive & friendly. I most definitely will be coming back!!!
4 Delicious food, great service. Our only complaint was the menu was very limited. They worked to tailor a house salad. One in my group had the salmon and loved it, would like to try that recipe with chicken. Definitely going back!
4 It's not just good. It's not just different.... it's good different.  I am always excited when a place in my neighborhood opens. Call me old fashioned, but I've always wanted to be a cozy person that lived in a cozy neighborhood -- and for some reason cozy to me means being a regular at a handful of places that I take visiting friends to and in turn they envy me living in all my glorious coziness.  Ah, I digress.... The Sparklings took FOREVER to open but it was definitely worth the wait --- and NOT what I expected. The interior and ambiance are unmatched. It is not the type of place you'd expect to share a parking lot with Cheeburger Cheeburger. Think cufflinks and caviar...okay maybe that's a stretch but when you walk through the doors, you can't help but be impressed with the decor and detailed interior. Marble top bars, faux leather bar chairs, dim lighting...and the touch of elegance from floor to ceiling.  With that said, it's not the place you'd expect to see 'Shrimp Po Boy' or 'Club Sandwich on the menu....and that's what makes it good.....good different. The prices, menu selection, and ambiance make this a twist that works for me. It could be a formal dinner date on a Wednesday or a casual Friday happy hour.  On my first visit we ordered portobello fries, zucchini sticks, langosta bruschetta, and the bacon & date wrapped meatballs. The bruschetta was delicious and the portobello fries were my least favorite. The meatballs were my husbands favorite... i only had one small bite of it (he didn't SHARE!!) and it was very good. The zucchini sticks were good too but nothing compared to the uniquely flavored creamy bruschetta.  For our entree I had the shrimp po boy.... it came in a triangular shaped loaf filled to the brim with tempura fried shrimp, tangy spread and slaw. It was a great blend of flavors and well executed. My husband had the Philly cheesesteak and he could not stop raving about it.   When the bill came we felt like we had a steal of a deal. The service was on point. The food presentation was just as elegant as the location and it didn't break the bank. I know the restaurant is in it's honeymoon period but I hope it keeps up the good work.  The owners of Soyo and Oyshi have outdid themselves. The Sparklings is a great new addition to the southwest area. I'm actually having a fancy dinner with friends tonight and you'll never guess where we're going ---this cozy little place in my neighborhood.  p.s. 2nd time side note- my husband and I ordered the chicken parm and the spaghetti with mushroom & bacon cream sauce... not our favorites. Looks like the sandwiches and appetizers are the way to go---at least for now. :)
4 I came here with girl friends for Sunday lunch. I very was impressed with its chic interior. I love the big chandelier and flowers in middle of dinning room. It really brights up the whole restaurant. Price here is very reasonable! Food is pretty decent. Our waitress was super friendly and helpful. They also have lots selections of wine and beer. The lavender ice tea I ordered was very floral and not sweeten. We had seared scallop, clam linguini, jambalaya, spicy seafood pasta, beet salad. Everything was decent. There was nothing really wowed me, but I am very satisfied with the price I was paying. Sparklings offers happy hours from 5-10pm everyday with 30% off on alcohols. Will I come back? Of course, how can I miss the good deals!
4 I have been here twice and had a great experience both times. The decor is classy and modern, and the servers are very friendly. I had a chance to speak to one of the owners and he was very welcoming and attentive.   My favorite dish is the short ribs - so tender and great flavor. Portions are pretty big so you get what you pay for. For dessert, I recommend the flour less chocolate cake or their cheesecake. Both are excellent!   Of course I will be back. I love little neighborhood gems like The Sparklings!
2 I don't know, maybe I came in on a off night.  I'm certainly willing to give them another try, but here is what I experienced on my visit.   On first impression, I love the décor and feel of the restaurant. They got that 100% right. However, there was something missing that I couldn't put my finger on...that night (Wednesday) it wasn't very busy so there was no hustle/bustle to give the place a warm vibe or maybe it was the sound system and how the music didn't really fill the room.  Not sure, but it felt like we were the last table in a restaurant that was about the close for the night. Just a little too quite.  I'd actually give the food 3/4 stars. It was decent. I think my favorite was the crispy gnocchi and would love to see that as a meal...it was darn good.   Where the night went wrong was partly due to the staff.  It wasn't that they were not friendly, they were, just inexperienced and their "professionalism" seemed forced, which if they are new to serving tables I understand it takes time to get your mo-jo going. Our appetizers came out on time and when I asked the person who delivered them (not our server) what type of bread came with the spinach and crab dip, as there were two different types served, his answer was, "I don't know. I can ask the chef if you want".  I feel like if you work at a restaurant and you are one of the people that brings food to the table, you should be well aware of the menu and what is on it. Maybe it was his first night on the job...who knows. At least he offered to ask the chef, I guess.   After the appetizers my soup came out and then shortly after he said our entrees would be out shortly.  They then delivered one entrée followed by about a 10 minute wait...there was four of us in the party, so we were waiting on 3 more entrees.  They then delivered one more entrée, still nothing on the other two, just apologies for the wait.  I even asked the waiter what was the hold up on the entrees, to which he answered "I'm not sure, let me ask them".  Hummm...we've been waiting now for 15 minutes + just to get out entrees served and you are apologizing, but you don't know why you are apologizing. When our entrees finally did come out the manager (I assume) finally gave us the reason...our steaks had been over cooked and they had to redo them.  Which, if they would have told us that right from the get go then I would have been understanding to the wait.  Also, while we were waiting during all of this the manager brought out a free appetizer, the spinach and crab dip, which we had already had.  It was a nice gesture, but also shows that there was no communication between the server and manager.  Why bring a table something they've already tried? Why not ask us what we would prefer considering we were the ones inconvenienced.   I hope it does improve and will go back another time over a weekend, perhaps to see if I can have a better experience.
5 So impressed with this place!  The food, atmosphere and service were top notch.  It's just a short drive away so I can definitely see us returning here on a regular basis.  The Caprese salad was delicious as was the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich my boyfriend ordered.  He said it was the best he has ever had!  So good!!!
5 I and my wife been here last week with other couple. We heard about this newly open restaurant lounge style Plus a review.  so we went to try it else.  I love the decor, it's different than all other restaurant I had been to. The food are different and most of them I haven't eta before ..which is good for food lover like me hehe.... Yes, I feel the waiter little over care ( Servicer ) which is good I guess , they want to get opinion from customer to improve their service and foodQuality.  Overall they did very good job and I will   be back or even have my party there someday  Coming.... Soon ...:)
4 Went to this "Barstaurant" for the first time tonight and enjoyed ourselves! Tried several of the cocktails (Citrine, Chandelier, & Emerald) and loved them all. We ordered a couple of soups and multiple appetizers and were not let down. The bacon date wrapped meatballs are delicious.  The decor is trendy and cute. Servers are friendly (maybe even a little too much so). The only reason I subtracted a star was because of the strong smell of chemical cleaner in the air. It smelled like they had sprayed cleaner all over and then wiped it with a bar rag that had been sitting out for a while. If this place can address the smell issue, it will be 5-star for sure!
5 The Sparklings is such a cool and unique new restaurant. I love it! The first thing you notice about the place is the atmosphere. There's a beautiful chandelier in the center of the room and there are individual dining rooms that are separated so it's almost like you are eating in your own private dining room. Then there's an area that reminds me of a kitchen with a line of china cabinets along the wall. Outside of the main room there is a separate bar area that you can see thru glass windows. You have to see the place yourself to appreciate their whole vibe that they've got going on and it's hard to explain, just trust me. It's a place you're going to want to come to and take guests to, to impress them when they come in from out of town. It's just one of those quirky-chic spots that you will always remember.  Jason, our quick witted server was great! I have a good little banter going on with him every time I visit which makes my experience fun.  My absolute favorite thing to order is the Spicy Seafood Pasta. It has the perfect amount of kick and garlic to it. Noodles are always cooked perfectly. And there's a lot more to the menu that I haven't gotten to try yet. I tend to be a creature of comfort though and if it ain't broke don't fix it so I find myself sticking to my old faithful Spicy Seafood Pasta when I eat here. Some favorites that I recommend would be definitely that along with the Crispy Gnocchi.  My only suggestion to the owners of The Sparklings would be to add more main course dishes to their menu. Lots of appetizers to choose from but not much to choose from in the main dish department. Other than that, I have no complaints. They treat me well and remember me and what I order every time right down to the smallest detail, for example: the crushed red peppers I like on the side. Don't even have to ask. Service is excellent! 5 stars. :D
5 Great late night food! It's so hard to find good food(not bar food) after 11pm, even in Vegas. The food was excellent, the music was good too:) We will definitely return. Oh and Jose was a great bartender, very friendly!
5 This place is awesome. So gorgeous on the inside AND they are open until 2am....on weeknights! My husband and I sat at the bar and enjoyed the Short Ribs, Calamari Salad, Sliders, Creme Brulee, and Flourless Chocolate Cake. Everything was amazing. Our bartender gave us excellent recommendations and the manager came out to ask us our opinion. Great service. We will DEFINITELY be back.
4 I agree with some of the other comments.  Food was pretty good, but they go overboard on the service.  Our waiter and management made too many visits to our table.  Kind of annoying.  Its a tad stuffy in there for a neighborhood joint.  I think the décor and the low noise level will do that.  Oh and add a burger to the menu.  What's an American eatery without a great burger?  Overall its a great place.  Will def go back.
1 Bleh!
5 Best service & drinks. Jose the bartender & Andy the owner and the sweetest. Come here and you'll understand.  Here 4-7 days a week.  I'm a regular. And  never a regular anywhere.
5 This is a great new local spot. If you live in mountains edge, theres no close good sit down restaurants. This restaurant has a beautiful atmosphere and wonderful food! We ordered 5 different items and everything was amazing. We will definitely go back and highly  this new restaurant! Happy hour 7 days a week 5-10 in the bar 30% off all   alcoholic beverages.
4 Was very curious to see what this place was all about. First time I walked in, I turned around and left. It looked too upscale. Then I tried it again...totally casual. AMAZING food and very reasonable prices. Pretty cheap. Have recommended it too many and all have agreed. Great date night place. Nice to have a non-chain place to eat and smoke  free environment. Must try!
4 The Oyshi and Soyo ownership group have struck gold once again putting out a modern, strip like quality restaurant/bar in a suburb-ian neighborhood.    The Happy Hour is the best value where all drink INCLUDING bottles are 30% off.  I recommend going in a group and sampling their entire appeteizer menu where most items are 7-8 bucks.    You can't go wrong with the bacon and date wrapped meatballs, crispy gnochhi, grilled chicken wings, spinach/crab dip, seafood pasta, and the list goes on.  I would put this happy hour close to Yonaka territory - it is that good.   Be sure to check it out!
4 Why isn't this place busy....it is gorgeous!!  Food was good and service was too....wish they had a brunch but I hear it is in the works.....word of advise for the owner...ADVERTISE and use social media!!!
5 if i opened a restaurant, it would look exactly like this - it's like my pinterest page came to life. i'm completely in love w/ the decor! i'll admit that i first decided to try sparklings mainly because the name was cute, i thought it was a bar, and it's close to my house.   same owner as oyshi and soyo (another neighborhood fav), but you wouldn't know it because there's really nothing korean about sparkling other than some of the staff. i'll be honest and say that this review is mainly just on them as a bar, since i've so far only gone for after dinner drinks.    the menu is a little scattered - pasta, bacon/date meatballs, shrimp po boy? i've only tried the crispy gnocchi so far - an appetizer portion was only $7.50, but enough for me as an entree (with a cocktail). the gnocchi itself wasn't that great, but it was a decent dish overall with the peas, sauce and everything else.   i love love the bartenders here, and would come back even without their awesome daily happy hour till 10pm (30% off all drinks). i like fluffy drinks, and sparklings has a full bar including lots of flavored alcohols to experiment with.  there are no food specials for HH, but their pricing is reasonable anyway. i'm honestly not sure why we haven't tried sparklings for dinner yet. probably because i've been on a huge asian kick lately, so if they could make some korean dishes here, i'd be in heaven...    the only negative is that i HATE the music they play. it kind of varies between different kinds of easy listening. michael buble is fine, but they also play a lot of instrumental kenny g type stuff. i get that they're going for upscale and classy, but please play somethng else - i can't stand the music.   i guess they only opened about a month ago, so it's been pretty empty every time i've been here. the place will probably become packed as more people learn it exists - it's perfect for a neighborhood date night. they have a decent sized private dining room, and even have great indoor and outdoor patio seating - can't wait to try it out in the spring!
3 Talk about an extreme makeover... they did an amazing job renovating the spot formerly occupied by Nagoya. What once was dark and dingy is now open, airy, and elegant.   The food was hit or miss. The light and fluffy crispy gnocchi had great flavor and a nice variety of textures. Unfortunately, that was the highlight of the meal. The tuna tartare was dominated by an acidic and fruity flavor. The meatballs stuffed with dates and bacon were ok but the sauce lacked depth. Then there was the octopus... I like eating octopus when it's slices or chunks of large tentacles. The version here is presented as 3 tiny, whole octopi. I can't say I was a fan. Too chewy even for normal octopus standards.  They do have a kid's menu, so that's a plus for anyone with a family. Service was great, but then again there was only one other party there.
5 The Sparklings?  Let's start with Inviting, cozy, delicious to name a few.  If you're a regular at Oyshi you will immediately recognize the manager.  Upon entering, you realize that some thought went into the elegant decor.  As you are seated, you begin to wonder if you are an extra on the Great Gatsby set.    As soon as we are seated at our plush, private table in the bar area, the bartender immediately informs us that it is happy hour.  This means beer and wine are 30% off, including bottles.  Seriously, it's Saturday?  We were not expecting happy hour, but total bonus!  We proceed to order many of their delicious appetizers and a couple of bottles of wine for the group.  Some of our favorite apps include the bacon date meatball, crab spinach dip, and the octopus (different from the calamari).  Service was amazing, every employee that we interacted with was fast, friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable    My only gripe is that about 1.5 yr ago we lived across the street from The Sparklings; where were you when we needed you??  Now that we live in Summerlin, this little gem appears in our old hood.
5 A...mazing. This is a neighborhood gem. Started out with the bacon and date wrapped meatballs. I had the filet and partner had to salmon. Perfection. The menu is VERY eclectic....  there is definitely something for everyone. If you aren't into a steak or seafood, the sandwich selection is pretty good. Next time I am going to try the turkey and cranberry sandwich. We ended with the vanilla creme brûlée. Again, perfection. Great bear and wine selection, and I definitely recommend the signature cocktail the Chandelier, especially if you love bubble gum vodka!   Go see Jason. He took AMAZING care of us! Will definitely be going back!
4 The Sparkling is a wonderful, cozy, intimate dinning experience you won't be sorry you decided to patronize. I say intimate as its perfect for a romantic date night but it does have a few larger tables and even a separate room for larger parties.  The wait staff is warm, approachable and ready to make recommendations based on what you like and not what the restaurant told them to push.  I had the Jambalaya and for my regular readers you know how much I love properly cooked Cajun food. That being said when I tell you this was the 2nd best Jambalaya I've had since moving to Vegas you know its damn good.  The Fiancé had the clam linguine and wasn't impressed. The pasta was cooked perfectly but the sauce itself was bland and the Clams were little itty bitty shriveled up Clams that if served to a customer should have been pulled out of the medium sized shells just to prevent the extra work to remove them or cause you to question why the clam meat had shrunk to that size?  She sent the dish back and refused all the requests to remake the dish or refund the cost of the meal. We didn't say no to the cheese cake they brought over though. It was delicious.  We shared two appetizers, the fries were almost perfection and one of the flat bread dishes, the Fiancée loved that dish and only let me get a little taste.   Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back.
5 I LOVE THE SPARKLING! It atmosphere was so cute and cozy. The service was very good. Andy, the manager was super nice and talked to us and checked in a few times to see how we are doing. Our server was a sweet girl, Deena. She was attentive and smiley(: I had the spicy seafood pasta and I thought it was great! There was shrimp, clams, calamari and scallops! Yum! Also, we had the creme brûlée for dessert. Yuuuummy! I love creme brûlée and this lived up to expectations. Overall, great experience. I will definitely be going back!
1 The service is inexperienced still.  They don't know there menu.  We were party of 6, 3 of us has same dish so we got ours together.  We had to wait 5 minutes for the others to get theirs.  Awkward as don't know if we should eat or wait.  They call out dishes as if I was at McDonald to claim my order.  They should know who had order what.  It's not that busy.  Had linguine with clams, didn't offer plate to hold shells so had to put shells on  table. When asked about their wine menu, said don't know and had wine menu in hand.  If u don't know then pass the menu to us to see!  We can read.
5 Great food and great service! Really enjoyed our meal. Took my mom here For her birthday and she enjoyed it too. Will definitely come back. Love the steak salad, clam chowder, clam Pasta and portobello fries!
5 New and exciting. Good menu with different cuisine. Great bartender and drinks.
5 The food was amazing and our server Charlan was outstanding! I've been longing to eat here and it was well worth the wait...
4 Food was 4 star.. The service and the interior design was 5 star.. If they had happy hour or some specials would be nice
5 5 star from me for this restaurant food is amazing service is awesome ....ambiance is so romantic thumbs up all the way
5 Fun fact: owners of Soyo and Oyshi own this joint =)  which makes the food/experience here even more amazing.....to think that restaurants known for Asian food could make American/Italian inspired food THIS good.   Again, this is spot caught my eyes and stomach once I saw it on Instagram. Came here after a night of shopping and movies with the boyfriend; and since it's right by his house, we stopped in to use up the GCs his family gave us.  You would never expect a shabby chic décorated restaurant in this log cabin exterior. So cute with open space, rustic furniture, romantic lighting, and a chandelier. This restaurant would be great for a first date or date night =)  We got there little past 10pm and the hostess said there was happy hour at the bar/lounge til closing = PERFECT!  We sat at the bar and our bartender, Anthony, was so friendly and great from the start. BF ordered beer and I ordered one (maybe 3 more) of the specialty cocktails that Anthony had recommended.  I can never say no to grilled octopus so that was the immediate choice for me; BF is a sucker for scallops; and our third app, crispy gnocchi, was chosen from its popularity on Yelp reviews.  Octopus kind of shocked me because it was whole baby octopus. It didn't shock me because of the head or anything (I'm Asian, I've seen that before) but, only cuz I've only seen them served like that at Asian buffets...not nice/cute restaurants like this. Anyways, the octopus was ok; scallops were superb but, the crispy gnocchi was my fave! Despite my dislike for pesto, this pesto sauce was pretty good...not to pesto(y) and very creamy!  I was quite full from all the apps but, we had to order the spicy seafood pasta and shrimp po'boy. The shrimp from the shrimp po'boy was crispy and had a good batter on it. Spicy seafood pasta was the hit of the night...Just enough kick and spice to my liking. Wish I could bathe in that sauce!  I can not rave enough about this place. Great local business with amazing food and even better workers. Hoping this local business stays open and I'll be there as often as I can to help it so.
5 Love this place! Can't say enough great things about it. My friends and I had excellent service, drinks, food, and fun! The decor is gorgeous. Can't wait to come back and enjoy their happy hour. The bar looks like a great place to relax and converse with friends.   I highly recommend the emerald drink. Yum!
5 I love it here! Great ambience, decor, food, service, drinks, HAPPY HOUR!!! Andy is a great manager and always remembers me-- treats me like a true regular! =] And Anthony is the best for sure!!! We come just to visit him sometimes haha.... Take good care of him, y'all.... Just like he takes good care of YOU!   Planning my next social event here. Gotta spread the love and get the name out there for others to share with their friends!
4 The Sparklings is one of the newer restaurants to have opened in the southwest area, courtesy of the owners of Soyo and Oyshi, which are just down the road.  Walking in, it's hard to not be impressed with the dramatic transformation this space has taken.  I almost felt a bit under dressed with the ornate chandelier dominating the open eating area and a bit concerned pushing my stroller in with a crying baby inside. We had our choice of seating and opted for a corner spot to minimize any distractions.  (I noticed the generous amount of high chairs available, which to me encourages a family-friendly restaurant.)  With a quick glance at the menu, we ended up just ordering appetizers.  * Crispy Gnocchi "creamy pesto, Italian sausage, peas, crushed candied walnuts" ($7.50) - This was good, worthy of making this a meal by ordering two. (Update! I actually did this the following week and it was too much for one person. It's pretty rich, and two orders to yourself is quite a bit. And my gnocchi wasn't as 'crispy' this time. In retrospect, 'crispy' may be a bit misleading. It's more 'browned' than 'crispy'. Nonetheless, it wasn't as 'browned' in the to go order.)  * Grilled Octopus "soy marinated" ($7) - Three little octupi sat on the plate along with some greens.  I like grilled octopus in general, so we liked this dish.  It can be a bit daunting for those not wanting to see the head of a baby octopus.  * Seared Diver Scallops "lemon beurre blanc" ($7.50) - I didn't realize this dish had other items on it besides scallops, so was confused by the texture in my mouth when I thought I eating scallop. I guess along with the scallops were tater tot like disks.  The sauce was a bit fruity.  * Truffle Parmesan Fries "sea salt, parsley, lemon garlic sauce" ($6) - It came with two dipping sauces and the chunks of garlic were falling off.  * Portobello Fries "lightly breaded" ($6) - This also came with two dipping sauces.  * Roasted Beet and Apple Salad "arugula, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette" ($8) - We like beet salads, but it seemed like this salad missed a little something.  They did shave some Parmesan cheese on there, but maybe it needed more nuts?  * Clam Linguini "surf clams, roasted garlic, garden herbs, Italian parsley & white wine extra virgin olive oil broth" ($13) - We took this dish to go for my mom.  She's a big fan of clam linguine and the first thing she noticed was the amount of clams.  She gobbled up the dish and even saved the sauce for the next day.  (She said it was good, but there wasn't enough for the price.) (Update! The Husband obviously liked what he saw when we ordered this for my mom. So the following week he got an order to go!)  Service - The staff were attentive, perhaps even too attentive.  I appreciate more than less, so I can't complain too much.  The restaurant wasn't busy, so they were coming around a lot to ask how things were and if we wanted to order more.  The owner (one of the partners) came around to see how we were doing too. I appreciate when the owners take an active part in their new business ventures because it can show a genuine interest in their clientele, especially if they become regulars.  He mentioned that this was a family-friendly restaurant, which we do appreciate (and noticed a kids' menu available too).  Overall, we like The Sparklings but are a bit confused.  It's very upscale in appearance, but a mix of casual in the menu.  I think they can actually expand on the menu a bit more, and perhaps they will with time.  But for the time being, we just couldn't find anything in the entrees that interested us.  (Items ranged from sandwiches like Philly Cheese Steak ($8.50) and Shrimp Po Boy ($8.50) to pastas, salmon and meats, ie. Rib-Eye Steak ($25) and Filet Mignon ($25).  They do offer a happy hour in the lounge/bar area from 5 pm to 10 pm daily, which means discounted drinks.  Only those over 21 years of age allowed into the restaurant after 11 pm.
5 LOVE the vibe/atmosphere, Vegas needs more places like this.  We ordered the Scallops, and they're to die for! The food is inexpensive, we had great customer service, and we will definitely be returning.  Highly recommend everyone to check this place out.
3 The Sparkling has a great concept and a lot of potential, but not quite there yet. My friend and I came here Saturday night for dinner and our expectations fell short on the ambiance, menu items, and service. Unfortunately the reviews written thus far are very misleading. In fact, I'm a bit disappointed with Yelp for the first time in a long time.  Food: The food is not bad, but you are definitely getting what you pay for. We decided to do 4-5 of their appetizers to get a taste of the menu.  Not the best choice. The caprese salad had Roma tomatoes that were thin and not quite ripe yet, the brown butter gnocchi were dry and tasted like frozen tater tots that were re-heated. You would think that with an item description of "Brown Butter Gnocchi with Butternut squash"  it would have some time of sauce or butter?  Nope...just dry gnocchi and dried out, over cooked, roasted butternut squash cubes.  Our saving grace was the smoke salmon crostini and meatballs.   Service:   We had an issue with one of our courses and the server seemed a bit put out and offended with our feedback and then what made the matter worse is the manager came by after it was fixed and from 5 feet away said "are you better now?" And then walked off. Don't get me wrong he was NICE about it and did his "table touch" as a professional gesture, but a further conversation on what was wrong with our dish seemed more appropriate for a slow night than a shouted conversation across the room. From then on we were ignored by the manager while he laughed and danced his way from every other table in the restaurant.  The whole restaurant had maybe 5 tables total and the server had each course coming out so fast and we felt rushed the whole time.  The server was very nice, but definitely not polished.  Ambience: Very cute decor concept with the French, Country sheek theme, but the beautiful valour chairs and stunning Chandelier did not pair well with the paper napkins and casual waitstaff attire .  Also, the bar area is distracting with the TV's and loud people.  Perhaps the restaurant could have a curtain/wall up to block the view for people on a romantic date night and a separate entrance for the bar area, so  the drunk people stumbling in don't have to walk by my table acting/dressing like they are at PT's.  I will try it again once they're on their feet longer maybe for a happy hour, but wouldn't recommend it as of now to a friend.   Last comment... Can we take down the Xmas tree/decor now? It's January 12th.
5 a beautiful place to have brunch lunch and dinner* :) lil far but it worth！priz r ok too*
4 What can I say? This place is very different. The decor is nice but leaves me wanting more. The food is good. Seems like a lot of stuff that can be made easily at home but it's still good.   Seems like a good, relaxing spot to hand out with a few drinks.
2 This place is different.  When you walk in you expect it to be ultra fancy but it really isn't.  The food was okay, really bland.  I expected it to all taste better.  And unfortunately it took forever for us to receive our food.   I won't be returning.
4 This place is pretty great. I've loved all their food so far, except for the clam linguini (the sauce was a bit bland) but other than that, can't speak highly enough of this place. The waitstaff is friendly and attentive and you can tell they want you to keep coming back. Their flour-less chocolate cake is super rich and decadent and tastes GREAT with their espresso. Best dessert ever. The atmosphere is really interesting but difficult to describe. The ornate chandelier in the middle of the room turned us off at first, because we assumed it meant the food would be really expensive. Not so! The appetizers, sandwiches and pasta entrees are very reasonably priced. They do have more expensive steaks and things but I'm sure they're top grade and worth the money. (I haven't had their steak yet.)   It does feel like they haven't quite found their "niche" yet (the type of music they play has changed a few times, the atmosphere is really neat but you can't quite tell what theme they're going for etc.), and while the waitstaff is friendly and attentive, they do feel short-staffed a lot of the time. I think as business continues to pick up, they'll hire more people and it will improve the service. All in all, I will keep coming here and I hope more people discover this place and decide they love it.
5 Great local spot. Happy hour in the bar from 5-10pm everyday, so that is a plus. The food is very good, the menu is not too large, but diverse, and the prices are great for the quality. I love their clam chowder, and the turkey, cranberry and brie sandwich is absolutely delicious.  It is great to see places like this opening up in the Mountain's Edge area.
5 This place is a new favorite for date night. GREAT and personable owner. Love the posh decor and vibe of the place. The fiancé and I want to have our rehearsal dinner here. Still loving the food and the short ribs are still my favorite. Tried the honey flatbread appetizer, meatballs, and creme brûlée last time I visited. I have yet to be disappointed by anything I try.
2 The service was the best!!! The food was horrible!! Will be back to try again only because of the service ...
5 No need to hit the Strip.  The place os wonderful.  So very pretty inside!  Food was fantastic!  Our server Char was great.  One of the owners Andy came by a few times to check on us.  I am very excited to have this beautiful place right around the corner!  Highly recommend! Parm garlic fries, are to die for!
4 My husband and I got to try this place on Saturday for our date night. Walking in, oh mygoodness, it is so cute. They have this cute little sign written in flowers, and a beautiful chandelier right in the center of the room surrounded by lavish vases and fresh cut (they looked fresh) flowers. I love the decor of this place! They also had walled off areas that seem perfect for families so they could contain the madness within those little walls (or at least try to).   Okay, on to the important things! We tried 4 different appetizers & a sandwich to share. We were stuffed by the end of our meal. We had zucchini sticks, dates and meatballs wrapped in bacon, crispy gnocchi, crab spinach dip, and a philly cheese steak. I wasn't blown away by any culinary feats happening over here although I did enjoy the meatballs. They were definitely the best dish out of them all. The crispy gnocchi looked very skimpy compared to the photos others have posted and they weren't very crispy... I wish there were more veggies or something to it. It was very green and kind of boring to eat with those soft peas and the soft gnocchi. The best part were the pecans in it. However, I think the selling points are that they are open very late, and provide a nice alternative to in-n-out. The prices are ridiculously low. We spent $35 on all that food, and it's in a beautiful surrounding. Therefore, we will be back and I want to try the portobello fries!
5 Great new restaurant in Vegas. Staff was very polite and attentive. The menu has basic items but doubt mistake it for the quality. The food was amazing! Happy hour is from 5-10pm I was informed. Our bartender was Jose who was excellent and took our long order by memory which was highly impressive. This is definitely one of my new casual go to spots.
5 First time there and will not be the last. Very similar to Honey Salt in summerlin. Nothing else like this in the Southwest part of the valley. Great for a date night or casual dinner. VERY reasonable prices. Shabby Chic interior is a great setting   We started with the caprese salad, bacon and date wrapped meatball and the scallops. All fantastic.   Main course filet mignon and chicken parm. Not much to say about the parm. Pretty basic but very good. Filet was melt in your mouth good. Outstanding meal.  Desert was creme brule and flour less chocolate cake. Both were delicious.    Service was very attentive even though they were very busy for Valentines day. Definitely coming back. Nice to have this kind of place so close to home
5 The Sparklings was a fun dining experience.     We were there to celebrate my birthday dinner and it was the first time that half of us has been there.    The food was good.  I especially liked the zucchini fries and the Gorgonzola Flatbread.    The rib eye was delicious and I like the way they make their mash potatoes.    I enjoyed the atmosphere and how spacious it is.  Their furniture makes it feel fancy.  The servers are all really nice.  Our waiter was funny and they comped some of my "birthday" shots.    I can't wait to come back.  Their prices are affordable, the atmosphere and service is great and the food is delicious!
5 incredible. wonderful place. we were there on valentine's day and it was probably their first super busy night. staff was amazing. i ordered the salmon - it was the best salmon i have ever had. and i've eaten a lot of good salmon. we had a large group and i called a couple of weeks ahead to reserve their party room (seats 12). the room was just as lovely as the rest of the place with chandeliers and comfortable seating.  our whole group of 12 was quite impressed with the food. steaks were large and looked wonderful. my husband had the grilled veggie sandwich and said it was really good. we both had some sweet potato fries and they were delicious.  i didn't order dessert - but others in our party did and said they were great.  our server was very accommodating. they let us decorate the room and do whatever we needed for our group.  can't say enough good things about this place!
5 Gorgeous and comfortable with a clean look. Good craft beer selection. The bacon wrapped date meatballs were delicious! For dinner we got the cajun shrimp and chicken pasta, shrimp po boy, braised short ribs, and rice au gratin with chicken. It was all soooo good! For dessert we had the flourless chocolate cake and the cheesecake. The flourless chocolate cake was rich and decadent, my only complaint is I wish there was more. The cheesecake was a good size slice but a little soft for our preference. We will definitely go back again and again.
3 Found this restaurant on yelp and decided to give it a try this past Saturday night.  Love the proximity of the location to my house.  Less than 5 minutes away.  It's located in the Southwest part of town, near the Blue Diamond area.  The restaurant itself is very spacious and there's a beautiful chandelier in the center of the restaurant.  There's more of the long table seating and humongous booths than there is for couples.  Unfortunately, it was DEAD on a Saturday night.  Very surprising considering it is "Valentine's Day" weekend.. although there were several others dining it, it was just a bit too quiet that night.  As for the food, we ordered: - Calamari salad for an appetizer (A-ok.. I wouldn't order again) - Crispy gnocchi with italian sausage and peas (the sauce was very tasty!  however the more I kept eating, the more I felt it was a bit too creamy and heavy for my liking) - Cajun Chicken and Shrimp Pasta (yummy & tasty.. sauce was just right) Prices were overall reasonable.  For our meal, we spent just about $30 or so.  Server we had was nice and just the right amount of attentiveness.  Overall I think I can give this restaurant one more try.  I hope they expand a bit more on their menu.
3 My girlfriend and I had dinner here last night in the lounge. The hostess had informed us that drinks were 30% off from 5:00 - 10:00 pm if they were served in the lounge. We were seated promptly and greeted by a friendly bartender.  On the way in, we walked through the dining room. Another reviewer described the interior as shabby chic, and we agreed. High ceilings, funky, fun furniture and a good amount of space between tables left an impression that this would be a great spot for larger groups of friends.  The cocktails we ordered were good and tasty, but a touch on the sweet side. The bartender warned us about one particular drink in that was VERY sweet, so we steered clear of that one. They did have a fine beer and and wine selection as well.  We ordered 3 appetizers and one main course. We began with the truffle fries, the bacon and date wrapped meatballs, the arugula and walnut flatbread, and finally, the jambalaya.  Everything was ok. Nothing really stood out, however. I'd call it bland, really, except for the negative connotation of the word. So, a shade tastier than bland. The jambalaya especially had virtually no spice in it at all. The fries and the flatbread were probably the most flavorful -- the fries due to their garlic, herbs and truffle oil and the flatbread had amazing fresh basil.  The jambalaya did arrive already split on two plates for us which was a nice touch. We were too full for desert afterwards. The three apps, one main course, and four total drinks (two for each of us) came to about $60.  We look forward to returning as they are open late (2:00 am most nights I think) and sampling again from the menu.
4 This restaurant is absolutely adorable. I didn't get the opportunity to try any of their food this time around, but we sat at the bar and had a drink and I enjoyed it so much I can't wait to return to give their food options a whirl next time.  Walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the restaurant interior. It's very spacious and super cute. The perfect place for a date night or girls night out. We walked past the dining area and settled in at  the bar. Seats are comfortable and bartenders were friendly and very attentive. They have just about every bottle you can imagine, so you can request just anything your heart desires. I went with The Chandelier, from the cocktail menu, but my friend wanted and White Gummy Bear and the bartender was happy to oblige.   The drinks were tasty and pretty reasonably priced. I debated ordering an appetizer while I was there, but decided to try to be good since we had just eaten dinner elsewhere. The food menu is extensive and everything seemed reasonably priced, so I look forward to coming back soon and trying some appetizers as well as entrees.
5 Love this place! If you eat here, sit in Jason's section, he's great. Good food, great service, and good price. Definitely recommend this place.
4 I went here after a hot, sweaty workout wearing my KD VI's and yoga pants to meet up with a friend who was wearing a suit looking cute as a button. I was definitely under-dressed but I was too hungry to care. We sat at the bar while waiting on our other friend.  We got a booth. The seats were big, nice and comfy. The table has a marble top. The chandelier was so pretty and I love how they have flowers spell out "The Sparklings" in front.   We shared a bunch of appetizers and a bottle of sparkling wine. Our bartender/server with wild hair seemed abrasive at first but he loosened up quick when my friend called him out and gave him a hard time the whole night. It was pretty hilarious.  Truffle Parmesan Fries: Comes with ketchup and lemon garlic sauce. The lemon garlic sauce tasted like it had dill in it. The fries were crisp and were a cross between skinny fries and steak fries in terms of thickness and texture.    Bacon and Dates Wrapped Meatball: I like bacon-wrapped dates. I like good meatballs. But together smothered in marinara, it was a bit strange. I wish the bacon was a bit more crisp. 3/5  Tuna Tartare: Fresh tuna with avocado and mango cubes.  It comes with crostini. This was alright. 3.5/5  Gorgonzola Flatbread with Honey: Just like what the name implies - nothing complicated. It's simple yet tasty. Who doesn't like cheese and honey? 3/5  Grapes, Arugula and Ricotta Flatbread: With candied walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette. This was good. Sweetness and juiciness from the grapes, peppery arugula, mild taste of ricotta and crunch from the walnuts. 4/5  Roasted Beet and Apple Salad: With arugula, candied walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette. I don't like beets but this was pretty amazing. It looked pretty and the textures were wonderful. Soft beets, crisp apples and walnuts. 4/5  Crispy Gnocchi: Gnocchi in pesto with Italian sausage, peas and candied walnuts. I love pesto and the sauce was spot on. The gnocchi was not as crispy as I expected. 4/5  Grilled Octopus: Baby octopus marinated in soy sauce. It has a nice char to it. A different server put our plate of octopus on our table and said "here's your octopuses" which started a short-lived debate. He told us "octopi is actually wrong...I looked it up". Well, octopuses and octopi are both correct, actually      /endtangent. 4.5/5  I didn't feel too under-dressed when I saw some lady wearing booty shorts and sneakers. It would be nice to come back here and next time, I'll wear a dress and my favorite Gucci heels - yes, it's worth seeing my tomboy self die a little.
5 Ate here last night and it was great! My brother in law had the octopus appetizer and said he loved it. My sister had the French onion soup and she liked it and I had the filet mignon and it was absolutely perfect. Especially for a price of $25, which isn't bad for a good piece of steak. It could easily be compared to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse.
2 I'm between 2 and 3 stars for this.  There is definitely a reason to come here, but it's not what you think. I wanted to come here as a sort of late night dinner. From the pictures, things looked good. Food was described as good. Sure, why not?  Maybe it was my expectation, but I will say the food we had was disappointing. Long story short, this is bar food. Maybe next time we're here, we'll try something else, but yeah, we felt kind of ripped off. What did we have?  - Fried zucchini. This was thoroughly over-battered and thus quite gross and kind of hard on the outside.  - Portobello fries. If you want a good version of this, go to Echo and Rig. If you want an exceptionally hard exterior, go to The Sparklings.  - Tuna tartare. Absolutely avoid this. It's a mix of tuna, mango and avocado served with three pieces of toast. The tuna was overly firm and flavorless. The mango and avocado under-ripe and hard as well. Nothing particularly binding it all together. Just some chunks in a cylinder shape. Not worth it.  - Crispy gnocchi. This was the only item we would have ordered again. An exceptionally flavorful heavy cream and cheese sauce covering a sort of crispy gnocchi, sausage, and nuts. It was nice, but kind of small.  Yeah, food is not their forte. So what is? Now I don't know if this is because it was late, but it was kind of shady even being in there. There was nobody up front. The whole place was empty. Just tables and tables in an otherwise abandoned room. You look to your right, there's a bar. It's a nice bar with nice bartenders. You will have a good beer and be able to sit on the nice couches and chat. Nice. But even then, it's not like it's expansive.  We'd be back for the bar, but nothing more.
4 My friend and I had heard great things about this place, so we decided to give it a try since we both live near by. Once you step in you feel like your in a fancy little house! The decor is very cute and a great place to bring your family or a first date. We sat at the bar and ordered Meomi (pinot nior) which is fantastic! The seafood linguine is a must and so is the beet salad! Since my visit 4 weeks ago I've been here 3 times already! Definitely more visits to come and Jose (bartender) is such a sweetheart!
5 Great dining experience! Quiet. Love the ambiance. We came with 8 people, and were seated and served immediately. We ordered bacon wrapped meatballs, pork sliders, scallops, and crab/ spinach dip. They were all very good! Came out fast. Jason our waiter definitely exceeded our expectations , playing with the babies- and getting to know us. Would highly recommend this place!!!
3 I just do not know how I feel about this place... I love it on the inside it soooo pretty and definitely different from anything you really get her in Vegas, on the outside you do not expect much at all and on the inside it looks soo clean, white, bright and spacious!!  The food just did not really stick out to me much, I went with a group of friends and we literally ordered everything on the appetizer menu (which is huge!!!!!), I remember I hated the crab dip, sooo fishy it killed it for me. But i did like the sliders those were good, tuna tartar was good as well! Yet I do not really know if I liked or disliked the food there. If I had to form an opinion I would say go there for the ambiance and the drinks..... not so much the food.
5 A new hidden treasure in the southwest.  It's right next to chee burger chee burger, the quality is outstanding, the decor makes you feel right at home. Their food is fantastic for a very reasonable cost. We had the date, bacon meatball that was out of this world, the sauce was not yoo sweet and not too salty. We also had the seafood pasta which was loaded with seafood unlike a lot of  places, it was pushed with shrimp, scallops, clans, mussels, and had a nice spicy kick to it.
4 A group of us friends were having a epic night but still weren't ready to part and ended up at the bar side of the Sparklings.   Everytime I hear this name it sounds like I'm going to a Barbie and Ken esque couples house and really, the decor is the right amount of homey chic that I would like to believe it so.   Despite me being too full to try the amazing looking food, the comments from friends were more than positive. It was happy hour which had drink and food specials from 10pm to close (2am - ish). Our server/bartender, Jose, was also such a personality and was absolutely a sweetheart.   I wish this was in the NW close to me instead as it's a beautiful spot to hang out late night, and a lovely place to eat during day. It looks like a typical neighborhood lodge bar from the outside, but it totally isn't and doesn't serve plain ole' bar food.   I will be back very soon, for a full dinner. But for late night, this place is a absolutely great spot.
5 Very nice restaurant. Nice decor. Staff was wonderful and friendly.  I would be definitely come back a gain.
5 Don't judge a book by it's cover...open the book!  South Las Vegas is growing and one by one new things appear.  Just recently Sparklings opened!  American/Asian influenced.  My husband and I walked in on a beautiful Thursday afternoon and to our surprise we were the only patrons there.  First impression is French Provincial!!! Velvet chairs, Glamorous Chandelier, many hutches of early american design with antique place wear.  They have 3 different pastel colored rooms for up to 10 seating in each off to the side of the main room, a room for private parties 12 or more you can close off to make it more personal and an open area with solid marble tables and Velvet seats and Benches for comfortable seating.  In another section there is a small bar and a door to outside seating if preferred.   The menu has very comfortable pricing for the dishes they serve, The wait staff is pleasant and warm, the owner even walked over to introduce himself and give kudos to their chef.  By the looks of this place and the quality that goes into their dishes I would think it's more an upscale restaurant, but as we left a man in torn jeans and baseball cap and a girl with shredded shorts and tank top came walking in and were seated and treated as if they were dressed accordingly...so I guess it doesn't have to be an elegant night out.  Every bite of every dish we ordered was excellent...even the teriyaki Octopus which was out of this world! The Salmon in lemon sauce and capers was fabulous as was the Cajun Shrimp Pasta!  Next time I'll make room for the chocolate flourless cake or Creme Brulee.  We will definitely go again and again!! Did I mention that we got excellent service from our waiter???  Best we've had in a long long time!!! It;s nice to have a restaurant like this here in our area without having to drive to Greenvalley or Summerlin for the high end experience.
5 I feel sort of obligated to give them 5 stars, why... because they're just that awesome! Upon walking in, you will notice the amazing decor. Ambiance really made me give this place 5 stars, it is so beautiful I think they may have even hired a design team. White furniture, with pistachio green cushions. The chandelier is the focal point of the restaurant and gives it the restaurant's name sake "The Sparklings."  I came on a Wednesday during lunch and it was totally empty. I guess this is more of a dinner spot, but surprisingly the server said they are kind of busy on the weekends, but not so much. Sort of surprising considering how amazing this place is. So definitely people give them your business! Now on to the food, to start our meal we ordered the seafood bruschetta, so delicious! Loved it and the drizzle of pesto sauce made the dish look even more appetizing. For my main entree I had the jambalaya, something I've never had before. It was pretty good, but I was expecting a little bit more spice and flavor to it. To me it just tasted like chicken, seafood and tomato paste mixed with white rice.  I think it was definitely missing something but I can't exactly put my finger on since it was my first time having it. I think maybe it needed a garnish of scallions on top and the dish itself could of used more garlic? It was only $13 which is very reasonable for me because it was the perfect portion size. All the prices here are very affordable, the most expensive thing is the filet mignon at $25, which I consider almost robbery. My friend had the beat salad which he enjoyed very much. We shared the cheesecake as our dessert, this was totally store bought cheesecake and the server even admitted it not being made on site. I wish they had more dessert options, but the flour-less cake sounded good, I might have to order that next time. As Daniel T. mentioned it might be better to order 2 or 3 appetizers rather than an entree because the appetizers are all mouth watering.
4 Met here with good friends.. Made an evening of it.  Food was yummy, service was great, pretty room, great bartender.. Chocolate martins.. Delish..
5 I stumbled upon Sparklings looking for a good breakfast place...my wife and walked in, sat down and noticed they make a dish called Crispy Gniochi....the first time we had it was in New York and the Sparklings version did not disappoint....the ambience was wonderful and we will definitely be returning
5 I'm going to go ahead & say that this is the classiest local hot spot on the southwest side of town. I visited during happy hour (5pm-10pm, 30% off all alcoholic beverages) for a friend's birthday, located right next to The Lodge.   Every single dish I ordered was delicious: Crispy gnocchi, grilled octopus, sweet potato fries & the flourless chocolate cake. This was already expected since the owner of this restaurant also runs Oyshi & Soyo down the street & I love their food as well. The octopus dish especially surprised me because the meat itself was tender & held a lot of its flavor. Anthony was our server/bartender & he was very patient with our party & helpful with recommendations. Tasty cocktails too.. I'll definitely be coming back!
3 on my updated review I am deducting a star.  They are open for lunch but have no lunch menu, specials, etc.  Same menu as dinner, which is too pricy for lunch considering every restaurant close by has specials.  They also charge way to much for a ice tea, $3.50 really?  They have a happy hour but it is for drinks only, no food specials which is very unusual.  I  got jumbulaya which could be considered soup the sauce was way to liquid, didn't even stick to the pasta or meat.  Friend got the cheesesteak and it was lacking in meat.  We love all the apps but the main courses still need a little work.
5 This place is super cozy and has a great modern feel to it. I love how there are comfortable couches you sit on while you are having your meal.   The service was really great and I'm so happy that they were very attentive.   The food was great and loved the overall experience here.
5 Great spot! Darnell is wonderful at the bar. Phenomenal place for great food and drinks at a reasonable price and great upscale ambiance!!
5 I actually really like the fact that this is a Non gaming bar restaurant.  The decor was clean and chic and jason,  our bartender was great. For a local spot I feel they have a good selection of beer, whiskey,  bourbon and wine. We had some food from the late night menu (crab spinach dip, fried zucchini,  mushroom pasta and gnocchi) all that with 2 wine glasses,  2 beers for 77 isn't bad. Food, service and atmosphere was great, I will definitely come back.  P.S ladies! jason changed one tv channel so I wouldn't have to sit through another miserable basketball game
5 Great service , great food, great people. Try the meatballs, they are great. The design of the place is orginal and very pleasant.
4 Great new place. Some unique food options (both gnocci dishes are great). Good bar service and happy hour.
5 As a party of two, we were seated immediately and received prompt and friendly service.  Had the butternut squash gnocchi, seared scallops, and caesar salad for appetizers.  Had the linguini with clams and the salmon for our entrees.  Had a flourless chocolate cake for dessert.  Every dish was phenomenal.  We got all of this, plus two glasses of wine and a beer, for under 100 bucks.  All around fantastic dining experience; we will be coming back.
5 This is definitely a hidden gem off of the strip.  Finally something hip and upscale and you don't have to deal with tourist.  I would have never expected a place like this from the owners of Oyshi and Soyo. Totally different aura and atmosphere from the others. There's a vintage hipster feel with a nice twist on the music.  Definitely a great place to bring a date or to celebrate a birthday with a group of friends.   Now on to the important stuff. Food :) We had an array of appetizers to start and ended up sharing a meal. We started with the langosta bruschetta which was to die for. Bread was perfectly crisp and didn't break into pieces when you bit into it. The added mango was a perfect addition to the topping.  We also had the sea scallops which had a little twist to them. Originally, I thought the entire plate was made up of only scallops but was soon to find out that they added crispy rice which when eaten with the scallop was amazing!   We also had the crispy gnocchi with pesto and walnuts which was also good and the fried zucchini. After trying all of the appetizers we could have skipped the zucchini. It wasn't bad but compared to the others it didn't compare.   Lastly, we had the spicy seafood spaghetti. I am super picky with Italian food because I grew up with an Italian stepfather who could cook up a storm.  But I was so happy with this dish.  The spicy tomato sauce had a great kick and the taste was perfect to what I am used to. Spaghetti was al dente but I actually like it a little harder (if you know what I mean :). We ended this delicious meal with a perfect ending of creme brûlée. Equally as good as the rest.    Once the word gets out this place is gonna be crazy! Enjoy it while you can. It's only been open for 5 months.  A must try!
4 The Sparklings really filled a void for sit down dining in Mountains Edge. It's not "upscale" but beats many of the quick service places in strip malls. I would rate this as a great place to go on a date because of the atmosphere and prices.   The menu is Italian mostly but offers sandwiches, steak and sea food. Most menu items are below $18 and are of a decent portion.   I had a shrimp and chicken pasta my last visit and a plan spaghetti the first time. Both were really tasty, not the best I've had but a good value for the price.   I haven't gone wrong with any of the appetizers especially the steak salad which has perfectly cooled steak along with sweet apples sliced into the mix.   So many people who live in the southwest come here time and time again. Don't expect the flavors of Honeysalt, but you'll have a great meal!
5 Awesome! This place is a hidden gem. Our waitress Crystal was phenomenal :) she recommended the lobster bruschetta, which was delicious!
3 First of all, the decor in this place is gorgeous.  The detail, the style, all lend to a fancy, yet casual, bordering on hipster-esque, night out on Rainbow Blvd.   I wanted to steal all of their furniture.    Other positives include really friendly, but not creepy friendly, waitstaff.  Our food came out almost immediately and water was always timely refilled.  Okay, so, the food...  We ordered the following: diver scallops (appetizer), butternut squash gnocchi (appetizer), tuna tartare (appetizer); and fries.  The diver scallops were perfectly cooked but....there were only 3....and they were small (the rest were fried rice cakes).  The tuna tartare was also delicious but included only a small portion.  But, good execution all around.  The only things I didn't really enjoy were the butternut squash gnocchi and the fries.  You'd expect a sweetness in the butternut squash gnocchi but unfortunately the squash tasted unripe, making the dish a little bland.  The fries also, sadly, tasted a bit uncooked/raw (and cold).  I'm not sure how you mess up fries, but, those suckers needed way more time in the fryer.  Overall, I'd return because I had a great experience.  Some of the food, yes, was a little off, but I have a feeling it will improve.  3.5 Stars.
4 I live fairly close to this place.  Finally decided to try it out so the wife and I went there on Saturday night.  The decor is awesome, wife and I agree we want our house to look like this!  The menu is decent, nice mix of appetizers and sandwiches and entrees.  We had a beet and apple pizza which was ok, not great and not bad.  I had the club sandwich on the recommendation of the server and it was pretty good.  Wife had a brie and ham sandwich (i think that is what was in it) and she said it was also good.    There were a lot of families with young kids in there dining which was great, but the place was half empty on a Saturday at 7 pm.   I hope it was an anamoly and that it stays busy.  It is nice to have this place in the neighborhood and i hope it is around for many years to come.  Also, Lagunitas IPA on tap which is nice!
4 The sparkling is BEAUTIFUL what a breath of fresh air! Such a great place for a date. Unfortunately for them because it is new, sparkling is also empty. Entrees are $20-25.  The food is average- great pasta and salad and heavy appetizers. I hope this place manages to stay around and continues to improve, it would be a shame to waste its sparkling interior.   I bet this sparkling  would knock the ball out of the park for a classy Sunday brunch, but they don't yet offer it.
4 Hidden gem! For the time being anyway. It's not what you would expect (especially if you've been to the restaurant that was previously in this space), but you'll be pleasantly surprised! The decor is really cute, food is great and service is excellent. We've been here several times and enjoyed our meal every time.  Highlights are the salmon crostini, lobster bruschetta, meatballs, and spaghetti with mushroom and bacon.
4 Really cool addition to the southwest.  There are some excellent items on the menu.  I remember the bacon wrapped meatballs, never had that before in a restaurant.  I've had a lot of things wrapped in bacon, but never a meatball.  It was a nice touch.  Everyone will appreciate the interior of this restaurant.  It's spacious enough where you can have a big party and still feel private.
5 Great restaurant with a modern decor located about 15-20 min away from the strip. We came here during the day time and it was surprisingly quiet and almost empty (a few patrons were in the restaurant). We were greeted by an awesome waiter named Jason and his service was superb.  Tasted the prime rib which was by far the best prime rib I've ever had. It was very tender and almost melted like butter in my mouth. Their crab spinach cheese dip which was also delicious. As far as their Jumbalaya, it was a bit too salty.  Moderately priced. Overall great, I'd like to come to this restaurant again and try more of what they have on their menu.
5 Wonderful amazing food. Atmosphere is excellent! Service was awesome.   Will definitely come back!
4 Great staff, great food, awesome happy hour, cute atmosphere.. minus the bad music. Gone a few times and it's SO quite and awkward with the bad elevator music they play.  Even the staff complained about while we were there. Livin it up a little guys, especially in the bar ;p
5 Food was great! Service was spectacular! We had a birthday dinner here and they set us up in a private room. The decor is quaint and cute.  Loved the steak and Chicken Cajun shrimp, delicious! They made my son feel so special on his bday! We will be back for many more dinners.
5 Trendy and classy decoration in this newly opened restaurant. The same owner of Oyshi sushi. Very spacious dinning area, bar lounge, and private rooms. Great cocktails, Happy hour with 30% off everyday from 5-10 pm. Reasonable price. Tasty ribeye and flat bread with honey.
5 We came here to meet up with our Vegas peeps who are regulars here. Right when we entered through the door, we were greeted by the staff. We made our way to the bar and ordered the Moscow Mule. It was delicious and came in a cute copper mug. The bartender was attentive. We also ordered meatball marinara, fried portobello mushrooms, and flatbread with grapes and cheese from the happy hour menu; all were delicious. I would come back for drinks, food, and service.
5 We found this place from yelp and I was really impressed. We had two different gnocchi appetizer and the jambalaya. They are all really flavorful and I like the chicken and the shrimp in the jambalaya most as they are very tender and juicy.   The decor is definitely very nice and our waiter is exceptional. Definitely coming back if I am local.  I choose this place any time over the comparable chains for more interesting menu, higher food quality, more trendy decor and better services.
5 Had a great bartender. Great food. The turkey and cranberry blew my mind. I felt underdressed in a t shirt and jeans.  Love that I can get a little bit more dressed up for dinner and not have to break the bank. The happy hour is awesome. We had three drinks and two entrees and our bill was $33! Defiantly will be going back.
5 The service was stellar, this drinks stiff, and the food superb.   The crispy gnocchi was stellar.
5 Great food!! beautiful resturant... Great service/cocktails made the right way very impressed bacon wrapped meatballs were awesome
5 Love this restaurant, my friends and I come at least once a week. I usually get their grilled octopus, steak salad, sweet potato fries, and scallops. The grilled octopus is really tender and is flavorful. And not to mention Andy is always welcoming!
5 Food is amazing.  I have eaten here several times but find it disconcerting that their menu isn't available online.  It's 2014 sparklings, get with the times.  Sometimes I want to get food after a long day of work but have to get it elsewhere because they don't have an online menu where I can order and pick up to take home.  Btw, I miss the short rib they used to have.  Gnocchi is killer though
5 Found this on Yelp. There is a disconnect between the exterior and interior design, but that is to be expected off the strip. The interior is chabby chic and extremely cute! It was surprisingly empty on a Friday night. They have areas for more intimate private parties as well. We had a great waiter, attentive and friendly. The food was pretty good. My friends had a veggie sandwich and a shrimp poboy. They loved it. The spinach crab dip was pretty good & the gnocchi was awesome!! The only disappointment was the clam chowder, it was just ok..nothing great.
5 This place is amazing! It's my absolute favorite lunchtime restaurant. The Gorgonzola flatbread with honey is outstanding. Lots of choices for vegetarians. My boyfriend and friends love the bacon wrapped meatballs. The waiters here are very nice and pleasant. This place should be way more busy with the quality of food that you get.
5 I have been wanting to go here for months and I finally went with my bf. It was a Friday night 11:30pm. I was pretty surprised that this place stays open until 3am (its really awesome for a local restaurant) When we walked we were promptly greeted and seated.  Ambience: The ambience is so cute, very grand and quaint at the same time. I love the mismatch motif. It's nothing I've ever seen before in Vegas. The Sparklings is like Alice in Wonderland meets Breakfast at Tiffany's. They played current EDM at the bar (where we sat at).   Food: We ordered the portobello fries and garlic truffle fries for an appetizer then ordered the spaghetti in cream sauce and a cheesesteak sandwich. For dessert we ordered the cheese cake. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the sauce was savory. The sandwich was served with a salad and it was succulent and juicy.   Service:  Everyone on staff was very hospitable. Our server was Ray the bartender. I don't know where to begin with how great Ray was. He made sure our drinks were always topped off and always checked up on us. I mentioned that it was my bf's birthday, nonchalantly, when we ordered our drinks at the beginning of dinner and when our dessert came out he put a candle on our cheesecake (little cues like that win me over; attention to detail). When my bf and I finished our lovely meal we sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple drinks. We had a wonderful time conversing with Ray. He is truly a wonderful bartender and a beautiful soul.  Overall: Came for the experience and stayed for the service.   The Sparklings is a must for Vegas...Go!
4 This place is really good! Like others have said, the decor is awesome. The chandelier is beautiful. Went tonight with my parents and husband. The restaurant wasn't full at all. Our waiter, Jason, was great. He was very personable and attentive. The food was good. We got the bacon & dates wrapped meatballs, gorgonzola flatbread with honey, and seared diver scallops appetizers. The flatbread was not crispy, it was chewy, and a little on the oily side. It wasn't bad, just not what we were expecting. Our entrees were the cajun chicken and shrimp pasta, jambalaya, spicy seafood pasta, and pan-seared atlantic salmon. They were all very tasty. No complaints. Definitely coming back.
1 What a shame... I wanted to love The Sparklings primarily because the decor is beautiful and it's a stylish restaurant in the Southwest. That being said, the food was atrocious. This was like one of those Hell's Kitchen episodes where Gordon Ramsay attempts to tell the owner how horrible his food is, and the owner is consistently in denial. We found the jambalaya particularly awful- soggy, bland, and without inspiration. The menu was unfocused and we will, unfortunately, not return.
5 This place is amazing. Fancy food for really good prices. You can walk in with shorts and a tshirt on but it looks so nice! Food is also super awesome. Bartender I had was Ray. He was super. :)
5 Beautiful interior, food is amazing and reasonably priced. Late night bartender Ray makes beautiful cocktails.
5 Went here for the first time. Spontaneous date night. The ambience is original and pleasant. My love and I decided to go "tapas" style with their appetizers, which we were happy we did. The crispy gnocchi is must try. Also our server Tyler was excellent, very attentive without being too much. Overall an excellent night out. We will be returning again very soon.
5 Just a real nice, chill place to eat, drink and hang out with friends. Nice vibes going on here!!
4 Great spot for a casual dinner or drinks. Good atmosphere. Good menu. Good prices. Menu is a bit small but you sacrifice quantity for great quality. The gnocchi is delicious. And any of the pasta dishes are fantastic. Definitely a new neighborhood favorite spot for date nights.
5 My boyfriend and I dined at this restaurant this evening for the first time, and we loved it! It's a quaint little Victorian style restaurant with amazing service and a great food/drink selection. We ordered the spaghetti bacon and mushroom with cream sauce, and the Cajun pasta which was both so delicious that we couldn't help but share! I also had a raspberry mojito which made me feel like I was on a beach in Tahiti. Yum! This is a must try!
4 5/25/2014 - Party of 3. We enjoyed our dinner and drinks... Braised Beef Ribs - Pretty Tasty  & Spicy Seafood Pasta - Just OK. Staff was on point most of the time.. We would go back..
5 We came for date night to try something new. Great food! Great atmosphere! Great service! The creme brûlée is heavenly.    We will be back for sure.
5 5 stars for: food, drink, decor, ambiance, and Andy! First time meeting the owner but he was awesome. My friend that had an event at this restaurant introduced him and he was accommodating not only to her, but a lot of the guests. I overheard a lot of people calling out to say hello to him. I wish this place well, because it seems like everyone, staff and clientele are all happy in there.
3 Saw a lot of great reviews and was recommended by my friend to dine here so I went a few days ago. I absolutely love the decor of the restaurant. Very classy & nice. They have few "private" type of seatings available for big groups so that was good. Service was good too since there weren't too many groups in house- probably like 3 or 4? And a few at the bar. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive; checked up on us a lot. The owner/manager came out to chat with us as well & he seemed cool! They have a good selection of food & drinks.  Now for the food: we started by ordering the  portobello fries. It was good & something different. For my main meal I ordered the spicy seafood pasta. Now BEWARE it is SUPER SPICY!! The portion was huge with lots of seafood and it looked delicious but once you put it in your mouth, you were on fire! Even my friends who could tolerate spicy foods said it was pretty extreme. And because of this, it messed up my stomach for two days :( So if you're going to order this, I would suggest you to tell them not to make it too spicy.  My friends ordered the hamburger steak, steak salad, cajun pasta, & ribs. I didn't get to try any of their food but they all said it was delicious~ Especially the hamburger steak & ribs.  Unfortunately for the steak salad, my friend's steak had a lot of fatty parts- where she couldn't eat so she told the waitress and they were able to bring out a new one for her.  Tons of parking outside of the restaurant.  I would like to go back next time but definitely will order something else.
4 Great atmosphere~ nice scene~ somehow it was when I dined with my family, prices for appetizer was reasonable but steaks were a bit pricy compares to cheesecake like similar restaurant classes... however for the foods we order like scallops, gnocchi, parmesan fries were unbelievable but meatball bacon dates was extremely salty which I leftover most of it other than that it rocks my pallet~ Im giving them 4 stars becuz my entree like clam linguine were no flavor also their soft drink price was extreme price where fountain iced tea was $3.50 and canned ginger ale too... if it was fresh brewed or organic.. I would definitely pay what it was but... disappointed... however as general service was decent food came out fast but just want them to make entrer have flavor into it and adjust prices on non alcoholic beverages or upgrade that to organic or fresh brew.. well done sparklings~
5 Friendly and attentive service! Food was good and cocktails were even better! Try the cucumber French!
5 I celebrated my daughter's 2nd birthday here with close friends and family. Had a wonderful lunch, and excellent service. Andy the mgr will work with you with how much servings you need for a certain amount of people. I was a little embarrass cause the kids were running around the place (sorry Andy), thank you Dina for entertaining the kids also!
5 We attended a little get together and as I walked into this restaurant, it reminded me of a New York City lounge/restaurant place. its very trendy and the atmosphere was nice. Great place to have a bridal shower, baby shower, small type venues.   The food was really good. They made it family style and it worked out great with everyone in the table. There were like 7 different dishes =chicken and shrimp jumbalaya, mussels, carbonara, chicken wings, scallops , garlic fries, arugula flat bread and they were all good. impressive. The owner and the waitress were really nice.  We had little kids with us and the waitress put them in their own table and entertained them with paper and crayons so the adults can enjoy.
5 My twin and I went there for lunch to try it for the first time. We were really impressed with everything. The place looks really nice n clean n our server, Crystal, was very helpful with the menu. She was very friendly and very efficient. We ordered the beet salad and the famous crispy gnocchi that Crystal recommended and we loved them both. For our entrees I ordered short rib and my twin ordered a rib eye steak. Everything was cooked to perfection. We will definitely be back. We are both in the restaurant industry so we will absolutely tell our friends at work to come check this place out. We were so surprised they weren't busy but maybe because they are new. We will definitely make The Sparklings  our new place to hang out! Thanks Crystal. U rock!!
4 Good food, great ambiance and service!! I had the short ribs and they were tender and falling off the bone moist n juicy!! Dessert was scrumptious and simply delish!! I plan on coming back and have recommended this place!
4 My wife and I really like this place. The food is always well prepared, and they offer a solid variety of menu items. The tappas are very good - I really crave the gnocchi dishes as soon as I enter the building. Try the club sandwich - seems like a vanilla type item to order - but the Sparklings does it better than anyone.
5 I've grown to be highly cynical of restaurants on Yelp that have 4+ stars, because I'm usually disappointed. A lot of Yelpers just don't have very good taste in food, so it's very hit or miss.   After eating yesterday at The Sparklings, I left extremely impressed. I had three dishes there: a Caesar salad, the bacon and date-wrapped meatballs and the crispy gnocchi. All three were excellent! The service was prompt and friendly, and they take a lot of pride in their food. They have a lot of tapas-type offerings and a very pleasant dining atmosphere.   This is a very exciting addition to the SW Las Vegas restaurant scene and I'm glad they're in my area. I really hope people support this great restaurant, because they truly deserve it. Do yourself a favor and check out The Sparklings!
5 I always get a great experience coming here. We always come in during the later hours and the bartenders are always really nice. The food is also just as good! Crab and spinach dip are my favorite! Last night I just tried the flourless chocolate with vanilla ice cream, it hit the spot! Atmosphere is just as nice too!
4 Love this place!  Super cute gem tucked away in a spot you would never guess.  A friend had to tell me about it or I never would have gone. Nice atmosphere with some fun decor.  There are lots of different seating postures so you can find what you like: sofa, lounge chairs, regular dining table, bar seating, and booth seating.    The food is good as well. Didn't knock my socks off but definitely worth trying.   The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is bc the service is slow. We were sitting in the lounge area in the bar so perhaps they just need to get a server to cover that area rather than the bar tender.  I will definitely be back!
4 Yes a fan I am! Here's why...first of all it's about time we have an upscale gourmet eatery in this otherwise chain restaurant laden area of SW Vegas. Secondly the food was very nice and at 30% off happy hour prices on a Friday night, we had a grand time trying a variety of appetizers which matched well with our prosecco (sparkling like the restaurants name) and novelty cocktails, I had a blueberry ginger mojito, or two...yet I digress...the food, bacon wrapped meatballs (divine), langostino bruschetta (splendid) and fried zucchini sticks (nice). The last but not least thing is the ambience... feminine, artsy, delicate yet comfortable... a contrast against the  predominately male staff.
4 The Sparklings is conveniently located around the corner from my home.  The decor reminds me of the tiny blue box from Tiffany's signifying class and elegance.  However this restaurant isn't pretentious whatsoever.  Dress up or go business casual. The food is really good...I have ordered the shrimp Po boy sandwich and the Cajun pasta before.  The flour less chocolate cake with raspberry is simply divine!    Its been open for several month's however I get the feeling that not everyone knows this.  Once they get dialed in, then I'm sure we can count on them to serve us fine Las Vegas people what we want...brunch that is!
5 Everything is delicious here!! From the drinks to the appetizers to the entrées!! Staff is super friendly and the management really cares about the service being provided
4 I tried this place a couple days ago thinking it was new, but when I asked to waiter they've been open since last year. The decor was beautiful, the atmosphere was chill, and the food was amazing. The waiter was nice and friendly, but pretty average service. The place was quite empty when we arrived, so we got seated right away.  Me and my friends ordered beers, the sweet potato fries, fried zucchini, bruschetta, and caesar salad as our appetizers. I was a bit irritated that the bruschetta on the menu did not state that it had seafood in it, as one of my friends is severely allergic to seafood. Good thing I tried it before he did, and immediately tasted the crab meat. I suggest they change the menu and put stars next to their seafood products as an indicator, because it only says "cream cheese, avocado, and onion" as the toppings. It was still quite delicious, but my friend was the one who ordered it and couldn't even enjoy it or try it.  As our main course selections I ordered the spicy seafood pasta. It was the perfect amount of spice and the seafood tasted fresh! And I'm usually very picky with how I like my seafood. Two of my friends both ordered the bacon and mushroom pasta, which I tasted. It was also delicious. My other friend had the clam linguini, which he thought was delicious as well, although I didn't try any.   Overall, I gave 4 stars because the atmosphere and food was really good. I enjoyed it and would come back again. The only reason I docked 1 star was because of the lack of labeling of which appetizers have seafood. If he took a bite of it before I did, we would have ditch that place and make a trip to the ER fast!! Luckily that didn't happen!
5 Perfect sized portions, Excellent Food and amazing atmosphere.  Its like nothing else in the SW part of the valley.. I stumbled upon it after finding out from a friend that his son worked there.  I used to pass by it thinking it was just another PT/Lodge type bar as the outside decor would make you think that.. However step inside and you are transported to a different world.  I have been back 3 times since then, its the perfect location to have a nice date night... not to expensive, not to high class... a great spot overall.    I will be back again and again.  Oh Bonus !!! The Owner and Staff are all amazing..  Try out their cocktails !!!!!!
4 Overall pretty decent.  While the pricing is good, the portioning is commensurate with that pricing.  Overall it was pretty good, but since the portions were a little on the small side, you were left wanting.  The ribeye looked like a the same size as you would get with steak and eggs, and the file was maybe 5 or 6 oz.  The bar looks worthwhile and they happy hour specials looked to be of good value.
5 I chose this restaurant to eat at for my boyfriend's birthday and I had never eaten here before. The server Jason was extremely accommodating and helpful. I dropped off balloons prior to my dinner reservation and he had them already set up at my table with waters and menus waiting for my boyfriend and I when we got there later that night.  This place is gorgeous and the food is sooo yummy! The slider appetizers were so amazing as well as the cajun shrimp and chicken pasta. The service was great! I will definitely be back again!
4 Had a great meal the crispy gnocchi defiantly saved this review!!  The host was great got us seated earlier then our reservation on a sat night, but on the other hand it was DEAD in there for a sat night. The wait staff was not on it that night either, it seemed like no one was sure what section they were serving.... took for ever to get one over and get our drinks.  I had a Moscow bourbon in a copper cup mmmmmm! And started with the crispy gnocchi which I will say again was my favorite! My meal was the rice au gratin with chicken very good but very rich!   To finish they gave us a free flourless chocolate cake for my and my friends birthday! very good but, dense and rich , order a side of ice cream to go with defiantly needed .   All and all I want to give this place another chance to get five stars I know they have it in them I just need that stellar service.
5 I have been to The Sparklings 4 times and each experience was 5 star.  The food is delicious (great variety) and the ambiance and staff is superb.  I'm thrilled that we have a restaurant like this in the SW!
5 Love it!! First went here for my birthday back in January and have been a fan ever since! The atmosphere and decor is the first thing I noticed! Very intimate setting the provides a great feel.   The prices are so reasonable along with the healthy portions of food! I love the Chicken Parmesan and my boyfriend first got the short ribs. The meat was so tender it fell of the bone!   The happy hour is also a must do. Can't beat half off drinks right? I also love the management! He remembered us from the first time we came and genuinely cares about his customers and making sure they have a great experience! I highly recommend coming for any occasion; birthday, graduation, impromptu date night. It's a great spot you'll keep coming back to!
5 Our first time coming here-myself and the boyfriend - we walked in and was impressed with the decor and atmosphere. We ordered a variety of dishes from the crab and spinach dip, bacon and dates wrap meatball and the turkey and cranberry sandwich. We both enjoyed the food immensely. The food was absolutely delicious- quality ingredients and gourmet taste at a very affordable price. The staff was extremely personable and I also liked the music a lot  this was our first time here but definitely will not be our last.
5 I came here for a friend's birthday dinner and I totally did not expect the ambiance that I experienced when I walked in. From the outside, it doesn't really look the way it does on the inside. It's a very relaxed, yet sophisticated setting. Some tables are sectioned off with more privacy. The food is great. I definitely recommend this place.
