4 Ronda makes this company work. Always on time and flexible when I have a conflict. Her work is impeccable. Really am pleased.
4 Magic Mops LLC provides an outstanding cleaning service.  They are always on-time, thorough, upfront with costs, and willing to be flexible with your scheduling needs.  I would highly recommend them for cleaning of your home/business.
1 My husband purchased a voucher through Living Social as a gift for me and I was very excited to use it to A) get a break! and B) spruce up before our family came to visit from out of town.  I didn't have a very good first impression when I first called because the person who answered was unprofessional and answered with a simple "Hello?" so I wasn't even sure if I had called the right number for a business.  However, I continued to schedule anyway as I was more concerned with the actual cleaning than phone courtesy.  Because of the popularity with the recent Living Social deal, they didn't have any availabilities for another 2-3 weeks, and would still honor my voucher past the promotion date, which was great.  The afternoon before my appointment, I hadn't received a confirmation call so I had to call them to make sure that I was still on the books and that they had the correct address, as it had been some time since it was scheduled.  Well, the next day, the time of my appointment came and went.  No call, no one showed up.  I called to find out what was going on and the same woman who I spoke with before simply said, "Something came up.  One of the cleaners didn't show up so she's swamped.  She'll be there!  She didn't forget about you."  I asked if she could give me an approximate window, since I had to leave to pick up my kids.  She said, "Oh don't worry!  Go ahead and pick them up.  She probably won't even be done by then anyway."  Btw, my original appointment was at 12:30 and I didn't have to pick up my kids until 3.  Pretty soon it was 2, 3, 4... I finally called at 4:45 and the same woman told me, "She had to come back for some more towels.  She'll be there as soon as she can."  I was scheduled for a 2 hour cleaning and already had dinner plans with our out-of-town family, so having the house cleaned until 7 was out of the question!  I hesitantly rescheduled for another day, but ended up contacting Living Social and getting a refund as I did not want to risk going through this again.  I understand that things happen sometimes, but communication was very poor, and this was a horrible first impression!
1 My husband bought me a voucher through Amazon Local.  Made appointment and lady called and confirmed the day of the appointment that they would be there at noon.  We waited all day and no one ever showed.  I called and left a message very upset.  I had company coming in town and needed my house cleaned.  A lady called me back the next day asking me why I was so upset and she was sorry but we weren't schedule for another week at a different time.  A time that would not work for us anyway, so I never would of agreed to that time. I asked her why did I get a call yesterday that they were coming and she said that must of been a mix up we were not on the schedule. I think this LLC has horrible customer service.  Maybe they do good house work, but I would not know because they obviously do not care enough to get new clients.  Absolutely ridiculous!! I would never recommend them to anyone.  If you can't show up or even have the decency to call Don't own your own business and then to have the audacity to lie to me and tell me I was in the wrong.  I think not!!!!!
5 Ronda has been cleaning my home exclusively for years. She works extremely hard and quick. She brings all her own chemicals and equipment which I really like. She is always on time and will clean anything that I ask her to clean. Im so glad that I found such a friendly, hard worker as Ronda and at such a reasonable rate. I always tip Ronda because of the consistent quality of work that she provides. Thanks Ronda!!
5 I booked an appointment 3 weeks in advance with the owner, Rhonda. Rhonda is very pleasant and professional. She came to my house 15 minutes early to set-up. She asked what things I would like cleaned and then had me prioritize my wish list. She completed everything on my list within 3 hours. I have an 1800 sq. foot home too. What I like about Rhonda compared to other cleaning services is that she is very THOROUGH.She does an excellent job for a very reasonable price. I will definitely be using her in the future. My advice to you, is book early, like 3 weeks out, cause she is busy.
