1 This business gets no stars. Beware.  They state they get some of their products, in particular Talalay mattress toppers from Latex International. They don't. They sell an inferior product that has a very  strong chemical odor that does not go away.  The law tag that comes on the product with a "bamboo" cover ( not bamboo but 65% polyester 35% bamboo) clearly states the product comes from Utah and NOT from CT. (The only place Latex International manufactures and ships from). Another tag clearly states that the cover can be removed to wash using the zipper. There is no zipper. Customer service is non existent. They constantly change what they tell you. Even outright lie. Don't use their chat line. ( no record of what they tell you) make all conversations in the form of emails.
5 Approx two months ago we bought a 10" latex mattress Essence Firmness: soft http://www.brooklynbedding.com/10-inch-natural-latex-mattress  and we couldn't be happier! The person on the phone was competent and he was able to ship the mattress the same day we ordered on friday, so we received it on tuesday! (instead of wends). The mattress is very comfortable and we have no more backaches. Our son bought the same mattress approx 1 year ago and for him it is a bit too soft, but he says it was comfortable enough not to bother change it with a more firm one
4 First of all, the product is great - great quality but much cheaper than the best-known (expensive) brand.  And really good warranty.  The only issue I have is that I got shipped a defective mattress - they agree it is defective.  BUT they would not send me a replacement w/o ME putting up the money for the replacement and only give me a credit once they have control of the defective mattress. So, I basically got stuck funding THREE mattresses (yes, I had bought another top of the line memory foam mattress).  Don't know about you, but that is not easily handled in my budget! And of course, the "sales" manager would not let me talk to the owner.  I'm being kind and giving four stars.  The product would be five stars, but the service is anything but good.  Really feel ripped off.  Service would be one star.
1 After reading glowing reviews on the Mattress Underground, I decided to gamble on a 10" Bamboo. 2 topper exchanges later, I have a sagging mess on my hands even considering it is now fitted with their firmest topper. While the toppers are fairly reasonable to exchange, the foundation isn't and makes it cost prohibitive to do so. Rather than gambling $1000+, I would encourage people to source something locally. I don't doubt these are good intentioned people, but I can't promote a product that has a serious impression after 6 months of nightly use. I've given up on it completely.
5 This is long overdue, but we love our mattress. We have had it for some time now, but I don't get on Yelp as often as I would like which is why it took so long to write this.   We also referred my mother in law who got a great deal and was very happy with her mattress.  The website makes it very easy to order and chat popped up right away (I didn't need it, but I saw it come right up when I just went on the site again.)
