3 Well I treated myself and my husband for mani and pedis since we got coupons in the mail. We both got the signature (which is the most expensive) the technicians didn't seem to know what they were doing. Some of the steps were rushed bc of time. My husband started after my lady did and he was done before me. He was pretty let down about that. Both technicians didn't really massage us. Then the manis, they were ok nothing special. I didn't get any massage. All in all I felt bad bc my husband wasn't impressed and we spent alot of $ for not so great service.
1 BEWARE!!!!  So ever since my husband and I went to this place we've been watching our account with them double charging us. Well this morning it was processed. So I called the nail salon and had to deal with no one who knew how to help me with their mistake. The lady said "yeah we over charged like all our clients". Not a good feeling at all and not a way to get customers to return. So after dealing with the the receptionist and the "owner" she said she'd have her other receptionist call me back. Well 4 hours later no one called so I called and got the receptionist and she it took 15 mins but supposedly she returned it and would be sending me the receipt. Oh mind you she told me it's gonna take a week till my money is fully refunded. Oh yay!! So not only was my husband and my services awful and overly expensive with a coupon but they double charged us. Oh yeah and we never were given a call to say I'm sorry your service was awful. After I called a week ago to tell them how shitty our service was. Gave my info so the owner could call me back but never got a call. So needless to say we will never return. Thanks for the shitty service and the headache with over charging our account. I'd rather paint my own nails.
1 With years of experiences your beautiful nails and skin care fabulous ...
3 Made an appointment and had to wait 30 minutes, started with one nail person and in the middle she left to take care if another client. Prices are way too high and customer service is poor. Never said oh let us give you a discount for having to wait 30 minutes past the scheduled appointment. The only going for them is they only speak English I'm the salon not like the others where all they do is speak Vietnamese I. Front if customers
5 Great experience overall! Will definitely be back! LT WAS GREAT! Perfect Atmosphere for a new mommy to relax!
1 Went there recently and service was decent but not great. I checked my bank acct and found out they billed me twice. I called to report it and they said the money would be returned but 2 weeks later nothing. Time to call and complain again.
5 Definitely the best nail salon I have ever been to and I'm extremely happy it's only 5 minutes from my house.  Right when I walked it I got this relaxing feeling from everyone there. Customer service was amazing, especially my girl, Lisa, who did my deluxe pedicure and gel manicure. She wasn't forcing herself to talk to me either which was a relaxing feeling for me. And the workers were pretty much speaking English around everyone. Big plus ! Absolutely coming back in two-three weeks and having Lisa again!
5 This place is the out of this world as far as nail salons go. A ton of nail techs to get your pampering started as soon as you walk in.  There is background music, TVs, magazines, massage chairs, refreshments and even snacks while you are getting your services done. The three rooms are semi divided so its a lot more quiet and a bit more private than your average nail salon. The register is divided by a small wall to block incoming/outgoing noise. I was asked numerous times if I needed anything. My nail tech engaged in friendly conversation while he worked my feet.  The only drawback was in the middle of the salon is a huge sink/counter/ drawer area where they keep a lot of their supplies like towels, lotions,etc and that section was very busy with the techs going back and forth, rinsing out things, opening/shutting drawers, pouring out lotions. It was a bit distracting and made it hard to totally relax. The prices were a bit high for services, but I would say the customer service and the atmosphere made up for it.
5 If you are like me, I don't have extra money to throw away on nails and toes that aren't done right and a pedicure that isn't great.  I have SEARCHED FOR A PLACE LIKE THIS! FOR SEVERAL REASONS! ...first of all, the place is gorgeous.  I have never been to a nail "spa" that actually felt like one.  I have been to so many places in the South because I just moved to the area...and you know everyone wants to refer you to the "best" place... but I have been very dissatisfied..... UNTIL I FOUND THIS ONE!   The place is so calm...its not a rat race (like I felt like when I was at other salons). They treated me like I was royalty from the moment I walked in the door.  Everyone greeted me and was kind.  They have wonderful refreshments, they wait on you hand and foot  (this is where the "spa" part comes in!!!!)  .... They went and got me coffee and asked me if I needed anything else.    Their products are top of the line!  I have never had a better pedicure!!!  She even REDID my nails because she didn't like how they weren't perfect with the nail polish job on one nail (and I didn't even notice it).  PERFECTION...HENCE THE NAME OF THE PLACE!  I was so impressed!!!!  They have a special room where they do deals for 4+ parties!!! They have a separate area closed off by beautiful decor and sheer curtains!!!! AND THEY SERVE YOU CHAMPAGNE!! YES! I SAID THEY SERVE YOU CHAMPAGNE AND WINE!!!! :)  And lastly, they actually listen to you!!! Everyone likes things done differently...or has different needs.  I am a runner and crossfitter...my hands and feet are jacked.  I told her this...she really took the time to work on my feet and I really felt like I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR!!! I have never left a salon happy yet.....(I know, I'm a nail snob) LOL...    THIS PLACE ROCKS AND IF YOU DON'T GO HERE YOU'RE TRUELY MISSING OUT!!!!!!!
5 I went in yesterday and got a gel manicure with Kevin, he did an excellent job!! This place gives me the "life's good feel". When you're having a rough day and need to relax this is a perfect place to unwind.  They provide refreshments and great customer service! I loved it SOOO much I am here right now writing this review! Brought two friends :)
5 I had a new gel set of nails put in and a gel pedicure.  Lisa N did a wonderful job.  She was also professional and speaks perfect English.  A real gem!!!  Definitely  will be back and will book with Lisa,,,,
4 I finally found a nail salon that offers professional and courteous service.  I was a walk-in and was greeted right away, I signed in and was escorted to AMY.  At first I wasn't sure about it but it turned out great!  Amy did my nails exactly how I like them.  The salon is very pretty, clean, modern and relaxing.  The only reason I gave it four stars is because it's a bit more expensive than other salon's in town.  Amy was fast and thorough.  When I checked out at the front desk my info was already in their system and I booked my next appt.  The nail salon I had been going to (Polished) was no longer doing the good job and offering the good service they used to.  I had a great experience at Professor Nail and Spa.  I loved it!!!
5 This is my new favorite spot! I'm from Los Angeles and we take our nails really serious especially the designs and styles. Since I moved to Vegas I haven't found one decent spot but this honestly is better than most California places.   I went to Amy for my nails and I loved them! She's 100 percent my new nail lady and I won't be going anywhere else.
5 Very quite on a Saturday.  But when they are busy they have plenty of stations to get you done. I don't like how they have their nail polish set up. Hard to see all the choices.
5 Great friendly place! I have never liked getting my nails done and have tried many salons (because of bad experiences). I have visited Professor Nails since the grand opening and I can tell you I now LOVE having my nails done. Kevin has been wonderful, the owner is Awesome and Kevin's wife Jan is equally amazing! Jan placed natural looking eyelash extensions (my 1st time)! Go see them you will have no regrets! Laina
2 I was very excited to get a new nail salon in southern highlands, but unfortunately it did not hold up to expectations. I had a coupon for free manicure with a gem pedicure and my total still came out to $80.00. I had showed my nail tech a picture of what I wanted, since the add stated they specialized in nail art and 3D nail art. It wasn't even close. I never like to be pushy and offered to show her the picture again but she said she knew what it looked like. Very disappointed after, since I got home and realized my toes were crooked and she filed them down so far, they hurt. I hate to write this review since the staff was very nice, but I will not be going back.
5 Well its been a long time coming for a full service, clean, professional Nail Salon in Southern Highlands.  I've lived here for 10 years and thrilled to have Professor Nail & Spa in my neighborhood.  You are greeted immediately at the door and you have your choice of a refreshing cup of ice tea or lemon water. Their tools are hygienically sealed which is very important to me. And the entire salon is always very clean whenever I am there. I am sure they must have a daily cleaning service.  I have been there several times for a mani and pedi and Jen, Kevin and Kelly have provided excellent service. Today Kelly gave me a beautiful french manicure with just a little glitter to top it off.  Thank you for opening in my neighborhood - I enjoy being treated like I am special and I always feel that way here.
4 I really love this place! It is gorgeous, clean, relaxing, and love the fact that there is a receptionist. The girls who work the desk are so sweet and very attentive and welcoming. Its a nice thing to have when you can be so used to walking in and having someone yell at you to pick a color and get frustrated when you don't do what they assume you should be doing with no direction. I love the pedicure room. it is so relaxing and stunning. If memory serves me right, they have about 10 pedicure chairs which is awesome! They have a great selection of gel colors to choose from and I LOVE the attention to detail- letting you choose your scent for scrub and lotion! They do a great job making you feel relaxed. My first time there they offered me lemon water and wine. I only got the water- which was fantastic. The second time I was not offered either, but I did get a hot stone massage with my pedicure, which was missing on my first visit. The manicure stations are a little bit packed in there- I feel like they have way too many set up for the small space. And how often will they have all in use at once?? I do love that they have the curing lamps for gel manicures built into the stations rather than setting them on top. I always seem to hit my nails on them when I have to do it at an angle. My only "meh" is that in the 2 times I've gone, both of the techs that I have had have been pretty sucky in their painting techniques. The first was gel on toes and fingers and there was tons of gaps where he just didn't paint the full nail. The second time was just plain polish and the girl did a very poor job- it was streaky and she too left gaps on my nails. It really annoyed me with the gels because I can't really fix them unless I have them redo it (but I didn't have the time for that). Otherwise, I change my polish so often that I can just redo it with regular polish. I have always gone with a coupon as well- which is a huge bonus and rare to see. I will continue going, for now. The pros outweigh the cons.
1 I came into this salon with a coupon that I received in the mail. When I arrived it seems that the terms on the coupon were different than stated. I was not happy with the bait and switch that was happening. The girl at the counter was nice but lacked knowledge of products and prices and seemed confused by the coupon/flyer that I brought in. While there I looked into their prices which I felt were quite high in comparison to the salons that I usually go to. Overall I was not at all happy with the way they run their business. I won't be returning. Highland Nail Salon and Polished are staying my go to salons.
5 I love this place! My nails always turn out beautiful, and love the complimentary drinks (your choice of water, hot tea, coffee or wine.) the staff is friendly, and I love that the pedicure standard is sugar scrub, hot stone and scented lotion. Definitely recommend!!
5 My new fav place! !  Love the work and customer service there and my nails never break.  Paul is great who usually does my nails and the place is beautiful,  always clean and friendly and they have a beverage bar!
5 !!!!!BEST~CLEANEST~MOST POSH NAIL SALON IVE EVER SEEN!!!!! THE BAD REVIEWS MUST BE A SABOTAGE ATTEMPT FROM THE OTHER NAIL SALONS UP HERE!!!  The moment I walked into this place I was greeted with nothing but big smiles and "how may I help you todays" I took my Hubby, My Daughter, My Grand Daughter and Myself and we really enjoyed ourselves!! Cindy did my nails nice and thin (pink & whites) as I had asked and Kevin gives THE BEST PEDICURE youll ever wish for! We had the deluxe treatment with was, hot stone massage, massage chairs, and they even have they CUTEST little kids chairs too!! I cant believe all of the choices!! They are def up on the latest technology!!  They offer so many services! Micro Dermabrasion, Series of European Facials, Ear Candling!!!, All Types of Body Waxing, Eyelash Extensions, They even have an Ice Cream Pedicure we can enjoy in the Summertime! 10470 Decatur Blvd  Las Vegas, NV 89141  (702) 293-2238
5 This place is the newest nail salon in and by Southern Highlands. Definitely the "Professor" of them all. I was pleasantly surprised walking in. It's like an Oasis. It does not feel caddy or like you're put on the spot either. And let's be real people, who wants to feel stared at and bombarded when walking into relax and get away? To be honest, it doesn't feel like a nail salon - it feels like a spa. Very private too.  They sell & use all Dermalogica skin and body products. That right there sold me as I've used it for years. Amazing line. VERY hard to find. They also offer FREE drinks (Cappuccinos, white wine, lemon/cucumber water, etc.) with any service you get.   Upon walking in for the 1st time, I was greeted by Cindy. She was so nice and genuine. A real sincerity to please and make you feel comfortable. She was not pushy or rude or I wouldn't have brought my entire family in as well. Even my father got a pedicure and never in his 60 years has he felt comfortable enough to do so  (mostly because most nail salons suck. Let's be real here. And ones that don't suck smell of nail polish and chemicals like the ones in the area or just truly don't understand what you want and need done). Also something different about this place is they don't rush you like it's all about money and banging out customers. A lot of them speak English well and it just feels warm and family oriented which I'm all about. VERY clean & sanitary as well - they use disposable plastic liners in the foot tubs, major plus! Go here or at least walk in & feel it out for yourself. You won't be disappointed. Also I got my eyebrows waxed for the 1st time and it was fabulous. They use this beautiful lavender opalescent warm wax and are very gentle. I felt cared for and listened to. What more could one want? My entire family and I will be returning here. I actually go again in a few days and am so excited. Cheers.
1 Sounds and looks like a great place but didnt deliver. Worst pedicure ever. Seems like it will b nice. The offer a scrub, scented lotion and hot rock rub. But the scrub was 2 seconds the " massage" was a light handed lotion rub and the " hot rocks" were not hot and it was abt 30 seconds of rubbing a rock on me. No thanks. Then upon examining up close when I got home my nails weren't even filed nicely. Cuticles were a mess and polish half assed. And $30!!!!! For a pedicure? Most places r )39-$35 for Amani AND pedi.
5 Manager fixed everything. Couldn't be happier.
5 The manager personally contacted me and perfected my nails. Couldn't be happier with her professionalism, sincerest apologies and willingness to make the situation right !
5 The very first time I came here, I was at awe. The salon is soo beautiful. The chandlers and the chairs and everything in this salon were sooooo sophisticated. I don't normally get easily empresses but I just Lovee this place. Staff was wonder an the owner, she was just amazing she caters to you like you were the only one in the salon. As well as the staff. They offer you water, tea, coffee and champagne. This is a First class VIP service that you get here.
5 Now that I have been here more than once I can review. This place is super convenient and the customer service is top notch. The people are quite friendly, the point cards are a nice bonus and have water and such is good. They give quality services with stone massages, scrubs and a large selection of colors. The girl I go to is super sweet and good convos and helps me give my nails the right color based on my vibe that day! She's the best I have found in a long time!  Each pedi spa has a lining that is single use and all instruments are sterilized. It's a relaxing environment and even the other customers are nice as we all end up in one large conversation!  The only drawback is the prices, especially for kids but for a safe fun yet relaxing environment it's definitely worth it. Can't put a price on certain things when on your feet many days for 12 hours and use your hands to work. This is my new go to. I make appointments but they are adequately staffed and I don't think I have seen walk ins wait more than 10 minutes! I've been trying to get them into offering shoulder and neck massages too! Hopefully soon as great environment
3 Ok, I'll up from 2.5 to 3 stars.  Large assortment of colors, that you can't see because of the way they are in such a disorganized mess. This is a huge problem for me. Also, it is not spa-like to have a TV blaring at you!   They do offer a menu of wine, coffee, soft drinks and do have a a "frequent flyer points" system.    The massage chairs were powerful, and they typically take their time on both mani and pedi services.
4 Located on the corner of Decatur and Cactus, it's super far from my house (30 miles!), but I'd definitely make the trek here!   They offer beverages such as coffee (keurig), champagne, and water with lemons and cucumbers.  Biggest plus is that EVERYONE speaks english so well.  Prices are $30 for a pedicure (40 minutes), $15 for a manicure (20ish minutes), or $40 for BOTH. Unless you're getting a deluxe pedicure, then it's $60 for that. Well worth it if you have crocodile feet like my dad's. Super reasonable!   PROTIP: They do a rewards program here. You open up an account (free) and they keep track of your visits. You rack up point per dollar. Every $300 spent in services, you get $10 off your next service or you can save it. Double points if you use cash! So if you're to frequent this place, you may as well do it!   I came here for a mini-express facial ($35) and a manicure ($15). They have a bunch of other facials here too, the rest ranging from $55-$70ish. (bacials, specialized facials for mature, oily, sensitive, acne/problem skin)  The spa room was relaxing, clean, and very inviting. The person pampering me, Linh, conversed with me in vietnamese but didn't talk my ear off. Very pleasant.   The facial included a steamer that gently blew warm air onto my face. I laid down on a clean bed with fresh sheets and a fresh long terry cloth towel on it. Major points for a towel sterilizer they have here. The products are Dr. Jeff I believe. Very high-quality products. She gently, yet firmly massaged the cleanser onto me first and wiped it off. Then she used a scrub on me and massaged all around my face (doesn't include neck). After applying the mask, letting it sit, and then wiping it off, my face felt smooth and radiant as a baby's bottom. Includes moisturizer.   It took around 30 minutes. Complete heaven. I felt very relaxed. Nice to see a spa room that isn't nasty, unsafe, or unsanitary.  My manicure was a simple pink polish. My manicurist was sweet. Very quick, only took 15 minutes including hand massage and picking out which lotion to use.  I took a star off for the receptionist. The receptionist was chewing junk food and talking to customers. Didn't offer a drink until the manager/nail technician/her mom (I overheard in vietnamese) told her to ask us for something to drink. Also, pointing at me and referring to me as "that one thing" in vietnamese is incredibly rude, but I digress.  Although it's largely inexperience and the fact she's young, it's something to consider in the customer service business. This might explain the double-charges on other reviewers' accounts considering the fact that she's overwhelmed by customers and the POS system.  Other than that, this place was wonderful. Ambiance, service, and cleanliness is superb. I only wish it wasn't 30 miles from my house... I would definitely come here again!
5 This place has all the trendy gel polishes and so clean and relaxing ! A must go to place ! There's so much selections and the atmosphere is amazing!  Its like a Burke Williams! But cheaper:). They also serve complimentary wines.  Why? ? Um. Because you in Vegas!!
5 I was very impressed by the receptionist,Gabby and her friendly polite manner. We are not from here, but every time we are back,WE will only come here! Lynn, Kim the best! And Amy!!  all did a great job! Love the hot rocks massage included with the pedi! Beverages served to the underage beauties and mommy got vino!! I will be back!! Actually, going again tomorrow!!
5 I love this salon and the service too! Jane does an amazing job and goes above and beyond to make you happy
5 Such an diamond in the not so rough. Defiantly one of the best places I have ever been. The atmosphere is very relaxing and modern. The service is excellent, no wait time and every person I have ha service with is very personable and understand my needs and wants.  I have been there several times now and regularly will get my nails done by Kevin. He is neat, precise, and timely. He did an excellent job. And I got my eyelashes done by Jane. Who was so nice and did a wonderful job. I defiantly recommend this place to everyone!  They have a ton of reasonable prices for a wide variety of services. Also they have a awesome drink selection, which comes with any service. Love this place!
5 Finally checked this place out . Cindy was amazing. I will definitely be back for a pedi next week. Also can't wait to bring my 4yr old in to try out the kids pedi chair!!!!
4 Of all the nail salons I've tried here in Las Vegas (mostly East & Southwest) I might say this is the best so far! A little pricey but it's so worth it because they have terrific customer service & not to mention it's very sophisticated place & you're well taken cared of! Will ask you for free drinks also :) which makes the experience even more relaxing & comforting!  I will recommend Sara for the nails, always do a great job! My gel polish lasted me almost a month & she's very good at nail designs! A+ to all of you there!
2 Tried to walk in but was told there was a wait so I made an appointment for the next day. The next day I waited about 15 minutes past my appointment time to be seated. I had a gel polish change on my hands and regular polish change on my toes. My tech was nice but sadly I didnt notice that there are bits and pieces of the previous blue shooting through my newly applied nude polish on almost every finger. Also I felt really bad for the techs because there were 2 very very picky difficult customers they were dealing with and a lady who seemed to be the manager was a bit rough with the girls at the front desk although they were nice.  This place is close to my house so I gave it a try and my husband loved his pedi but I wont be returning. The smell was overwhelming and it didn't seem very spa like to me. After a few months they will have all the bugs worked out but I wish I would have checked my polish change thouroughly. I will keep driving to my tech on 215 and Eastern where I know they will be done correctly.
2 First time here and went in for a staight manicure ($15). The front desk and ambience are great. Tammy, who took care of me, was not friendly nor a good listener. She asked if I wanted square tip, I said round. She filed my first hand square.  I asked if she could please file them round, so she had to cut my nails even shorter. When it came to painting my nails, she left me under the ultraviolet light to do someone else's pedicure. A little unsure, I sat there too long until the gal next to me asked, "how long did she tell you to sit here?" Her nail gal said I should be done. After leaving and look at my nails in the sunlight, I have all kinds of streaks and polish on my hands. Really disappointed because this was my first manicure in years and wanted to do something nice for myself.
1 I moved to the neighborhood 3 months ago and found this place really convenient since it was right down the street. First time it was cool. 2nd time not so cool.there was a misunderstanding  on the kind of service I requested.whatever not my fault.i felt uncomfortable and didn't want to come back. I went back and I was treated like with racism that's how I felt it. People not so cool. Mean people. Except for 1 guy Kevin he was really nice person. So I decided to come back to get a nail color fixed by the owner Cindy. Such a bad customer service since I didn't get them done there but I needed one fixed. Since they're "professionals" I thought they would help.me finding the closest color to match other nails and design.  Nope. It didn't happened. Instead I got a super bad service. I got tired and I'm or coming back to this fuck in place. They lost 2 customers . We use to come every 2 weeks. Fuck them.
5 I found out about this place when the women I loved let me know that she had moved here. I really like Kim so much and she has done my nails for about 5 years.I followed her here & I am so glad that I did! It is worth the 20- 25 min ride !! The decor is very inviting & adds to the spa relaxation you feel here. The staff & service are really professional fast and friendly! Complimentary drinks are offered which is really a nice touch! I love love loved  the pedicure which included a scrub & hot stones Aahhhh!!!! You leave feeling beautiful & pampered! Prices are reasonable ! Join the rewards program because you will be coming back!!!
1 Very disappointed. I signed in for a gel polish. My nails had nothing on them so no gel removal was needed. Obviously they were trying to rack up the price by doing a " manicure " (the girl trimmed a little dead skin) I told her I did not want lotion or any hand messages. When I went to check out the girl told me $45.00.... I paid but will never go back.
4 I've been to just about every nail salon in southwest to Summerlin! This place is the first to line the bowls while getting a pedicure! It's like a hair cap for the bowls! I come with my daughters almost twice a month and can usually just call 30 minutes before I arrive and wait no more than 10 minutes if I even have to!  As soon as you sit, you're given a menu to select a drink! Coffee, iced Tea, wine and water! The place is clean and all the techs are very nice! I love to get Angel, but if she's not here, I like Valerie! Ive been ok with whoever is available thou!    This place has a wide range of color selection. Usually local neighborhood nail salons just have the basics and don't usually do nail art. I wouldn't get nail art here because I don't see them specializing in it, but then again, I'm not into 3D art!  Another great thing about here, you get reward points! Every 100 bucks you get 10 off! They give you a card that you can keep that swipes like a credit card! I'm always down for money off especially if it's towards girly things such as a mani pedi! Being a girl is sometimes expensive! ;)
5 I stumbled in here with my boyfriend on a lazy Sunday afternoon and I'm so incredibly happy that I did. This place is paradise. Where do I start?! The fact that I'm reviewing from their complimentary wifi? Perhaps I should mention that I'm typing one handed while sipping a complimentary glass of white wine.  This salon is beautiful decorated and immaculately clean. They have 16 pedicure chairs, two princess chairs, and plenty of nail stations, I'm sure they occasionally go on a wait but it's not somewhere you mind spending a few hours.   They offer a range of services, including waxing, facials, and eyelash extensions. There's a million colors and designs to choose from and all of the staff members are friendly and speak perfect English. Paul did my pedicure, Kim did my boyfriends pedicure, and Cindy was socializing with us and the other patrons (as any good owner should).   My pedicure was lovely and included a scented scrub, hot stones, and an amazing massage! I haven't even left yet and I can't wait to come back. I've been to every salon in this city and this blows them all out of the water. Don't waste your time or money anywhere else, come visit Cindy and Professor salon and spa, tell them Dez sent you. You won't be disappointed!
5 I've been to many nail salons over the years and had the full spectrum of results from horrible, to great. Usually the good nail person would disappear eventually and you're back to base 1. With Professor Nails, not only is the salon lovely and comfortable,  the work is well above what you find elsewhere and, they stand behind it.
2 The place was so nice.  The lady who looked like the owner was so nice and very welcoming.   Tammy, who did my pedicure was nice and loved her work.  However,  Jane, who did my full set was very rude.  I wanted shorter stilleto nails and she kept saying it wouldn't come out nice cuz it's short.  Well she was right, it came out ugly and crooked.   I asked her if she did designs because I wanted a finger for each hand with a design.  She said she did do designs, so I asked if she had samples.  Omg she said no because she does them all at the top of her head.  Since there were no samples, I said nevermind.   After I paid at the front,  I saw sooo mannnyyyy samples of artsy designs.  Wtf????  I asked the lady at the register if those designs were only for gel polish and she said no its for any kind of polish.  Wtf???  I told her about Jane and she asked if I wanted to get it done I can go back.  I told her nevermind because I was already irritated and I had my 3 babies waiting for me at home with my hubby.    Oh, and Jane kept pushing for me to get Gel color because they last longer.   After telling her a few times I didn't want to, even gave her reasons why, she kept talking about how good it is.  Maybe that's why she was rude to me.  I don't like gel nails because they are harder to remove and I like to change my nail colors every so   I will go back but will ask for someone else to do my fills.
5 After moving to Southern Highlands I found this nail salon. I'm hooked and will not be going anywhere else. Paul is my man. He is very funny and gives the best pedicure. Very enjoyable place. They have wine! :)
5 First time here and my daughter and I had pedicures they do amazing work. I had Tony and he was great by far best pedicure I have had.
4 While looking thru Yelp I found this nail salon and went in to check it out. It's clean, new, and filled with friendly staff. I went in needing a pedicure and there was no wait at all. They offer a small drink menu....which includes water, coffee, tea, etc & wine!!! All on the house. There is plenty of spa chairs for pedis in the back area and quite a few areas up front for nail services. It was $30 for a 40 minute pedi and includes hot rocks that were amazing!! I will be back for more pampering.
4 I went in for the first time last week after reading all of the reviews on yelp (good and bad). So here are my good and not so good things to say: Good: -The place is really pretty and different from any other nail salon I've been to in Vegas. The decoration, ambiance, cleanliness were pretty good. 5 star there. -It did not smell like nail polish and all the stuff they use. I've been to places where I can't wait to breath clean air!  -The job the lady did was really good! I really like how she did my mani and pedi. -They offered me different "flavors/essences when getting my pedi. I chose mint and it was so refreshing! -They put this timer on so you know you are getting the time you're supposed to when getting your pedi.   Not so good: -I read a bunch of reviews where they say they where offered a drink. I did not experienced that. Luckily I always carry a bottle of water with me in my purse. -Remember the timer? well, it would be nice if it didn't make a "tic-toc" sound right in my ear. It made it hard to fully relax. I guess bring headphones and listen to some music?  -Going back to the timer. I had mi flip flops on when the timer went off. I guess the pedi was cut a bit too early. -This one I'm sharing the blame between them and myself. I assumed there was only one kind of pedi, so when I went in I said "pedi please" well.. it turns out there;s a bunch of them, different times, different value. That was not mentioned to me when I asked for one. I found out when I was paying and I asked for a brochure with pricing. May be a bit more explanation when asking for a service? So if I go back i'm not going to a have any idea of what kind of pedi I got done, since the amount I paid it;s not even listed on the brochure....   I will be back and see if I it changes to 5 stars o 3...
5 This is my favorite spot to get my nails done. They do a beautiful job, every time. Every thing is clean and hygienic. You really feel pampered when you walk in the door. The wait is never as long as they say it will be, customer is king is what they always say. Did I mention that they make sure you have a drink: water, coffee, whatever. Last thing, they have every color you can imagine. I love their gel manis and pedis, plus the salon itself is gorgeous.
2 Walked in yesterday with my niece and nephew to have our nails done before we had lunch to kill some time. My sister and brother in law have had pedicures done here and loved them so that's why we chose it, and it so close to their house. It's a fairly large salon and looked clean and decorated nicely. Everyone at the desk seemed really welcoming and nice so I was thinking ok great!  Well first off, there are no prices listed anywhere, and when I asked for a price list the girl at the desk said "What are you looking to get?" I said gel manicures and she popped off with $40! Uhhh I'm from LA and have heard between $25-$30 for a gel mani...never $40.00, that's a little outlandish for a manicure. So we stuck with regular manicures ($15.00- typically I pay $12.00 or so) and a kids pedicure. While I was waiting, I tried to look online for their price list and still couldn't find manicure prices. I did see on yelp that they offered complimentary wine and beverages but I was never offered anything as I sat and waited to be taken back to the manicure area. They took my niece first and the man doing her nails was on his cell phone for most of her manicure. When she was finished I asked her how it was and she told me her fingers were bleeding because he cut her cuticles too short... Well yeah he was on the freakin phone and not paying attention!! Which also explains why there was polish all over her skin too. My nephew gets taken back for his kids pedicure and after about 25-30 minutes he texts me asking if he's done. He said he woman doing his feet just walked away without saying anything and left him sitting there. He also said she spilled water all over his shoes because she let the tub overflow. Great way to treat a kid lady! My niece went back to go get him and bring him up to the front to wait for me. I had Amy, and she seemed really nice and meticulous at first. Then it came to the hand massage. Well she massaged my right hand nicely for a good 5 minutes and it  felt great....then it came to my left hand. That hand got about 1 minute of attention and had a ton of left over lotion left on it so she instructed me to walk across the room to wash my hands. After my nails were painted I noticed all of my nails were still really rough and not filed completely. She too just got up and walked away without saying anything. No "thank you", no "ok you're done" just got up and walked away.  They have signs all over saying things like "relaxation and rejuvenation"... didn't really feel that with the owner barking orders at the 2 girls at the front.  I most definitely will not be back, mostly because I don't live in Vegas but even when I am for visits I will try my hand somewhere else. As for my sister and brother in law, they too will be finding another place to go for their pedicures.
5 I have been coming here since we moved to Southern Highlands and now my husband comes to get pedicures . We love it here the staff is always friendly. Fair warning if you need to come in in the weekend please make an appointment. They are busy ( which is a good thing )
5 Wow! The service here is incredible! I came in with my niece to get manis and pedis.  First of all, they accommodate child pedicures with adorable chairs that are just the right size!  Upon arrival, we were offered refreshments and my niece was given an ice cream come.  The environment and staff was friendly and inviting.  Amy did my manicure and pedicure. She was just the best.  I have never been more happy with my nails. She is personable and great at what she does. I highly recommend this place!
5 Best spa pedicure in Las Vegas! A little on the pricier side so if you're cheap this isn't the place for you, but if you're looking for a QUALITY pedicure with all the bells & whistles this is the place for you. When you get there they offer you a complimentary beverage (the blush wine is good) & then start your experience. They have a huge selection of gel colors which is awesome. When you get the deluxe spa pedicure you get a salt scrub, hot stone massage & paraffin wax on your feet which for this nasty Vegas weather is SO necessary!
4 My husband forced me to give this place a second chance and I'm glad he did. This time he insisted on the deluxe pedi which was amazing! Tammy did an outstanding job and allowed this new mom to finally relax. My mani was done by a very nice lady but my nails were just so so. She didn't paint the tip of the nails and u can see the lack of color from the top. Also, there was a decent amount of polish on my cuticles but in all fairness we came in just at closing. We thought they closed at 7 but it was really 5:30 and they kindly took us even though we offered to come back another day. On my next visit I'll book with Tammy and hope for the same great pedi.
5 Love this salon! It has gorgeous decor, excellent nail techs, tons of high end massage chairs and  they serve beverages...free! I always bring my girlfriends here so we can have fun getting pretty together.
5 Just got an acrylic gel manicure from Gina and I am very happy with it. I usually go to Highland Nails because it's right around the corner, but wanted to try a new place because my last gel pedicure was far below par. Usually nervous to try new places but I'm glad I did. Gina listened to what I asked for and accommodated my different requests as we went along. I don't get many manicures (because unfortunately I have pretty un-pretty hands :-/ ) but I think now I may have to get more! Very friendly lady at the front desk and extremely nice facility. I hope all my future experiences here are just as good as today! :)
