1 Over priced burgers and I'm still waiting for over 33mins for my Route 66 burger and chicken tenders.  DO NOT GO HERE.  There are only 6 people sitting down, so it's not busy either.  Now I was just told  it looks like my order was lost.  Was offered a free shake by the kind manager, but I'm still not happy.   My cousin just walked up as I'm typing this, and she said they took 30mins for her shake yesterday as well.  Again, DO NOT GO HERE.  Only giving 1 star as Yelp will not let me give 0.
2 How could I forget not to review Johnny Rockets? Oh yeah, the bay area Johnny Rockets tastes much better.  After spending hours of gallivanting around the strip with my boys, we decided to call it a night at 2am. On our way back to our rooms, we started to get hungry and the headaches started settling in from drinking too much. Out of curiosity we headed towards the food court of our hotel and find that every restaurant was closed, except for one. Johnny Rockets.  When we got to the register, the staff was already prepping to close. Apparently, the cashier was nice enough to let us be the last customers. I ordered a rocket single with fries. To complete our order for a group of 5 guys, it took about 30 minutes. When I got my order, the burger and fries tasted luke warmed. I'm not sure if they were waiting for all our orders to complete or just got lazy since it was closing.  I couldn't even finish my meal.
1 I purchased a groupon thinking it was a good deal. Boy was i wrong. We didnt wait a whole long like the other reviews.  We waited like ten minutes for our food, which isn't bad. Our waitress was super nice. We recieved super good service. Our food on the other hand was disgusting.  I had the wings and fries. My wings tasted like they were frezzer burnt. That's all I tasted. My husband had a burger, it was disgusting.  No seasoning, no flavor, bread all bad! We couldnt even finish half our food. Beware.
2 Pretty overpriced burgers! They are on the tasty side. The cashier was kind of rude and impatient even though we told her it was our first time there.  Between the price and the service I wouldn't go back.
2 Two stars for the quality of the food!  Food is VERY VERY VERY expensive!!!  One burger will cost you $15! Bacon cheese fries runs $6 (very small portion)  A burger, drink, and fries will run you $24!!!  I took a picture of the menus and posted here on Yelp!
1 The line was long and food was as expected. They wouldn't give me a cup of water. They said they'd run out of water cups but they had plenty of soda cups... They said they couldn't out water in one. Haha. It's more fun to break the law. I tried two different employees but got no water. Good thing we weren't in a desert.
5 Came here for lunch. Thomas was super friendly and sat us right away at the bar. The food was good, but I can't get over how friendly Thomas was. The best service I've received in a really long time! Put a smile on my face. Definitely a nice start to the day! :)
