5 I have found the girl of my hairs dreams! Seriously. I have never had a hair girl, I am the one who always went 1 year to 18 months in between hair cuts. And then I would then proceed to go to a JC Penny's and have any Sally, who was well into her 60's, who would then gag every time she saw my neck piercing!!! I had nothing in common with anyone. Years later, I seen one of my friends awesome hair. I began stalking her to find out who had done such work!! I stalked the stylist for months, till I finally reached out to her. Her name was Danielle. She welcomed me and my needs and scares! I felt like her and I hit it off. She has done great work to my hair. I love my color! I love my cut! I love Danielle!! She is amazing and is such a bright and beautiful person. I found my hair geerl!
5 Danielle is awesome!! I've found her on FB by her amazing Ombre before and after pics. After becoming a new mom and wanting a new style, I went in for a major change, from long hair to super short including  full colour! Let me tell you, I was not disappointed one bit. I have since gone back 3 times in the last 9 months and have been satisfied each and every time.
5 I recently moved to Arizona about 8 months ago.(Okay, maybe not too 'recently.') I hadn't had a stylist or anyone I trusted with my hair in about 5 years until I met Danielle. She was nothing but pleasant and smiles when I showed up for my first appointment, and finally gave me hope about my bland and albeit a bit dead hair. I walked out of that appointment feeling AMAZING. I got a full color (green -- woo!) which not only took her several hours to complete, but she also cut it and styled it for me, all without complaint and fun and light conversation. She answers all my questions, gives me tips and advice, and I feel she genuinely likes to be styling my hair while she's doing it. (It seems like that should be a given, but you'd be amazed at how many hair dressers just seem rushed to get on to the next client.) Your experience there is amazing, personable, and you find a friend for life. I HIGHLY recommend seeing Danielle for all your hair needs. Especially if you're looking to do something alternative and wild. She's #1!
5 Simply put, Hair or Dye is to dye for. The salon itself is located in a quaint boutique store with tons of personality and flair. It is the perfect backdrop for the salon.  Danielle is a great stylist who makes you feel welcome from the moment you step foot in the door. She provided a great consultation and really made me feel comfortable with my hair color selection. She even predicted the compliments I was going to get! I was nervous changing from basically brunette to red but she assured me that it was going to look great and helped me pick (ok, she did all the picking) the right shade. She saw me get nervous when the color mixed in the bowl was pink, so she talked me through the process and exactly how it was going to settle in my hair and the change that would occur after drying. I mean, she really eased my mind when other stylists would have just brushed me off.  When she spoke about hair, you could tell that not only did she know what she was talking about, but she loved her job. I would recommend this salon to anyone and everyone. My only hesitation is that once the word gets out about this fabulous hairdresser, she is going to be booked up so fast that I will have to start scheduling my appointments in advance. :)
5 I went here because I needed a place that would know how to handle coloring hair different colors. Jeska put in streaks of pink and purple and they are awesome! I got a hair cut too and she did it exactly how I wanted it. The place is adorable too with lots of original artwork, and in a funky area. The girls are all super nice and relaxed, it felt more like hanging out with friends than anything else, which was awesome. It's not a snooty, upscale place. If you like those places, go there. This is an alternative, offbeat, colorful place. It's a great business concept and I'll definitely be returning for everything my hair needs. The prices are awesome too, even I felt like it was fair, and I'm a cheapskate.
5 Danielle is amazing!  I love getting my hair done here and she really knows color, my red hair color lasts forever without fading!!  She is the most friendly and kind person and will make you feel beautiful.  Love this place so much!
5 I have been here twice now. Danielle did my hair both times and I fell IN LOVE!! She worked her magic on my hair! The first time it was a purple to blue ombré. The second time was the same gorgeous purple all over and pink.... Everyone loved both styles. I was constantly asked who did my hair and where the salon was. She also took my hair back to a more natural color and it turned out perfect! I recommend Hair or Dye Salon for anyone looking for amazing, bold color! Anyone looking for a great cut!! And or even a touch up to brighten your natural color up!!!
