5 Clean.  Awesome and friendly employees. My wife got a hummingbird from Marcus and it is out of this world. I got an amazing coverup from Ruck (King Ruck).  He turned crappy Japanese letters into a complex and realistic looking lion head. Ruck also owns Black Spade and is going to be on the upcoming season of Ink Masters and his talent is ridiculous.  I definitely recommend Red Elephant to anyone that is wanting a great result at very reasonable rates. Vegas is a saturated market for tattoos, but these guys separate themselves from the pack!
5 This is such an amazing shop! All the artists are masters at their work! Everyone is super friendly. I have been tattooed by Chris and Ruck my hubby has been tattooed by them as well as Pelon and Marcus. You can not go wrong here! Forget flash on the wall, come get custom beautiful art done on your body by the very best in Las Vegas!!
5 I was on vacaton with my parents and i was looking for someone to do a cover up tattoo for me. My cover up was really dark so i was afraid it wouldnt look good, anyway, i went to a couple places on the strip and they seemed really iffy abouy doing my tattoo. When i finally walked into Red elephant the staff greeted us and right away asked if they could help. I told them what i wanted and Pelon hopped right up and started throwing out ideas knowing what could work. His confidence put me at ease and he drew up my tattoo right there and started working! Not only did my piece turn out gorgeous, but Pelon was amazing! My tattoo took 4 hours and he had me laughing and joking around, I felt like i had known the guys in the shop forever. My parents ended up getting tattoos there as well! Needless to say this shop not only provides AMAZING work, but the whole staff is friendly and fun. If you're looking for a clean shop that provides the best experience ever go to Red Elephant. Pelon would be my go to guy but they all do great.  This shop charges 100 dollars an hour which is awesome as well, other shops on the strip rape you with their costs, but this shop is very reasonable,especially with the quality of work that is done here. I will be back for my free touch up in a few monthes:-)
5 Popped in for my daughter to get a cover up while we were on vacation and I ended up getting an awesone tat by Chris he did a fantastic job the whole staff was like family, King Ruk even gave my wife a free bee tat she was scared but again the whole staff pitched in and made her feel at ease.... awesome. Shop we will be back
5 I searched for several months looking for not only the artist but the right atmosphere to get my ink done..... I was not disappointed when I walked in to Red Elephant..  From the greeting at the door through our first couple conversations, everyone had as much enthusiasm for my tattoo as I did.  You know you're in the perfect spot when the artists get excited over each and every line, shadow, color combination and story behind it.  Marcus has been amazing and patient..(thanks buddy).  I wouldn't go anywhere else.       Since I lack a creative process of my own I put concepts in Marcus's capable head and let him go.  All great artists at red elephant..    If you're on the fence about your ink,,, rest assured you won't regret visiting these guys.
5 So me and the wife went in to get tattoos and it was the best experience I've had yet. Artists were professional work was on point and atmosphere was great. Overall I'd recommend anyone to go there for a tattoo.
5 Read all the good reviews, saw the artist's work on FB, instagram, etc., & finally was able to walk in the shop. So glad we did! Pelon, Marcus, & Jen were so welcoming. Very nice & professional. I am a 50+ older, white, nerd-girl, and these guys treated me & my hubby like we were old friends :) Then there's the incredible artwork!!! Wow! Pelon worked with me & gave me a gorgeous koi! The koi of my dreams and more :) Pain? A little. Worth it? Hell yeah! Pelon is an exceptional artist & really knows his stuff. His art on the walls is like being in an art museum... So talented!  So my advice? Just go to Red Elephant. They were freakin awesome!!!
5 Pelon did mine and my 2 sisters tattoos today and they are awesome! We told him what we wanted and he drew it perfectly. He even came in on his day off to do them since we aren't all local. Everyone at this shop is super cool and professional. I have had many tattoos at various shops around the county and this is, by far, my favorite. I will definitely return for more work and recommend them to everyone.
5 I went in today to get a tattoo with just a vague idea of what I wanted and ended up with a beautifully designed and perfectly executed tattoo. Pelon not only worked with me to draw up a design that was exactly what I wanted, but he even went above and beyond by driving me to and from downtown (I had originally walked into Black Spade, but they were busy for hours while there was no wait at Red Elephant). It was a great experience and I am so in love with my new tattoo. Definitely five stars.
5 My Dad and I were passing through Henderson, NV and I wanted to get a certain tattoo for a really long time. I had the idea and sketch already, and was now just looking for a place to go. I searched online and spotted Red Elephant Tattoo. I called the shop and was answered immediately by a very chipper and kind man, Marcus. Shout-out, that guy is awesome. He fit me right in the next day, and had me text him the design, which he really liked. This being my first tattoo, I was a little nervous going in. He was working on another girl's tattoo, and so I waited for a little while. Pelon was there sketching and a woman (I believe she said her name was Jen?) came in. She was incredibly welcoming and came over and chatted, and had me fill out the paper work. We talked about my design, why I wanted to get it etcetera, and she had me relaxed and laughing in a matter of minutes. I was waiting a while longer, and she offered that her or Pelon do the tattoo, since Marcus was still working, but having seen Marcus's portfolio online I decided to stick with him (Although I'm sure the other artists would've done great). Once Marcus was done, he sanitized the station throughly, and then beckoned me over. He started talking about the design with me, the size I wanted, placement, and then went to print it out. The print out wasn't exact, so he sketched it out, wanting it to be perfect. Once that was all set, he asked if I minded if he took a quick smoke break. Of course I didn't mind at all (You'll find that's common, and happens pretty much everywhere). I think in part he wanted to talk to me away from my Dad (I, being 17, couldn't get the tattoo alone). He took me outside while he smoked and we talked about the design and I said how I convinced my dad on it, and talked about his future tattoo plans and mine, and then got to talking about the kinds of dogs that we liked, and in general were very relaxed and he put me at ease. Being the first time I got a tattoo, that was a very good thing. We went back inside, and he did everything to prepare to put the stencil on (sanitizing, shaving, etc, everything required to do that I had read online). Once it was on he had me check one last time that it was what I wanted, which it was, and then he had me lay down to get the tattoo. Now I'm going to go ahead and say I have a pretty high pain tolerance to begin with. But this was very different from what people had said. I honestly didn't feel the tattoo at all, except when it went over bone, and even then it was only like being written on with a mechanical pencil. There was a bit of pressure, but not any pain at all (the tattoo is on my hip). At one point I almost fell asleep. That all being said, Marcus must have a very light hand, as the woman who went before me felt very little pain at all either. He was very attentive to detail during the tattoo, and we talked a bit during the process. He did a very good job and keeping it clean and checking in that I was doing well, and keeping me relaxed the whole time. I think it was the best first tattoo experience anyone can have, much better than I had hoped for even. Once he had finished he rubbed out a lot of the excess ink that would've come out, and wrapped it up. He did give aftercare advice and made sure I knew when to take it off and wash it and what to put on afterwards. I gave him a healthy 30% tip, the tattoo and experience were that great, and went on my way. Now, I got this tattoo on June 26th (6/26/2014), and waited a while to write this review to see how the tattoo healed and looked afterwards. And I'm overjoyed. The tattoo finished leaking ink (which it leaked very little of) in a mere two days, and peeled after 3-4. It was fully healed in under two weeks. A friend of mine, who was tattoo'd in the same spot, leaked tons of ink and blood, and it took nearly a month to heal. Since the tattoo is right where my waistband lies, and was rubbed by seatbelts and the like, that's something to say for how well their tattoos will heal (so long as you do your duty and keep it clean and aquaphor'd).    In Summary: Calling in, they were very happy to do it and loved the idea. Once I got there, they treated me like family and were incredibly friendly. During the tattoo, Marcus kept me at ease and did an amazing job. Afterwards, it healed incredibly well and quickly
