5 Well, i went to EDC in las vegas this year and it was awesome, i was looking to go to a pool party and then i met michelle, she told me she could get me into funkagenda's pool party for $15 which was a $275 value, and i immediately accepted. When I got to the Palms (since it was in the Palms Casino pool) The cashier told me it was for Free since i was on the guest list. Had a great time, cant thank her enough, i even got to talk to the DJ, it was awesome!
5 Kayla was amazing to work with in Las Vegas and helped my group of friends that were in town for a wedding weekend get into Hakkasan at The MGM.  She was always quick to text back and kept in close contact throughout the process.  Super nice, cool girl and very, very helpful!  Thanks again Kayla!  From, Alison in Arizona
5 Michelle was quick to text back and even text friendly reminders and added discounts to restaurants during our stay amazing thanks
5 Great service!  Michelle and Kayla were both very helpful and responsive.  Will definitely use them again when I'm in Vegas.
5 Michelle was great! Helped me and my girls get into XS nightclub, no problem. Very professional and responded back in a timely manner. I will be calling her next year when I go back to Sin City!   MIchelle: 908-770-3570
5 Awesome company! Really made the whole trip that much better. My girlfriends and I got into everything for free and we got free drinks! If you're going to Vegas this is the way to go.
5 I went to Las Vegas for my birthday with my husband, my cousin, and her fiancé last weekend. I wanted us to go to a nice nightclub for our last night in Vegas, which was a Monday night. I was referred to Michelle from Viva Las Guest List. As many of us know, to get "comped" at a nice nightclub with two guys is not always easy or you get the run around. Michelle put my party on the XS guest list and confirmed our attendance an hour before via text. We arrived at XS nightclub, went straight to the promoter line, they checked my name, comped all 4 of us in for free and my cousin and I (females) received 2 free drink tickets. We didn't wait on the line and went directly in. We had a great night at XS! A special thanks to Michelle for the smooth hook up. If you are looking for a great promoter, hit her up! (908) 770-3570.
5 Michelle was very helpful and did what she said she would! I had a lot of questions as a vegas first timer and she always responded to me with what I needed to know. My group of four girlfriends and I got in XS to see Zedd for free and got a free drink ticket as well. I am very happy with her excellent service :)
