1 Worst Experience EVER.  I have never been treated so disrespectful by a Medical office staff in my entire life.  I scheduled an appointment on 11/4 @5:46pm on ZocDoc for an appointment on 11/6.  I am having really bad pelvic/abdominal pain.  I Received an email from ZocDoc on 11/5 at 10:46am stating that the Dr. needed to reschedule my appointment for 11/11 at 3:15pm.   In my notes to the Dr. I stated how urgent I needed to be seen that I was having really bad pain, and thought I maybe had a ovarian cyst that was going to rupture or had ruptured.  When I called the Dr's office to let them know that I needed to keep that appointment and that ZocDoc said there were several appointments available for 11/6, and I was willing to take a later time of the day.  The receptionist just said we don't have anything available until the date you were given.  I explained that I was in extreme pain and needed to be seen before then, she said they had not even one appointment between now Monday.  I asked to speak with the office manager who was not helpful at all. ( I AM AN DENTAL OFFICE MANAGER BY TRADE)  I told the lady on the phone that I had never received such disrespectful and rude service from anyone in the medical field.  I told her that I did not receive a phone call to reschedule my appointment she stated "because you scheduled it on zocdoc, we reschedule it that way" I said what if I am not available on 11/11 at 3:15, she said then we would just keep going back and forth on ZocDoc until a time worked for both me and the office.  I said and why would you not just CALL the patient?  You can see the notes that the patient is in pain and needs to be seen immediately.  She then said I will advise you to go to the hospital ER then.  I said so you mean to tell me that your office doesn't keep ANY emergency time slots open?  even double booking and telling the emergency patient that they may have to wait a few minutes past their appointment time?  She said NO, We just send them right to the ER if someone calls in pain.  I again then said, so you can read my notes on my appointment card, and SEE that I am in a large amount of pain (and other symptoms), and you didn't see it fit to give me a call and tell me this?  At this point I am crying, because now I have to go sit in the ER with people with the flu and gosh knows what else.  *I* would have fit my new patient into the schedule somewhere!  But still she did not.  She sent me on my merry little way.  I sometimes wonder if the Dr's are aware of how poorly patients are treated by their office staff, and how many new patients walk out the door or never step foot in the door because of the service that they receive by the staff.  I hope Dr. Feng reads this, and is able to go back and speak with her staff in regards to this matter.   P.S. I went to their website, and it looks like they don't do much by way of OB/GYN (that is Dr. Sophy Feng's specialty).  In fact as you can tell by the name is Anthem Rejuvination.  I didn't know any of this until after I had set up the appointment and she came highly recommended to me by a friend.  They do Botox, plastic surgery, etc. at this office.  So if you are looking for a traditional OB/GYN office this is not it.  God Bless.
1 This has been a horrible experience.   I came in last October to have my IUD replaced.   The 1st visit they are ordering the IUD. 2 weeks later I come in they take out the IUD and after it is removed I found out they hadn't ordered the replacement IUD yet.   Now it is March and after much confusion from their staff I  in to have the new IUD put in and I am made to wait in the reception area for almost an hour pasty appt time.   I will not be coming back here ever
1 WORST EXPERIENCE EVER and that seems to be the trend from what I've seen about this place. Worst excuse for a doctor's office EVER! Sat and waited for 2 hours just to be told she wasn't able to see me because the appointment I had originally scheduled didn't have a co-pay needed and she wanted to change my appointment type to one that required a co-pay. When I refused to change my appointment she refused to see me. Clearly she doesn't care about an individual's health, just a paycheck. Terrible and pathetic way to treat your "patients". Will never return and will be sure to tell everyone how awful the experience was.
