5 I had the Vegan Special, and it was indescribably good! For under $6.00 you get a huge meal, packed with authentic flavor and healthy ingredients! I wish I had discovered this place a year ago. The family that owns and operates it are wonderful people, and the food is as good as it gets.
3 I really want to try this place, but they make it quite hard.  I have called several times around lunch time.   They stated the food would not be ready until 1:30pm (too late for lunch)  I called at 6:30pm on a Sat night, to check the hours. Alas they just "ran out" of food.  How does one eat here? What is the secret ?
4 At least I was able to try this place.  They closed at 7:30 pm on Sat. They had 3-4 veg options for us.  The mizir wat, doro wat and foslia were all great, served with the obligatory angera and a surprise, jalapenos stuffed with a tomato onion mix.  The flavors were bold and spicy, this is not for people with weak pallets, but for ones that crave strong adventures.  For two of us it was $10, so its a bargain.  My few issues were, the ambiance, There are just three tables, large enough for 2-3 people each. some unused coolers along the walls and it was a tad warm inside. (so consider a to go order)  Also the hours I would love to pick up lunch here on a weekday, if only they had some food ready closer to noon.  Next time you want to impress a few guests with some bold exotic tastes get a to go order from here!
4 I would pass and see this little place just West of 18th Street on McDowell and think I need to try this place.  Well I did and I'll be back.  A coworker and I had talked about taking on doing Ethiopian and today was the day. Calling ahead to check hours they let me know they were open until 8.  Showing up at 7, I had 10 min before my coworker was to arrive. There are 2 small tables with 3 chairs each. A large drink cooler on one wall filled with a selection of sodas, juices and a set of store shelves with containers of beans and spices that separates the dining area from the kitchen.  Greeted warmly by the owner/chef, he proudly let me into the plans for this little restaurant and a tour of the clean and spacious kitchen, fresh bread stacked near the oven and fresh injera in a container on a shelf.  He painted a colorful picture of the restaurant's future patio and Ethiopian coffee ceremonies; roasting beans fresh in front of guests and preparing a clay pot full of rich strong coffee served in  demitasse sized cups.  He asked if we would be doing meat or veggie/vegan. My coworker is vegetarian and he said, "I got you covered," and turned to the kitchen to begin preparation.  My coworker arrived and I let her know he was putting together a vegetarian platter. We sat and chatted as dishes clattered in the kitchen.   A platter arrived with 4 colorful dishes served on injera with a piece of rolled injera on each side.  We dug in, right hands, no silverware, as is traditional.    We were not able to finish, the dish between the 2 of us so we packed the rest to go.  All that was only $10.  While parking is a little challenging the best place is in a parking lot on the west side of the complex.   If you blink you can miss the place. As you head east on McDowell as soon as you get to the artistic arch across McDowell slow, look north for the parking lot. If you pass the car wash and 18th Street you went too far.  Now go check it out!!!
