2 I really really wanted to like this place.  It is one of the few take out joints in the neighborhood and the prices are reasonable.  The food - average.  The service - atrocious.  I have eaten there three times and give the café three strikes (I won't be going back)  Strike One - - Walked in and a customer was having an argument with a young lady behind the counter.  The issue was that the customer had ordered 18 sandwiches for a business lunch and when they arrived there were only 16.  I heard the counter girl say: "There were 18 sandwiches when the tray left here" and the customer (who was trying to get the full order for a lunch meeting that had already started) said "I'm not lying.  If I had wanted 20 sandwiches I would have ordered 20...but I wanted 18 and got 16".  The order was reluctantly filled and the customer looked like she had been interrogated by the Maricopa County Sheriff Dept.   Strike Two -- One of the items on the menu is a tuna salad which includes swiss AND cheddar cheese.  I called in an order the first time and asked if that could be made with ONLY cheddar.  The girl said yes and made the salad. When I called back three days later I ordered the same salad, also only cheddar cheese and was told that the cheese comes pre-packaged (hmmm) and the cheddar couldn't be separated from the swiss.  I mentioned that I had it that way a few days before and she said "I have to slice it that way"...and I said "can you?" and the response was "I don't want to".  So much for the customer always being right, eh?  She reluctantly agreed to do it, but when I picked up the salad got a little bit of attitude and thought to myself "I drove past another deli (The Lunch Lounge) to get here and I don't need to put up with ANY attitude when I have choice in salads and lunchmeat!  Strike Three - Ok, maybe I'm a little harsh on this but I hate it when someone can't make change.  As I was paying the last time I was in there the bill totalled something like $11.97.  I gave the young woman at the cash register $20.02.  My change back was $7.04.  Of course she had to open the cash register to make the proper change - and she seemed perturbed at me for giving her the extra two cents...like it was my fault that she couldn't make change.  I don't know if there is a manager who is ever at this location (I didn't see anyone who appeared to be a "boss" when I was there)...but barring that just a nice lesson in customer service would go a long way.  I don't think I will be back...
5 Impressions to the eyes always meets the mouth 2 fold. If it looks good, it's got to taste that good as well. Most places just show you a fancy picture and when the food comes out its blah. But Donna's is completely different. What you see on the picture boards is exactly what you see on the plate. I swear they just photocopy the food. And that's just the start of your foodie adventure.   You have great desserts, looks like master chef had a tournament in there. Everything so delicate and just melts perfectly in your mouth. I have to say I was most overjoyed to be able to not only see how great it looks but Wow taste it for once.
2 So we just happen to see this place and decided to take my toddler in for a treat.  We came in on a Saturday.  There were (literally) a handful of dessert items in the display and very few baked goods (like the Asian breads).  I asked the lady what was up with that and she said shipments come during the week.  1.)  I guess they don't make it in the store but it's called a bakery?  2.) She specifically said to come on Tuesdays so that leads me to believe the baked goods are not fresh daily.    What they did have out, however, looked beautiful.  Just like how I remember an Asian bakery should be ... except sparse ... and not fresh.  So we had a couple of things.  The taro boba wasn't good at all.  It just tasted icy.  It didn't have any of the rich texture that I'm used to.  We also had a chocolate pound cake type dessert.  It wasn't very sweet - which I like - and my husband noticed there were no chocolate chips.  Well, it's not an American pastry store silly.  I really wanted to like this place b'c I hardly go to the COFCO Center nowadays.  There's just not much there except the grocery store so it's not really worth the 45 minute drive for me.  Having a bakery would've totally given me an incentive.  Next time we go to the area I'd like to come during the weekday, preferably on a Tuesday.   Maybe you will have better luck than me!
1 Awful food and service!  I always try a place twice before I write a review so I gave this place two chances and it is an unorganized mess.  It took 38 min to get the wrong sandwich TWICE.  There were two girls making the sandwiches and handing them to the poor girl at the register who clearly was a newbie.  They would hand her the sandwiches and say here....when she would ask what they were they would look annoyed and roll their eyes.  The poor girl was just trying to make sure the right order went out the the right people.  Also for this being a bakery why was my bread nasty and stale both times??? Super gross.  My bread tasted like it was a week old.  The first time I had the Turkey avocado sandwich which was BATHED in mayo.  The second time I had the club which had mayo all over the outside of the sandwich in globs and the bacon appeared to be semi-raw.....not thanks....do not recommend this place.
5 Love their cakes, we get them everytime there is a birthday or special occasion. The lunch is pretty good and not too expensive as well.
3 It was OK. I only got a boba tea and it didn't really impress me. The place looks a lot like a Subway sandwich shop, but has a lot more variety.
1 If you want great tasty boba, head next door to Super L Ranch Market.  If you want fresh daily baked breads, again, head next door to Super L.  All products are made fresh daily, no shipment come in weekdays.  All are freshly made for your enjoyment.
