5 Amazing food!!! Very satisfied with not only the seafood but the other Mexican selections as well. Also great service, very nice and friendly staff.
5 Whoa! Pleasant surprise! Service was great and food was so good!! I will definitely come back for more when i return to Vegas! This is the kind of place off the strip that you get lucky to find.    Food was fresh and delicious! I had the shrimp empanadas as an appetizer - the best!   The seafood mocajete was boiling and filled with all kinds of yummy seafood!
5 Loved their food!!!!! The waiter was super helpful and friendly. One of Vegas best kept secrets. The food is authentic. By far the best fried ice cream I ever had. The chef takes the time to cook every meal and it really shows the care and time they put into their food and restaurant. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again.
5 Great service and food was delicious! Pleasantly surprised. Will definitely come back next time im in Vegas!
5 Another hidden gem in DT Las Vegas. I started with the shrimp empanadas. They were really good, the green salsa was very flavorful. I had the lobster and I also enjoyed her aguachiles. Cant wait to come back next time we are in town. No beer but I think they are working on it.
5 OMG!!! My mouth still can't believe what I just ate....  My aguachiles tostada was the bomb!!!!! The best aguachiles tostada I have eaten so far, so full of flavor and tasty, and the shrimp was so fresh.... my husband was happy with his langosta plate, it was good too. Great food overall, definitely will come back next time we are in town :)
5 Found this place on yelp while visiting Las Vegas. Excellent food, excellent prices, excellent service!!!
5 You have probably heard the saying "don't judge a book by is  cover" and this saying is true about this restaurant. I will admit that at first glance we were hesitant to stop and eat, because its not very attractive from the outside nor it's in the best neighborhood, but trust me stop by and try it we are glad we did. The food is great and the service even better. My 5 year old son ordered a simple fish fillet grilled and they made it just like he likes it. My wife ordered a stuffed pineapple with mixed seafood and it was awesome. I ordered a stuffed fish fillet with mixed seafood and I was not disappointed. Highly recommend this place.
5 Hands down best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! Everything is fresh and homemade, from the horchata to the tortillas! Yum!
5 My friends recommended las islatas, but I decided to give this place a try, and WOW you won't be disappointed this place is so good, will definitely be back
5 Really really good marisco place when visiting Vegas this is the place to go for mariscos their food is delicious and customer service is excellent!!!
5 Our friend recommended this place. We loved it. We started out with aguachiles and it's really good and spicy. I ordered a campechana and my brother got  caldo de pollo. Everything was delicious. We will definitely be back.
5 This place is 45 minutes away from my house. The fish tacos are that amazing. This place is absolutely yummy. The server / everything is great as well!
5 First time here and the food was delicious... I tasted the tostada de aguachile (bomb) tostada mixta frita and the fish taco and it was all very very tasty. I would def recommend this place to anyone and I will def b back!
5 Ordered the aquachiles and some ceviche tostadas, highly recommend this place. Its Really good and great customer service, also the horchata was great!!
5 Amazing and authentic. Juanito provides fabulous service!! Can't wait to come and eat when I'm back in vegas!!
5 Favorite Mexican restaurant in town! I always say good Mexican is hard to find but I have now found the best! I eat here about once a week and the food is always to die for. I have never had anything bad here. I love all of their daily specials and usually just go with the special. The owner is a really nice guy and is always accommodating as well. Word of advice, don't blink because you will miss it if you do!  It's just a little hole in the wall in a little strip mall on Charleston and Maryland.
5 I've been using Yelp for quite some time now, but never wrote a review. I figured I'd finally start contributing so here goes.  Just went and visited Mariscos Playa Escondida. I was definitely impressed. Décor is kind of cheesy. Plastic birds, lots of mirrors, blue paint. It seemed like you'd find this place close to the ocean rather than in a desert like Vegas, which is good since this is a seafood place.  The owner/waiter was really nice, he recommended the shrimp and said the spicy style was really good, but I wasn't feeling like hurting my belly for the sake of taste so I opted for the garlic one. It was really good. Came with rice, beans, salad and tortillas. I thought the main course was great. Fresh, smelled good, and looked appetizing. I will definitely come back and try something new.  Only thing I'll dock them for is not so great chips, but heck, can't complain about the free appetizer so still 5 stars. Here's to my first review of hopefully many. Luckily, I'm not a jaded reviewer just quite yet so I'll probably just be reviewing places I like.
5 Do not judge a book by its cover! This "off the beaten path" divey looking place has the best Mexican seafood I've ever eaten. Walking in I was unsure of what to expect. The trepidation immediately ended when the very friendly and attentive waiter brought out the agua chilies we ordered. Amazing flavor and very fresh. seafood that you wouldn't imagine you'd find in the desert. We also ordered the small parrillada and it was amazing! I was a bit surprised to see that this place had all 5 star reviews and wanted to see if it was true and let me tell you that 5 stars does not do it justice! I'll be back!
5 THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!  I had to go back and see if maybe all the drinking had negatively affected my cerebrum and it's ability to make an accurate assessment of said restaurant. Naw, my cerebrum was right on. This place is in fact Mexican seafood nirvana. My family and I all had different menu items and all four of them were excellent. I hate I'm leaving Las Vegas tomorrow as I'd love to come back and get some more of this superb seafood. Until next time MPE, until next time.
5 After seeing nothing but 5 stars, I figured I'd give it a try. Once again, yelp has not let me down great service, great ambiance (a little old) and most of all GREAT food!! Coming back soon and telling my friends.
5 Great service and good food! This is the place to be if you're hungover, they'll definitely take care of you here.
5 Aguachile tostadas were delicious! Real authentic. Shrimp cocktail was ok. Owner is very nice.
5 I went there with my wife and another couple during a visit to Las Vegas and was impressed with the restaurant.  It is a family owned seafood restaurant serving dishes that reminded me of my dining experiences in Mexico.  The seafood was fresh with authentic preparation with friendly and helpful service.  The prices were reasonable and the portions were healthy.  All-in-all it was a great meal and a great experience.  I would recommend this restaurant and I plan to go there when I visit Las Vegas again.  This place is a real GEM.
5 Everytime we go on vacation we use yelp to find hidden gems! Playa Eacondida is one of those hidden gems that once you go once you can't wait to come back! We were on vacation in Las Vegas for a week and visited this place 3 separate times!! We tried the aguachiles- LOVED THEM! The pescado sandandeado-AMAZING! And the Parilla de mariscos is a must try!  This place is a must visit if you live in the area and love mariscos!!! We will definitely be back next time we visit Las Vegas!
5 Awesome food. Awesome service as well. We got there and im 5-6 minutes from ordering we had our food. The food tasted amazing and was very well portioned.  This is a go to placenif you're in vegas and want some bomb sea food!
5 Im always on the look out for Hole in the Walls and Hidden Gems. This is definitely one of them. The ambiance is what ever but thats what makes it a hole on the wall. I got the Telocete Shrimp which was delicious but I just wished it came with peeled shrimp instead of unpeeled where I had to do some work but thats ok cuz the sauce was great! The rice, beans and side salad tasted kind of plain. The service was great. Since it was my first time I was asking my server a bunch of questions which he answered greatly and you can tell the food is fresh. I would def go back but plan on trying something different.
