3 Sometimes we forget that our reviews directly effect those businesses.  I'm not suggesting that we should go soft, but in coming here I found a small Mom & Pop setup that is still trying to find their way.  This Food Court is new, and there are only three options as of this writting.  To say that Villa Italian Kitchen is not as good as Sbarro is an understatement. I'm not a big fan of watching employees microwave food to be served.  But in watching them closely, you could see they were on a steep learning curve and should be cut some slack.  Well, at least I have for now.  Until next time then.
2 Was not too impressed with this place. Pizza did taste good but it was room temperature. Unsure if it was because of it not being put back in the oven long enough or the what seems like an overly long wait to pay for my meal.   I also ordered a chicken Caesar salad for a side and it was again alright.  Dressing was good and lettuce was crisp but what ruined it for me was the fact that the croutons were soggy.   Overall I would not go back again
2 I ordered the Triple Play, which includes spaghetti w/ meatballs, salad, and garlic knot.  I arrived there at 12:15 and they had no spaghetti noodles prepared...huh?  They told me it would be a 5 minute wait but it turned out to be 15 minutes, much longer than I would want to wait at a food court.  They offered nothing as consolation for my longer than expected wait.  The salad was packed in the same to-go box as the spaghetti, which I really hate.  This always results in spaghetti sauce getting in the salad and dressing getting in the spaghetti....disgusting.  I asked for a separate bowl for the salad so I could separate it, so I was saved this time.  The garlic knot was very small.  Had to order a second one, which for some reason seemed to annoy the cashier.  The food was decent.  Everything was fresh and tasted fine....about what you would expect from food court italian food.  Based on the food, I would give a 3 or 3.5 rating, but because of the long wait, single-box packaging, and sad garlic knot, I give it only 2 stars.
1 If I could give 0 stars I would.  I was recently here and ordered the spaghetti and meatball, a garlic knot, and mozzerella sticks.   While waiting for my food I noticed that everything is being microwaved...In microwaves hidden underneath the counter on the floor..  I understand other fast food places also nuke their food. But it's not so blatantly obvious, and it's also nuked well. Which my food was not.  I was handed my food, everything was room temp, except the mozzerella sticks which felt like they were pulled right from the fridge.   The garlic knot ended up being the only edible thing I ordered.  The spaghetti was horrible, it smelled and tasted rancid, and I even got a few more opinions from friends. And I think the meat in the meatball had gone bad.  My mozerella sticks were still barely warm after having them re "cook" them.  And we're absolutely horrible. If I wanted string cheese dipped in bread crumbs I would have ordered that.    I'm over all really disappointed with this place.  And I'm not usually that picky about food. But I literally was only able to eat one item that I ordered. And the whole ordered cost me 15 bucks. It was a small order of everything...
