5 With clean atmosphere great coffee and tea service fast and friendly people giving you and relaxing escape from the days stress. Come try the Espresso from Italy, it will really make you feel like your there.
5 Okay, so I'm waiting for a plane and I Yelp for some coffee places around the airport and I come across A.T. Oasis Coffee and Tea Shop.  It's in a center with a Garcia's Flower shop and some other businesses on the East side of 46th Street, and I must admit it was a little hard to find at first because there's no sign yet (it's a banner, and if my eyes had been open, I would have seen it)  Let me tell you, this place does not look like much-- the parking lot is meh, the business center needs an update badly, and the parking lot could use some repaving BUT...  and here is the BUT   BUT you have to check this place out.  Once you walk inside, you are greeted and made to feel like they have known you forever. This was my first time here, I ordered the Caramel Vanilla Latte (which is dee-ish by the way, with perfect espresso shots in there and honey caramel-- whaaaat? so good), and I've already laughed with the owner and got high fives.  The WiFi is free and fast, which is great. The drinks are normal, if not on the cheaper side (3.80 for an iced 16oz flavored latte) They offer food, pastires, etc.   It's worth the drive, wherever you're coming from And if you're in the area, you have to check it out. I will be returning and I live in West Valley-- it's that good.
5 Great iced tea choices on a hot day.   Hot chocolate and coffee when it's not the Phoenix summer!   Friendly owner, I  love to support privately owned places.  This is a keeper...as long as it's supported by the community!
5 There a great choices of coffee. I enjoyed the latte, it was probably the best I've ever had. I also tried the chocked sandwich, and it was delicious. Believe it or not the latte and the chicken sandwich were a great combination. I also enjoyed the environment of the shop. It was so calm and appealing I didn't want to leave. I will definitely be going there more often. Great, great place!
5 Stumbled across this place because of the good yelp reviews, and I agree with everyone's 5-star ratings.  It's inexpensive compared to most coffee places, and at the same time has better quality.  I highly recommend the spiced black tea - normally I think tea is boring, but this was so delicious I got 2 cups.  Everything I tried was tasty - the biscotti was great with the tea, and iced mocha was great too.  I'll be back!
5 Awesome little joint with high quality beverages - I had an unsweetened iced tea recommended by [who I think is] the owner, and before heading out, I ordered an iced coffee.  Both drinks were brewed well and had great flavor.  The place is also conducive to getting some work done; Wi-Fi is free and fast.
4 Warm friendly people and good coffee. The owners are from East Africa and they make an organic iced tea with their own special spice blend of cinnamon, cardamom and more.
5 Really loved it here! A friend and I are just visiting and found this place on here, so we walked on over.   I had an iced caffe latte and a blueberry muffin- both delicious! The service was also great. The man offered the heat up my muffin and asked if the drink needed more milk or sugar.   Will definitely come back on our next visit!
5 I'm a Bay Area gal at heart. With so many awesome tea and coffee places in SF, it's hard to find equivalents when I'm living my work life in Phoenix. Alas, this little gem rivals some of my favorite coffee shops.   Run by the lovely Aisha and Abdul (I hope I spelled that right), this quaint shop is located on 44th and Thomas. The food is simple, fresh and delicious. I'm a fan of the foul (pronounced "fool"), which is comprised of refried beans, olive oil, feta, tomatoes, and jalapeño, served with a generous helping of pita. See the photo!  Though a coffee lover, I have yet to try the coffee because I'm in love with the tea! Freshly brewed with their own special blend of spices, this place has incredible tea! It doesn't matter if you're ordering the green, spicy, or hibiscus versions. Each one has its own special magic. It's a small cafe, but is quiet and friendly.   That the owners put so much love and care into the business is what keeps me coming back:)
5 Awesome neighborhood coffee shop!  Just what I ve been looking for! The coffee is amazing, genuine Ethiopian. The chai tea is great and the fava bean dish is to die for! To top it all of the owner is very nice.
5 i only stopped in here briefly, but what a gem! the owner is friendly and makes you feel instantly welcome, offering addins and altenatives to your drink order and gauging your tastes to customize it. i ordered a small green tea and ended up with a medium green tea with mint, cinnamon, and a little sugar--something i never would have thought i'd order, let alone like! i definitely plan on coming back.
4 A friend and I wanted to meet up for a coffee or tea... I live in Tempe and she in Scottsdale, Went on Yelp to find a highly-rated place that might be equally distanced for us. So pleased to find A.T. Oasis Coffee & Tea Shop. Based on others reviews, realized I could easily pass-up the place on Thomas... so being aware... easily found it. Aisha, the owner, was very gracious. I ordered a chai latte that was delicious and delightful. Aisha was easy to talk with... gave me 2 small briscottis that I dunked in my latte and were delicious!!! While there, an older couple came in for lunch and wanted to order a chicken salad sandwich. Aisha patiently explained they could have on a chibatta (not familiar to the ones ordering) or on a croissant. Sure wanted to have that sandwich myself, but was not ready for lunch!!!   Aisha said has been in business for 6 months and doing OK. She gets most business through word of mouth. I did suggest I would have enjoyed seeing a website for the place, and Aisha said she is working on this.   Truly enjoyed time there... If I did not live far away, I would make this my go to place!!!
4 Went to this cute little coffee shop this afternoon. The owner was having some tea when we arrived, but promptly got up and helped us out. We ordered and he brewed a fresh pot of coffee for me. It was tasty coffee. The husband got a latte and said he liked it better than Lux... I wouldn't go that far, but it was good. If you are in the area, check it out!
5 Very good quality Ethiopian coffee and tea. Super friendly service from the owner, Ayisha. We stopped by this morning after a run to the airport, and we had a wonderful experience.
4 Small storefront coffee shop, but very comfortable. Stopped in during lunch to recharge and catch up on email, discovered a very pleasant place to take a break.  One of the other reviews observes that the owner, Aisha, loves coffee and this is very true.  She is enthusiastic about sharing good coffee, fresh roasted and flavorful, with her customers.  And the coffee is, indeed, good.  Aisha and her husband are from Ethiopia, and they serve Ethiopian coffee exclusively.  They import the beans green, and also supply to a local roaster.  If you're in the neighborhood of 44th St. and Thomas, head over to A.T. for a well-deserved break.  For the quality of the product and the owner's enthusiasm, four stars.
5 After reading a few reviews from others, we decided to give this place a try. I'm glad we did. Pleasant, cozy atmosphere and very nice owners. One of them even offered us traditional coffee freshly made, literally in front of us, roasting the beans and all. We also had the opportunity of trying their foul beans, made from scratch w/pita bread and hot chai teas...amazing!
5 Spiced iced green tea was great. Must try if you like iced chai. Iced latte was also delicious.  Very friendly environment.
5 Excellent coffee!  It could be as simple as that, but this place is cool.  I would consider myself a coffee connoisseur, as much as I dislike that term, and I cannot believe I had not been to this place sooner.  I am not a big fan of spiced coffee, but Aisha does both regular and spiced with a deft hand and a very good understanding of flavor profiles.  Also $14 for a pound of all natural, not processed washed beans...yes please!  If you are a coffee fan do yourself a favor and take a little time out of a day and experience the coffee ceremony.  It reminds me of being in Miami where all these Cuban guys share a large cup of very strong coffee in smaller cups while they socialize.    One last thing I have to comment on, as a person with a disability myself.  I witnessed Aisha and her husband help a man who was probably a regular at their shop into and out of the bathroom.  In our fast paced, high demand world today, I was taken a back at the kindness.  She is truly a bright light in anyone's day.
4 I'll definitely go back, next time for breakfast. My latte was delicious -- smooth and strong, but not bitter. The biscotti was tasty. And the owner took great care of me. Nice shop!
4 Lovely little oasis! A. T. Oasis is an Ethiopian gem tucked in the Arizona desert.  I'm going back for the coffe
5 The best coffee I've had in a long time!  So smooth and flavorful. Doesn't need cream or sugar.  Hubby had coffee and I got a cappuccino. The owner, Aisha, asked how we liked it...how strong, how much milk, foam, etc., and it came out perfect. It was so good that my cappuccino didn't even need sugar. That almost never happens.   They import the beans from Ethiopia and roast it themselves. I think that personal touch and quality control really shows in the coffee. We asked why they don't have dark roast and she explained that you'd lose that great coffee flavor if you roast it beyond medium.  It was so good that we got some whole bean coffee to bring back home. Couldn't decide between the Sidamo and the Espresso (blend of three types of coffee) so we got both. They are starting up an online store so you can get it shipped to you at home.
4 Good quick service with a smile. Had a raspberry cake slice and a really good cup of coffee.
