5 Amazing!! We went on the Friends and Family preview night and had an amazing dinner. Great service too! Our waiter, Frank, was so knowledgable about the food, gave great suggestions, and kept the drinks coming! Food was delicious, great portions sizes for the whole family :)
5 This is by far some of the best Italian food I have ever ate. Please do not confuse this with the Carmine's pizza spot in. Vegas these are 2 different places. Everything is family sized. The waiter told us to try the rigatoni and broccoli along with calamari for an appetizer, the portions were so big it was only 2 of use it was enough to feed 4 people . The staff is very friendly and inviting. Prices are a bit high but when your eating this good it counts. I recommend this to anyone looking to eat some really good southern Italian food.
5 As a local, this place is worth the trip down to the Strip. Great food and service. Don't let the high prices scare you away. Each dish serves from 4 to 6 people, making it a good value. Give it a try.
4 This restaurant is huge! I believed it just recently opened and we stopped by for lunch.  Portions are huge so we only ordered one pasta and one salad and had plenty of left overs. Service was great and we were greeted with a lot of smiles.
5 Stumbled upon this restaurant while doing some shopping at The Forum shops. Kids were hungry so we have it a try. The Ragu with Rigatoni was so good. Don't think I've ever had a meatball so tender and tasty. Portions are huge and an app and an entree could easily feed 4-5 adults. Our Server (Jeff) was very helpful and knowledgable with great suggestions. The whole staff from server assistants to management were very friendly and always there to answer any questions. Highly recommend this place.
1 How's the food?  Couldn't tell you because it never came out of the kitchen.  We stopped here in July to get some appetizers.  We came in after 9:00 PM and the place was not busy.  After being seated, our waiter pretty much forgot about us because it was about 30 minutes before someone else came by to take our drink orders.  We ordered our food at the same time and, just as we were ordering, our original waiter came back to the table to take over.  We told both waiters that we wanted the portabello mushroom appetizer (they have two mushroom appetizers, the other is stuffed caps).  They both went away and the original waiter came back again to confirm which mushroom appetizer we wanted.  We repeated - portabella.  30 minutes later (we've been here an hour now), out comes someone else with mushroom caps - not what we ordered.  We told him those weren't right and he didn't seem to understand what we were saying.  We called our server over and he saw what was wrong, apologized and took away the food to get the order right.  We're now starving and eating the all the bread at the table - which is grocery store quality by the way.  Spongy and not crusty at all.  After waiting another 30 minutes (now 90 minutes waiting FOR AN APPETIZER), and several visits from our waiter who kept making us feel uncomfortable by being over apologetic, we decided to talk with the manager.  She was nice enough, apologized for the inconvenience and said that we didn't have to pay for anything - so we left.  Over an hour an a half there, no real food (other than bad bread) and bad service.  Our first trip there was our last.  Hope your experience is better.    Oh by the way, if you like GOOD Italian food, this is not the place for you.  You can tell by the bread when a place is good or not (it's not good here) and we could see what others were getting.  This place looks like mid-west American style Italian food.  On par with Olive Garden.  Good luck!
1 0 stars.  Huge disappointment.  Father in law was always talking about wanting to try this place since couple months ago and was waiting for Carmines to open.  We dined here last weekend and our experience with both food and service was horrid!  Our server never came back to ask if we needed anything else once our meals came out.  Our pasta dish was undercooked.  The clam pasta tasted extremely bland and tasteless.  The meat sauce was boring.  It took 15 minutes and asking 3 different people before we got a basket of bread.  My in laws were so fed up with the slow service and horrible food.  What's going on Carmines???  We will not ever return.
5 Just had a private party here for 25 people and from start to finish...AMAZING!! Event manager Krista rocks! Food is top notch and service superseded our expectations! I would recommend this place for your private party! Our family was very satisfied ! The food and drinks just kept coming! Thanks Carmine's for making my mother in laws 50th birthday so special!
1 If you like POOP in your food then you'll love Carmine's. 4 of 8 people in our party got food poisoning. Symptoms ranging from migraine, severe stomach cramping, diarrhea and vomit ting. Called the manager in the morning and he said he's been a restaurant manager for 20 years and "If this was from the actual food being bad, the symptoms would show up in about 24 hours, when its immediate like in this case, its from someone not washing their hands".  He asked to call everyone in our party to check on them...never did.  Did not offer to reimburse or compensate in any way.  Manager was supposed to call back, NEVER DID.  After 3 hostile messages left, he finally called back.  He said "how did he know that our group didn't eat somewhere together before Carmine's?  How did he know it came from his restaurant?  Did anyone go to the doctor to prove they were sick?"  We met at Carmines for our friends 25 year wedding anniversary and the guest of honor had to emergency stop on the way home to blow up and spent the rest of the night running to the toilet.  The manager went on about how the restaurant is new..etc..etc..finally after aggressively reasoning with this poor excuse of a manager, he agreed to refund the dinner.  Since the credit cards have been reimbursed, I am now writing this review.  I've lived in Vegas 32 years, a hotel admin major in school and HAVE NEVER seen a manager handle SICK CUSTOMERS FROM POOP IN THEIR FOOD like this. PS Calling the health department
5 My experience at Carmine's was pretty good. The service was on point. Our drinks were always refilled without having to flag anyone over. I recommend the chicken  parm. It was really delicious! The waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and helped us pick out our entrees, took the time to explain everything. The vibe inside the restaurant was good too. Everyone was smiling and having a good time.
4 Came here for dinner on a Friday night.  It is a big restaurant with big portions.  Everything is family style and their were only 2 of us so we got appetizers.  I had the portabello mushroom appetizer and it was cheesy fantasticness(--- good enough to make up a word).  They brought out a basket with 4 or 5 different kinds of bread that were not disappointing.  The waiter was really helpful and nice and took his time with us.  The manager even came over to welcome us at one point.  If your in the area looking for Italian then you should check this place out.
3 We wanted to try Carmine's when we were in midtown Manhattan a couple of months ago but it couldn't compete with the nearby Shake Shack. It's good they opened in town. First thing you need to know, all the servings are huge! Come hungry with a big group. Last night it was just me, my wife and our toddler son. There were so many things on the menu which was posted on the wall. I was told this was intended so you will get up from your table and check out what the other patrons were having. We decided to order a custom Veal Saltimbocca on angel hair pasta. The flavors were simple, nothing to really write home about. Next time we'll bring the whole family so we can try more. Service was good, servers were very attentive. Also on the pricey side, but I guess that's justified by the large servings.
2 We had lunch today and was greeted promptly. The hostess explained the menu was on the wall....which is hard to see! Prices will shock you until you realize these are family size plates.....not that our waiter offered that info until we asked. The Calamari was the best I've eaten.   So, if you wonder why only 2 stars. It is for the service! We ordered our drinks 3x with different wait staff before we got them. Then a manager came by to ask how was everything? We told them not good. We didn't have our drinks and still haven't ordered. All they did was send someone else over!?! My son ordered chocolate milk which was Powdered Hot chocolate stirred with milk. How do I know? The waitress told is when we complained about the chunks and taste. Really?  Just say you DON'T have Chocolate milk. Oh, and we still got charged for it. I will only get take out IF we ever return.
4 This place is great! Our server was attentive and friendly. I must warn you that this place is a family style restaurant so your portions are meant to be shared so order wisely these folks dont mess around with their portions.
1 If you like grey meatballs and chewy veal this place is for you.  A good meatball you can cut with a fork and it crumbles with brown juicy beef.  Not carmines you have to slice with a knife and solid grey in color, obviously filled with a lot of filler, soy?  The two large veal parmingan pieces had to be pounded out to fill the large platter.  It was either a large calf or perhaps ponded out flank steak.  Either way it was chewy for veal.  Veal should melt in your mouth.  Heavy with bread crumbs cheese and marina.  When I complained about the beef the wait staff QUICKLY took the platters away and sent the manager over.  He did remove from the bill.  The scampi was ok, heavy with bread crumbs tho.  I prefer scampi baked in olive oil or clarified butter, garlic, shallots, seasonings only.  The merlot was nice although odd served in small juice glasses.  The anti pasta salad was very good.  The large menu on the wall lacks how a dish is prepared and its ingredients.  I won't eat here again.
1 As a big fan of their Bahamas location I was excited for Carmine's to open in Las Vegas but to my surprise it was a huge disappointment! :(  Service was horrible (waiter took our order and pretty much forgot about us) and the dishes are cooked better in the Bahamas. Listed below is what our meal entailed: (Hope it helps)  Calamari: The best dish of the night.   Carmine's Salad: Don't waste your money on this. The salad tasted bitter.   Beef Tenderloin: This was their Thursday special but don't waste your $79.99 because there is nothing special about this plate. It took over an hour to come out and it looks like a lot of meat but in actuality they stuff the plate with a lot of potatoes and layer the beef on top. It was dry and unsatisfying.  Vodka Pasta: Good dish nothing to rave about.   I recommend if you want to eat at Carmine's book a trip to Atlantis!! :)
5 So happy to find our favorite New York eatery closer to California. Fantastic service, I saw examples of team service over and over again, large portions and the food was absolutely delicious.
1 Service was the worst. Food was ok but it took at least an hour to get to our table! So I asked them to box it! Bad experience and will never come again.
4 We went to Carmine's after passing it several times over the last few weekends. The price is kinda deceiving. While the price I paid was $32 for the ragu, it was a huge portion. My girlfriend and I shared and we still had a lot of food to take home.  Definitely family style portions. And the waiter was very informative with the menu because I was ready to order three things. The food was very good. I'll repeat again and again and again. Total cost was $54 after (soft)drinks and tip. Very happy with this dinner selection.
5 Had a great dining experience. Can't wait to come back to LV and go with a large group. This spot is perfect for large parties to share in the "Family Style" portions. Carmine's is the new bomb Italian spot in Vegas.
4 Great food great service. Amazingly huge portions went with my husband and three kids and we only ordered to entrees and still had so much food left over. Make sure u go with a big party to eat here. I just wish they offered side salads and maybe some side appetizers. Wanted to try different stuff but had to pic and choose due to the size of the plates.
4 Out with friends ordered the Carmine salad had to use a magnifying glass to find the meat and cheese. The calamari was great but I made a big faux pas when I asked for more marinara. The waiter neglected to mention that there would be an extra charge for it. This took me by surprise and it embarrassed me as the other couple ended up treating us. We also ordered meatballs with rigatoni and everyone loved it. Service was only fair far from outstanding. Will have to think hard about returning.
2 What a disappointment.  Was expecting over sized portions, the waitress changed our order WITHOUT telling us (party of 5), I ordered ravioli for two, got 8 ravioli!  Not enough for one much less two, it was supposed to feed 3 to 5 persons (NO way). No one's order was super sized, the only thing super sized was the check.  The rigatoni must have had ONE table spoon of sausage.  Got dessert, mostly cream, no cake.  Total disappointment.
4 In the Old Planet Hollywood in the Forum Shops I had believed no place would ever succeed.  Transplanting the Carmines of NY / Atlantic City to the Vegas strip would be a challenge as so many cookie cutter type places exist and so many high end unique places open satelite places and fail.  Carmines delivers all of the expecations.  Large long bar and huge seating area adorne this Italian retro look with huge billboards showing the family styple type offerings.  After a drink with the ever pleasant Nicole at the bar we sit 9 for dinner tonight.   Bread is presented which is OK and wine list is perused.  Really a fairly weak wine list to be honest but a couple of value $50.00 Italian and Sicilian bottles are located and were off and running.  Note glasses are like my grandfather used to use and if you watch the scene in the Godfather where The Don is talkling to Michael with a heart to heart you will notice the glasses used are the same here.  Nice touch though I doubt many will remember.  Asked for some recomendations and we are offered a special Cold Antipasto and Hot Antipasto.  The cold was a mix of Italian Cold cuts / Procuitto, olives, eggplant salad, salmon on mozerrela bread etc.  This was fair nothing to write home about at $37.00.   The Hot Antipasto was a Small Calzone, stuffed bread, stuffed mushrooms, ground sausange and brocoli Rabbe, Clams Oregenato, Mussels in red sauce, and a few other things.  This was again OK but the Mushrooms were absolutely to die for So much so that we ordered a separate platter of stuffed mushrooms, a platter of meatballs and a very good Italian Mozerella and parmagina baked bread to complete the appetizers.   all and all Meatballs, Mushrooms and bread top scores.  We take a break here to see how much more we should order as we have hit it pretty good right now but on we go.  Platter of Chicken Marsala, Platter of Veal Parm, Platter of Shrimp Fra Diablo and platter of linquini bolognese with extra side of Bolognese sauce.     Veal Parm a near perfect 10... Delicious, chicken Marsala good but not my favorite, the Shrimp were absolutely incredible clean tasty perfectly cooked while the hot sauce was just the right amount of spicy and declicious as well.  Didn't need the 3bls of pasta in Red Sunday Bolognese Gravy but have to say it was dam outstanding.   NO coffee or deserts tried as we can't walk at this time but 9 guys 4 bottles of wine tax and Tip (Not included automatically) we walked out for $630.00   As far as I'm concerened a tremendous value and really for the most part tremendous presentations and food and taste.  Service was spot on all night and would not in any way hesitate to return here in the future.  Big Thumbs up handling 9 Hungry Hombres. Congratulations forum shops think you found one to stay awhile.
4 I've been to Carmine's in New York before and I liked it. Huge family style portions but better than Buca di Beppo, I think. Made a reservation and went here with the family. It's not as busy like the one in the Theater District in NYC.  They make their lemonade fresh to order: strawberry or blueberry. They use real fruits...but refills aren't free. I personally love their strawberry lemonade because it's real tart...so refreshingly good. Since we're a small family (with a big appetite) we got the chicken scarpariello, manicotti...and the Titanic for dessert. Great bread service...combine olive oil, balsamic vinegar and Parmesan as a dip.  Chicken Scarpariello: Chicken in lemon butter and rosemary sauce. The meat is tender, juicy and perfectly cooked. The skin is light brown and crispy. Even the breast (normally the driest part of a chicken) was juicy. The sauce was delicious. 5/5   Manicotti: Pasta filled with ricotta. Tomato sauce was thick and tangy. 3.5/5  Titanic: Chocolate torta, gelato, ganache, whipped cream, pineapple, strawberry and hazelnuts. One of the best desserts I've had recently. It's a combination of their chocolate torta and gelato. Think banana split but waaaay better. This dessert (just like all of their desserts) is huuuuge. It would take 4 people to take down this behemoth. The ganache is what makes this so good. Everyone that would pass by our table would stop and admire this beauty. 5/5  Our server forced us to take our leftover dessert home. "Just freeze it and it would still be good". It looks like a mess now but it's still delicious! Service is a little slower here and our food took a long time.
1 Blah! Ordered the Linguini with clams. No good. Smelt and tastes like burnt garlic, too much crappy oil used to cook the dish and waaaay over priced. Wine is served in a cocktail glass instead of a wine glass ghetto!!! I get it that its "old school Italian" but if were keeping up with "old school Italian" why did they offer me Cheese with my shellfish? This place should pack up and retire.
1 Excited to go and try this place out, limited bar, not many flavored vodkas and food was mediocre at best, Maggiano's is much better, will not be back!
3 In town for a conference and took a customer to dinner.  He actually requested Carmine's in lieu of some gold standard restaurants in the area.  I was very pleasantly surprised!  We started with the calamari.  It was crisply fried and not greasy at all.  Four of us ate the whole platter.  We then split the Porterhouse steak and penne pasta with a rose cream sauce.  The pasta was very good if simple.  The porterhouse was outstanding.  On a cut that size, it is usually tough and difficult to prepare properly.  It was med rare and sliced into thin strips with a little drizzle of garlic butter over the top (butter, no wonder). It was very tender and flavorful. We all commented on how good it was.    Definitely a solid 3 1/2 stars!
3 Food was good but a bit heavy on the garlic in every dish for me.  Enjoyed the family style service.   The chocolate torta is THE reason to go again.
5 Best Italian food I've had in Vegas.. probably because it's from NY!  Went here when my inlaws were visiting (there were 8 of us total)  Started w/ fried calamari and zucchini apps.  The zucchini was like zucchini french fries which was not what I was expecting. Still good though! Would probably get something else instead next time.  We went on a Wednesday when they had a veal dish on special.  It was $62 for a huge plate of veal...even the salad that came on the plate was amazing!  We also ordered eggplant parm (my fave and it was amazing), chicken parm, and angel hair and meatballs.  Since my husband and I live in town we took the leftovers home.  I ate the rest of the eggplant over a few days and froze the rest for another time.   I can't wait to have visitors again so we can go eat here.. again!  Makes me miss NY even more but I'm glad I can at least hit up Carmine's when I want real Italian food.    Our bill was close to $400 and we had ordered a bottle of wine, the rest of us had regular drinks.  We probably could have gotten away with 1 less dish and been fine.
3 Having been to Carmine's in NYC we knew what to expect in the way of portion size and the general menu. Carmine's salad was very good the veal parmigiana and the rigatoni with proscuitto were just ok. Veal a little overdone and the rigatoni was the same as any mediocore Italian place serves in NY. And what's with the glasses? Small glass for water (Vegas, Dry, Hot) same small glass for wine. I know that is how it is served in Italy but dude this is Nevada. Capisce?
5 Got married in Vegas and came here for our wedding dinner. Very large portions allowed everyone to share and taste multiple dishes. The calamari was a huge hit. Caesar salad was the best dressing I have ever had. Everyone enjoyed their meals and all dishes were cooked just right. Even better, there were left over's for everyone to take home. Staff was very friendly and efficient and best, the chef went out of his way to come out of the kitchen and congratulate us on our wedding. Truly a night we will never forget.
4 Quick look: NYC's famed Carmines in the center on the Forum Shops Mall delivers  traditional Italian fare in MASSIVE family type portions. Couples / single diners beware - this is a lot of food and I suggest groups of 4 or more for ideal proportions.   In depth review: being from NY we were well aware of the Carmine's reputation. Was excited to FINALLY get a chance to try their fare here in Vegas. Ate there this past Monday night and the massive space was pretty full at 7pm for dinner. Nice casual setting with high ceilings, a freakishly large bar with flat screens showing the football game and large menu boards and classic Italian pics decorating the walls. Felt very warm and comfortable even though the room was gargantuan and located in a busy mall.   Server was a nice Serbian fella and he was very attentive. Made some good suggestions and explained the portions and the menu. We kept it simple and ordered a mixed drink, a glass of wine, calamari appetizer and the veal parmesan with penne pasta. The calamari priced at $17 was the largest portion I have ever seen. Was a mountain of fried squid and way too much for two people. It was good, breaded well and not too greasy. We almost filled up on this and had to stop ourselves. The bread was also very tasty!  The veal parmesan came out with perfect timing after the appetizer. The serving dish was piled 4 inches high with penne pasta and it included two giant slabs of veal parm on the top. Wife and I looked at each other in disbelief at how large this dish was. The waiter served us and we started to eat. It was very tasty and the veal was prepared perfectly. The red sauce was also delicious and was glad to see that they did not use sugar when preparing it. We ate till we couldn't eat any more and we had a lot to take home with us in doggy-bags. Was it the best I have ever had, no. But it was certainly one of the better traditional veal parm dishes in the city.   It's a lot of food. Too much for less than four people. We actually had enough for two more additional meals!!  My advice would be to add a "couples menu" to their menu. Many couples go out in Vegas. It's a different market and I feel like the large, massive portions alienate couples who want to eat there. Who would want to carry doggy-bags around with them on the mall and on the all night? A lot of people do not have refrigerators in their hotel rooms as well. Price for two of us was about $130. So the pricing is not exactly cheap.   Was a solid meal and w/o a smaller, couples menu - I will only return when I have family or friends in town and they want to eat traditional "red sauce" Italian.  I have also had lunch here - the submarine sandwiches are also MASSIVE! I had an Italian mixed and a tomato and mozzarella sandwich and both were tasty and well made. The bread is super fresh and they don't hold back on the meat. Two people can split one and have more than enough.
5 My family and I celebrated birthdays, last evening, in Carmine's Restaurant in Caesar's Palace Las Vegas.  Truly a food coma delight!!  We live in NYC, and have eaten in Carmine's in NYC, several times. This is the first time we have eaten here in Carmine's in Vegas, it just opened Fall 2013.    The penne with Bolognese sauce, meatballs and manicotti were magnificent.  For our appetizer, we ordered Spiedini Alla Romana, pure heaven.   And for the grand finale, the Titanic!!  A huge replica of the ship made out of chocolate fudge, bananas, pineapples, strawberries, real cream and chocolate shavings; not to mention, the three Italian rolled cookies, Pirouettes,  shaped into smoke stacks with candles emerging from each stake.Soooo Gorgeous to eat!!! Outstanding display of food beauty, not to mention the charm and efficiency of the wait staff.  Our waiter, Mr. Baker, sang and danced for us (formerly a performer), now a church choir singer and coordinator.  He made the night extra special with his talent and charm.  Yes, the portions are humongous!! One portion for a least 3-4 persons, and the Titanic dessert serves at least 4-5 persons, and that is still too much. The next time you visit Vegas, take a trip to Caesar's and enjoy the epicurean delights at Carmine's!!
3 The spaghetti & meatballs were delicious; sauce is amazing! The three stars is for the service.
3 I visited Carmine's NYC during Thursday Oct 31st (Halloween,) for dinner and this place was pretty empty. We had originally made a reservation for 7 people for 7:30pm, but when we arrived a little less than half of the restaurant was still empty. As we arrived the restaurant had a very interesting layout but you could still feel the Italian roots. There are no elaborate walls or breaks in the dining area its all one large box covered with pictures and a massive ceiling. Carmine's offers a list of authentic Italian dishes, including but not limited to Antipastas, Rigatoni, Chicken Contadina, Garlic Bread Parmigianino, and not to mention their 20ft wine rack in the front of the restaurant.  During our visit, our party had ordered Garlic Bread Parmigianino for appetizers, Rigatoni A Bolognese and Chicken Contadina as our entrees. The garlic bread seemed a bit too authentic for my taste; it consisted of large cuts of bread caked with Parmesan cheese which I thought was icing at first. The Rigatoni Bolognese, which was essentially Rigatoni pasta with a meat sauce, was much better in taste and quality, the pasta was a bit cold but the meat sauce had a good consistency and flavor. Likewise the Chicken Contadina, was served with a similar pasta however the chicken was bone-in and got cold quickly. Two things I didn't enjoy very much.  Overall the service was a bit above average, our server was definitely very knowledgeable of the menu and had proper etiquette when it came to serving us and maintaining the cleanliness of our table.  The ambiance was about what I expected, as I mentioned earlier the restaurant is laidback and has a very spacious layout with a high ceiling, which I like. There were picture of random Italian figures all across the walls, which contributed to the new world Italian roots feel. I would say this restaurant was a good representation of what to expect from authentic Italian restaurants in the US.   In a nutshell, this place is a more expensive Buca de Beppo with moderately better quality food. I was definitely not impressed and would rate my experience average at best. Unfortunately family style restaurants don't really do it for me as the food always ends up cold less than halfway through the meal. Overall, this is a great casual restaurant to get the authentic feel of Italian family style dining. There were no service failures or defects with the food, however it was a one-time experience for me.  *Tip* order cautiously! We had 7 hungry guys at our table, 1 appetizer and two entrees were enough to fill us up! Portions are HUGE... hence why they cost as much as an arm and a leg.
1 There were just too many things about my dinner that I didn't like - from subpar food to surly service.   The style of Carmine's itself may appeal to some people, perhaps large families, but for me much of it seemed contrived by some "idea man" that wants a gimmick and sets that as a higher priority than anything else. To start,. three of us were seated and given two menus.  When I asked for another my server explained (with a little too much exasperation, as though this happens too many times) that the restaurant is family style and there are menus on the wall, so they only give every other person a menu.  When I just smiled, she gave me a menu.  Thank you. The menu didn't have descriptions below the items.  I love Italian food and can be equally happy with authentic Italian or with Americanized Italian food.  But some of the dishes, like Chicken Scarpariello, I am not familiar with.  If you purposely print a menu designed to make your customers ask for details, then employ servers that are friendly and willing to describe things.   Family style dining isn't a bad idea, but what happens when the salads are $23 and only 2 of the 3 people are in the mood for salad?  Well, my friend, you are out of luck.  The salad is easily large enough to serve 7 people and is piled so high on the plate that when the food runner plates it up for you several pieces fall all over the table.  You could splurge and just order far more than you could eat, or somebody gets shorted. Main courses were also easily able to feed 6 people or so.  We tried the pasta special of 4 pastas on a platter.  They were all very mediocre.  In fact nothing stood out as being even marginally better than something I could buy frozen at Trader Joe's and reheat in my microwave.   We shared a bottle of wine and here the server actually anticipated a problem that probably occurs often.  Apparently their wine glasses are the same as their water glasses - a very small juice glass.  She warned us of this as soon as we ordered and offered to bring stemware. Yes, please.  The wine was nice, but BIG PET PEEVE: Some wines need decanting.  If you are too casual of a restaurant to do this, fine.  Just don't sell wines that need decanting!!  Do you know how unpleasant it is to be caught up in conversation only to take a final sip of wine and fill your mouth with sediment???? UGH! And, since I am on a roll...why use water glasses that are so tiny?  Whoever made that decision should have realized that directly corresponds to needing more staff available to refill.  Nope, in reality it means sitting without water for a good part of the meal.  Hello, it's a desert out there! Dessert choices were confusing.  Again, no descriptions on the menu and now no prices.  This I really do not like.  Why wouldn't you have prices??  Oh, someone's brilliant idea of forcing our surly server to have to explain.  Well, this one you can order 2 or 4, but this one is only one size and big enough for 6 and this one is sold individually....Seriously?  Why make it so confusing?  Even with all of that disappointment, I would have considered at least one more star if there was even anything in our copious leftovers that I would have bothered taking home to reheat.  Nope, it was all blah.  Even the bread was ick.  Big Italian sin in my book.
5 Ate there last week.  Food and service was so good that I just made Thanksgiving reservations!
5 Just as good as the New York location, but not *nearly* as crowded!   We made reservations for three for an early Friday night dinner, but I don't think the reservations were necessary. The restaurant got busy, but it definitely never got as busy as the restaurant in Times Square.  The staff was all friendly, and took the time to joke around with us. Our waiter recommended some drinks, and then gave us time to decide on our order.  I've been dreaming about Carmine's Bolognese since we had it in March, so of course that was the sauce that I wanted. We agreed on a pasta type and an appetizer (the calamari) and then stared at the bread basket that they placed on the table in front of us.  We'd all been to Carmine's New York location before, so we knew from experience that there'd be a ton of food coming our way, and were weighing the pros and cons of eating the bread ahead of our meal. We nibbled at the bread, but decided to save our appetites for the food.  And, oh! That food! That glorious, delicious, exceedingly large portion of food!  The calamari came out first, and initially, we thought we'd have no problem polishing it off. There were three of us, after all, and we were all pretty hungry. The calamari was delicious - crispy and piping hot, there was good flavor in both the batter and in the squid meat. I didn't try the marinara sauce, but the others seemed to love it. I preferred throwing a dusting of parmesan cheese on top, which made it even better.  As we were putting a dent into the platter of calamari, our waiter came by with our platter of Angel Hair pasta with Bolognese sauce. He then started to dish it all out for us, and for some reason, I ended up with the largest serving.   Maybe because I clapped and bounced up and down in my seat when he set it down on the table?  The sauce was just as good as I remembered it being, which was a huge relief. I tend to have very bad luck with things that I've experienced once, and end up craving. They never quite add up, you know? But, that wasn't the case here. The sauce was meaty and mildly spicy, without being too tomato-y. Is that a word? Tomato-y? It is now.  It wasn't long before we realized, not only had we failed in clearing out the calamari, there was a not-so-small portion of pasta left over. As we were all in hotel rooms without microwaves, we weren't sure we wanted to take the leftovers with us, but then decided to see if we could find someone...in need...to give it to.  I'm so glad that we found out about this location before our trip to Vegas. It was the perfect pre-race meal, and we loved everything from the service to the quality of the food.   Once again, we left overly full and impressed by Carmine's!
1 Very disappointing with the service.  Started with the hostesses and ended at the hostess desk. The ladies have more attitude than an annoying in grown pubic hair, and that's pretty sad!!  Give me a break ladies!  You're killing Carmine's business with that attitude.   I recommend Carmine's in NY, at least the attitude is decent!  P.S. the hostess with the dark brunette hair, you might want to wipe your mouth after you eat.  I kind of figured what you had for breakfast; the crusty oatmeal left over on the corners of your mouth didn't look too appealing at all.  Beauty is a duty!
5 We took our hungry family to Carmine's late on Sunday evening.  What made the dinner excellent was the outstanding service we received from Frank, the tall waiter from New York City.  He helped us with recommendations and genuinely cared that everything went well.  Frank made us feel like VIPs.  The assistant servers were on-point too.  The manager dropped by to make sure we were OK and the hostess was personable. We had the Rigatoni Country Style and Chicken Parmesan.  With our family of 4, we had leftovers too.  We are glad we chose Carmine's at the Forum.
5 Now this is what an Italian family style restaurant should be. Generous portions of delicious Italian food served in a cherry atmosphere by attentive, welcoming waiters. The Caesar salad was properly dressed and served with anchovies in the side. We had the spaghetti and meatballs and shrimp scampi. Tomato sauce was thick, rich and generous. Meatballs were moist with just a hint of garlic and cheese. Mama would be proud. Highlight of an already fantastic meal was the scampi. Not the butter and garlic drenched monstrosity served elsewhere. These were succulent shrimp seemingly baked in garlic, butter, white wine and parsley, with a seasoned bread crumb crust. This was the kind of dish that makes you smile. Simple Italian done right.
5 Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. Carmine's has always been one of my favorite places to eat in NYC so I was excited to find one in Vegas! I had a picture of a pasta dish I had at the location in Times Square and this location took that picture and made something even better! Our server, Michael Baker, was accommodating, funny and entertaining! Please give this location a chance if you're reading this!! We had a FANTASTIC experience and really enjoyed ourselves! The food is, as always, AMAZING!!
5 Possibly the best Italian food I've had to date. This family style Italian restaurant was absolutely wonderful.  Being family style, the salads and entrées can easily serve five. For a table of six we ordered eggplant parmigiana, linguine bolognese and the Carmine salad. And there was more than enough food to go around...and leftovers to boot.  The bolognese sauce was excellent...but don't expect the typical tomato style. This bolognese sauce was meat, oil and herb based...and absolutely delicious. The eggplant was a many-layered affair of cheese, eggplant and marinara sauce that was devoured with abandon. And the salad had an excellent array of tastes and textures.  The bread basket is filled with a variety of breads, from focaccias to breadsticks, and they generously gave us three baskets in total.  Simply put, if you're in Las Vegas and want top notch Italian food, Carmine's is the place to go.
5 Excellent food, great ambiance, very good service.  Reminded me of the Italian restaurants in NYC.  Very authentic Italian food and plenty of it.  If you are in Vegas and want Italian this is a must stop.
4 I used to work here in the Forum Shops and was one of those anticipating for Carmine's to open and finally got to try them out last week. I came here with a party of 11 to celebrate my aunt's birthday. I must say my aunt and her family are from NY and have eaten at the Carmine's there, so the expectations were set pretty high. I do love the inside of the place especially how the high raised ceilings have all sorts of pictures hanging on the walls. If only the restaurant was in a stand alone building then it would truly give that Manhattan feel. Before anything was served we noticed that the plates were at the end of the table, my aunt expected the server to place each plate in front of us because that's what the server did in NY. It didn't happen, so I guess here it's more of a self serve concept. My beverage of choice was the strawberry lemonade since another review mentioned how good and tart it was. She was right I did enjoy the tartness(tasted similar to Red Robbin's Freckled Lemonade), too bad it's not free refill because I sure did finish that drink before the food was served.  So here is the break down of the food:  Carmine's salad- I liked all the additional toppings in this salad like berries, nuts, and salami if I remember correctly. We had 2 salads and assumed they were the same because they looked very similar. After tasting both we realized the other one was a mixed green salad. I prefer Carmine's salad and say it's worth the $3 difference.   Calamari- pretty standard, wasn't too greasy and the breading was like how I've had it at other Italian restaurants.     Zuppa Di Clams (white)- I am not a fan of clams but my brother convinced me to try the last piece and I was pleasantly surprised. If you enjoy clams I definitely would recommend this dish, pretty delicious I must say. The sauce for the clams was so good we saved it to put on our pasta.  Broiled porterhouse steak- this was really delicious and I thought it was perfectly cooked with various pieces being rare and medium (refer to the picture). One of the better cuts of steak I've had from a restaurant. Warning this is pricey, costing $80.  Chicken Scarpariello- I read from another review recommending this dish and when we ordered it the server said they were out?! I was shocked at first because I've never heard of a chicken dish running out at a restaurant. Thankfully she came back and said they still had it. It was cooked in a buttery sauce, probably my favorite dish of the night and reasonably price. I will definitely order this the next time I come back.   There was a pasta dish we ordered but I can't remember what the name was. Next time I come, I'll also order the Rigatoni & Broccoli as recommended by another yelper. According to my aunt and her husband the food was a little on the salty side, but still a good quality in comparison to the one in NY. However the service was lacking. I really want to come back but it probably won't be any time soon. This place was pricey so I'll have to find a special occasion to come here for.
5 I've been here multiple times and every last time I have truly enjoyed the entire experience. The prices are actually amazing for what you get and even better if you have a bunch of people. Definitely 1000% worth trying.....
3 Checked out Carmines with my fellow Yelper Amar B. this Halloween. I've heard alot about this place so I was pretty excited to see what they had to offer. Carmine's occupies the former Planet Hollywood restaurant spot inside the Forum Shops. My first thoughts walking in were "wow this place is huge and empty." The restaurant is massive, vaulted ceillings, tons of pictures and sizeable bar.  The food here defintely gives 'family style" dining a whole new meaning as the portions here on the are massive. I have never seen a restaurant regularly serve up so much food. The appetizer and two entrees we order were more than enough to feed the seven of us. Unfortunately, Carmine's failed to follow the common mantra of quality over quantity.  We started with ordering the Garlic Bread Parmigianino as a appetizer. The huge texas toast style slices of bread totally caked with a thick layer of Parmesan cheese and garlic seasoning. After about half through the slice, the oil from cheese and spread became overwhelming and I had to put it down. The Chicken Contadina was OK at best, huge pieces of bone-in chicken got cold too quickly and the sausage that accompanied it was surprisingly lacking in flavor. The last dish we had, Rigatoni Bolognese, was the best out of the three, the meat sauce and the pasta complimented each other nicely and dish was full of flavor.  Service was a bit below average for this type of restaurant. Our server came around infrequently to refill our miniature glasses of water and didn't even offer us a wine list or dessert menu. Not sure if he was just having a bad day but he came across as very uninterested, hurried, and unhospitable.  Carmine's is certainly not cheap, most entrees run anywhere from $30-$50 but keep in mind that they are meant to feed a large group of people. The place has a lot of potential and I would love to come back and check out some of their other offerings.
5 Where do I begin!  We're from the NYC area and my boyfriend loves Carmine's. always talks about it. But I had never tried it, so we finally did yesterday in Vegas and it was amazing. I mean the decor was very neat. I'm a total food, wine, hospitality junkie and I had never seen a wine rack so tall! The photos on the walls were authentic and really told a story about the place. We were greeted by a nicely dressed host who welcomed us with a warm smile and brought us over to our table. A few moments later, our waiter Frank introduced himself. He had a ton of knowledge and answered every question we had about the mouth watering menu. Frank was the ideal waiter to have, at my first time at Carmine's. we were lucky to have gotten there a little bit after lunch time because we were able to  order from the lunch menu, which had smaller portions, which were still big! We ended up getting garlic bread, half with cheese. Which I thought was cool. Most places don't offer you the option. And then we shared a lunch size Penne Ala Vodka. And we still had left overs!!! Perfect Italian cooked pasta. None of that over cooked mushy shit. The food was excellent. The place was organized and beautiful. The bathrooms were clean. And the service was awesome. Our waiter was friendly and fun to talk to! Although he did tell us he was a Raiders fan. Ha ha. Recommending Carmine's to everyone I know! I also can't wait to dine at the NYC and DC locations! High expectations! Keep up the good work and hospitality, Vegas!
4 Well, it's not the Carmines in New York, but it's pretty darn close. Like many New York, LA or celebrity owned restaurants in other cities, when they come into Las Vegas, sure it's the same menu they usually even look somewhat similar but there is just that "it" factor, that vibe, that's missing. One part is maybe even just the staff. When you're at Carmines in New York all of the staff has that New York attitude that is just so amazing and fun. One things that did make me really feel like I was in New York, was the fact that Carmine's is inside the Caesars Forum so there are no views of palm trees or the desert to be had. The other thing is that the place was decorated for Christmas, there's just something about Christmas in New York that is very special and inviting.    So if you are wondering around Caesars looking for somewhere to eat or craving some good ol' New York style Italian food, I highly recommend popping in to Carmines. Hey, it is Vegas after all, it's all about excess; whether that means spaghetti or slot machines!
2 A big disappointment. My brother and I went here to see if they are as good as they claim. Nah. Go somewhere else. They say they serve large family style portions to feed at least 4 hungry people, Italian "generous family" style. We ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese, about $38, and while it came on a big plate, there obviously was not enough pasta. So after two small portions each, we were left hanging. There was still some meat sauce, so we asked if we can just get some more spaghetti. The waiter said the manager said it will be $12.50 more. Since we were unsatisfied, we had to bite the bullet and order it. But I felt ripped off. If they had given enough pasta to begin with, there would not have been this problem. My brother and I always eat at Buca di Beppo and we never ever had this problem. And, my big complaint is pasta is cheap. In my opinion their true hospitality and good business sense to make the customer happy would have been to just give us the extra portion of pasta just to be satisfied, as opposed to being reamed. PASTA IS CHEAP. Or, if they wanted to charge, max. should have been $6.  The waiter was also not a very pleasant guy. He was always hurrying, he had no genuine interest, he was perfunctory. Proof: we had to ask for bread. We had to ask for the olive oil and balsamic vinegar to dip the bread. And though we still had not finished the bread, he swoops away the olive oil and vinegar. We had to ask for it back.  Finally, this place is really a joke. When you call a place LEGENDARY, it's reputation is vaunted, by its length of it in business, at least, arbitrarily, around 30 years; it has served actual LEGENDS, this being Vegas, it should have served and has documented patronage by Sinatra, Elvis, etc. And to be a legend, it really should be respected and renown; Carmine's IS A LEGEND IN THEIR OWN MIND, ONLY. Look at their sign: ESTABLISHED 1990. THAT IS HARDLY A LEGEND. Overstated, just tooting their own horn, with nothing to back it up. With all the great Italian restaurants here in Vegas I am sorry we even went here. Appropriate descriptions would have been "Famous Italian food", or "Celebrated Italian Cuisine". LEGEND? Since only 1990? Have you noticed true legendary places? Vacheron watches, depuis (since) 1755. So give me an effing break Carmine's.  I also politely told them there, and through their comment place, at their website, of my utter disappointment. No reply. In other words, they don't really care about customer service. All they want is $$$$. This place may go on for a while due to foot traffic. But you can rest assured I DO NOT AND WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL. I'd rather go to Buca or the many other fine Italian restaurants here in Vegas.
4 Not bad. Huge portions so plenty to share. For a chain restaurant I was pretty impressed. I would recommend going here if you are in Vegas as most of the restaurants are pretty iffy when it comes to quality.
5 It is really important to review something for what it is and for what it is this place is amazing. If you are looking for a small bite or if you are looking for a place where you can share six different dishes and not have to carry out 5 bags worth of leftovers then this is not the place for you. However if you go to this restaurant for what it is then you will be able to share one or two items with your table and have absolutely amazing food and tons of it and most likely have leftovers to bring home for a pretty fair price. The more people in your party the better value this place becomes but it's still a very fair deal amazing food for even a party of 2... I highly recommend going to this restaurant
5 Absolutely the best Italian food. Period.
3 Family style Italian dinner. The food was not great, it was overly salty!  If you have a big group they are accommodating but the service is not the best either.   For the price you can definitely find somewhere better.
4 Located in the old Planet Hollywood spot inside the Forum shops, this place is pretty good.  High ceilings with plenty of pictures and an impressive bar that climbs up to the ceiling.  Or server who was from Brooklyn was efficient but not over friendly, NY attitude for sure.  As all the other reviews state, this place has huge portions but if there is only two of you, eat at the bar, they have portions for 2.  I was part of a party of 6.  We had the calamari, seafood pasta and spaghetti with sausage and meatballs.  Seafood pasta had a whole lobster in it.  It was full of calamari, shrimp and clams.  Delicious.  Meatballs were great too.  It was plenty of food for 6 with leftovers.  Tiramasu was a whole cake, delicious.  Impressed.
2 Hits and miss. We came here with a party of 12 after we couldn't secure a desirable time for Bacchanal. First, easy to get reservation at anytime so that's a plus but indicative of what's to come. Ambiance is great. 20+ foot ceilings wonderfully decorated for Christmas. Now the food. It was really pricey even with the large portion. Most of the dishes were over salted and the complimentary bread was COLD. It wasn't even room temperature. Asked if they could heat it up a bit and said they couldn't. You have a whole freakin kitchen back there and you can't toast bread just slightly??  Stick with Bucca. There are several around the area on and off strip.
4 We walked in here by accident and boy was I happy we did. It's family style. Huge portions of food for everyone. We had the house salad and fried zucchini to start. It also came with a variety of bread that was very freshly baked. That in itself was very good. For our entrees we had the shrimp Diablo and rigatoni with broccoli and sausage. We had frozen cocktails that were expensive but delicious.Everything was excellent. We finished with coffee that was ok but nothing overly fancy. The price is as advertised. Expensive but worth it.  As a side note all of the other dishes that passed us looked equally as good.
2 Sadly I had a two star experience here last night so needed to update. Had horribly salty dish and was unimpressed by the overall experience. Even the good is sometimes horribly bad I guess....
2 I really wanted to love this place, but it wasn't great. We stopped hear before we saw Boys II Men at the Mirage for dinner. I had dirty burps all night, which has never happened to me. I love Italian food, and this was a disappointment. Go to Battista's Hole in the Wall instead, trust me.
5 We came here instead of Planet Hollywood and boy were we lucky. This was one of the most amazing dinners we have ever had in our lives. The calamari was the best ever. And I'm a calamari snob. Next we had the sausage and pasta,chicken parmigiana and chicken scarpariello.  Every dish was outstanding. There were six of us and we were stuffed.  When you order, I recommend one dish per every two people. This will be a lot of food but too much is better than not enough This is our new go to place..
4 Carmine's has the biggest portion sizes I have ever seen, they could feed an army. We ended up sitting in the bar area which serves smaller portions (only for 3 people) but the menu is more restricted. The prices seem high but when you consider how much food is served they actually become very reasonable.  We ordered the Caesar salad and penne bolognaise, the food was so rich and there was so much of it that we ended up taking the final third of the bolognaise to eat the next day. I would definitely recommend Carmine's to anyone in search of a good quality hearty meal in Las Vegas.
4 We were a party of 6 with a reservation for a table on the "patio". When got there, the place was packed with folks milling around "outside" (the restaurant is in the Forum Shops in Caesar's palace - so there really is no outside seating on the patio). We were really surprised when they honored the reservation and sat us on time on the patio. We started with 2 appetizers. We had the chicken wings and the portabello mushroom salad. The salad was truly outstanding with large chunks of portobello mushroom throughout. We all loved it and with 6 of us working on it, we still could not finish it. The chicken wings was the biggest portion of wings I ever saw. Again, we couldn't finish the portion. As a main course, we ordered the shrimp scampi over linguini. I have to admit, this dish was a little disappointing. It  was very good, but didn't hold a candle to the two appetizers.  Once again, the portion size was more than ample for 6 persons. The service was a little slow but we were in no hurry. I will go back, but will just order the1 appetizers.
5 What a fun time for Super Bowl! They charged $50 per person for all you can eat buffet. They had large tv's set up in every room. Everyone with reserved tickets had a table to watch the game and party. The food was really good. Service was very good. They had a little trouble with tv sound at first, but got it fixed quickly. The only bad thing about the party was that Denver lost. We bet on them and couldn't believe that outcome! Oh well, next year. Great job Carmine's!
4 Twelve hungry Italians can make for some serious caloric debauchery and yesterday was no exception.  Our doll of a waiter actually laughed at the amount of food we  ordered!! Here's what we had (keep in mind, there were five kids and seven adults and everything is served family style):   --mixed green salad--delicious, every morsel was devoured  --Caesar salad --broccoli--yummy --eggplant parmesan--incredible --spaghetti with meatballs --rigatoni with Bolognese (my fave)  --Porterhouse--kids liked it (didn't love because it came with some garlic rub on it) --chicken scarpariello--ok, could've used more sauce  We left happy and it goes without saying that we took a long walk and skipped dinner!!!  All and all, it was delicious.
5 9 hungry adults ready to eat!! let me tell you, hands down, #1 on my list!!   All of the servers are very helpful with one another, if it's 1 table, there are 2 servers. 2 tables, there are 3 servers & so forth.   Last minute decision but we had just enough time to put in a reservation and I am so thrilled we did. Entrees are huge, just enough to serve 3 hungry people. we got 2 appetizers, 3 entrees, & 1 HUGE dessert named the titanic. we all shared everything. I highly recommend the salmon platter. everybody dug into that one within 2 minutes & it was gone. they are ALWAYS refilling drinks, but I will remind you they are not free refills. Very nice atmosphere but don't go here if you are planning a date or somewhere quiet. this place is very up beat & seems to always be busy. I forgot out servers' names' but from the look of it everybody here is nice & guiding. it is a bit pricey, our bill came out to $400+ & a tip so if you're planning on going, have some money ready to spend. recommend this to everybody!!
4 Fantastic food. HUGE portions! I  Quick Breakdown: Appetizers : Calmari & cold antipasto - good. Stuffed Muschrooms Ok Pasta: Penna Alla Vodka DAMN GOOD Chicken, Scaloppine: YUMMO Shrimp Scampi: The Best Lasgna: way to full to even try it Sides: Broccoli; Super good.  Desserts: HOLY cow..not sure how i did it, but i tried it all. The Titanic is awesome. BE aware that you need at least 4 people to split this. The Strawberry shortcake was my Fav.  Make sure to get reservations since this places fills up fast!
3 I love the food here! Love it. We sat at the bar and got a smaller portion, which was still enormous. Meat sauce and penne, with cesar salad. I felt like the server was intentionally annoyed with us because we were not drinking enough or spending enough for his liking. I found that a little bit rude and icky. For Vegas, it's perfect.
2 Huge portions and an even bigger waste of my time and money. Myself and nine other were looking forward to a family style Italian lunch.   Things started off great and then took a nose dive after the salad course.   Two pasta dishes and a chicken entree took about 40 minutes to come out. One of the pasta dishes was wrong and had to be redone, took another 30 minutes. We thought we had ordered the chicken saltimbocca  but couldn't find the prosciutto. After asking our server about it he assured us it was there, we just couldn't see it. I'll tell you what, I couldn't taste it either.   Carmines ended up being a disappointment. At least there was a decent gelato stand down the way.
2 Went on a Monday for lunch and sat at the bar. Bartender was very nice but sick...manager should have sent her home! Had the meatball here and it was huge but juts warm and not hit and cheese not totally melted. For those prices you just can't give huge portions food needs to be quality too!
4 Cut one star for the huge sizes. Have you seen any reviews without the word huge? Food is so good and if you cannot take leftovers you really feel guilty to leave behind such a good quality and taste, not to mention the waste.   We were two people and warned in advance to chose the same meal. Meat balls we still talk about how tasty they were. Salad is also fresh and can feed a table of 6-8 easily.   Why not some consideration for smaller portions?
5 We returned to Carmines, this time with a different group of 6. Again they honored their reservation and sat us immediately. We were there on a Thursday night. They have a steak special for around $90. There was probably enough on the plate to have only that for dinner. The steak was absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly (we ordered it to be pink). It came with lots of veggies on the platter - no need to order sides with this. Unfortunately we did not appreciate just how much food would be on the plate. We did not come close to finishing it. This group is generally pretty tough to pleasse. Each person loved the meal. I will be returning to Carmines.
2 Where to begin. My fiancé and I love food and have been to a lot of amazing restaurants . We were very excited to try this place out but unfortunetly the service sucked. Our waitress looked like she didnt even want to be there. Didnt help us at all. I had to keep waiving other waiters down just to take care of us.The food was not even hot.  The whole expierience sucked. It was WAYYY OVER PRICED for the service and food we recieved. We will never be back.
2 My girlfriend and I came to Carmine's in Caesars palace looking for some good Italian pasta. At first we were shocked at the prices, but the server assured us that the portions of food are meant for 3-4 people, which indeed they were. We received a basket of assorted bread as we waited for the spaghetti and meatballs that we ordered, but the bread was unappetizingly cold and rather unsatisfying to the palate. The pasta came out within an acceptable time frame, and the pasta was served to us from the family size platter into individual plates. The pasta was very very salty. Indeed if you enjoy strongly salty pasta this is the restaurant and dish for you. I, however, left with lips slightly puffed from excess sodium absorption.   I will be giving our leftover pasta to the first homeless person we meet on the strip. I hope for his sake that he has access to a lot of clean drinking water.  Overall, I expected better food from a restaurant that received such high ratings on yelp.
3 Everyone said the portions were huge and for sharing but who knew they were the size of Mac truck.  Unless you live in the local area and can take food home, you really want to go with at least four people.  We ordered a salad that could have easily fed four.  As it was we ate what we could and left the rest.  It was a Ceasar salad and the waiter asked if we wanted anchovies in the salad on the side or not at all which was nice.  For our main course we ordered seafood pasta.  Again we had a choice of what type of pasta we wanted and there were several.  The seafood consisted of clams in the shell, mussels, lobster, and calamari rings.  There was a choice of white or red sauce for the pasta.  We got the white which turned out to be a very light and taste wine, garlic, herb sauce which was wonderful and made good use of the basket of bread we had on the table.  While the price seems high at first glance,, the reality is that when you consider how many people one entree can feed it's not.  Our total bill including my wine was $97 and as I said we could have fed more people.  If you too four people you could get two entrees and everyone would leave full and probably have left overs.  We would have loved to try dessert but alas, we had no room left,
4 Food is amazing! Family style and tasty. Save room for the Titanic---my son wanted to make sure that was added!
4 I was here as part of a bachelor party, so my experience was admittedly a little different than normal. We were seated in a large room at the back of the restaurant so we could be as loud as we wanted without disturbing the rest of the guests.  The service was excellent. The manager made sure to put on the UCLA game we had all bet on and though we had only one server taking care of our party of fifteen, she kept the drinks flowing.  The courses of Caesar salad, rigatoni and chicken parmigiana were each very solid and delivered in huge portions. Chocolate torta for dinner capped off a great night. Overall, a very satisfying experience.
5 We had our reception here for our wedding.  It was a small affair, only 20ish people, but all of them kept telling me how the food was just awesome. One guy kept saying that he'd never had such great food at a wedding reception.  The food and the service were outstanding.  If you are considering an event in Las Vegas, I highly recommend this place.  Tara made me feel comfortable about the arrangements and the waitstaff was superb. I never stressed about things being done well.
5 Attended a very large gathering upstairs. All of the food was very good and the service was constant and attentive.
4 Huge plates of fantastic tasting Italian food!  I love Carmines.
1 Was here last night for a bachelorette party.  We had pre-selected our dinner items but I decided to order a round of drinks for our table of 10-- big mistake as this took over 30 minutes for them bring our drinks out and when they did they only brought 9.  I immediately let our server know and it then took an additional 20 minutes to get the other drink after we had already 30 minutes and for them to not bring enough is unacceptable.  These drinks were to have been for our dinner toast which they now ruined because by the time the last drink was brought over everyone was done eating.  When I complained to both the sever and a manager they told me they would see what they could do but the delay was because they only had 1 bartender.....the manager sent over green shots for our table and proceeded to charge me full price for our 10 cocktails at $14 per drink.  At $140 bucks our drinks should have all come out at the same time and not taken 40 minutes---epic fail and total buzz kill will not return.
1 Decided to give this place a try....First, let me say the bartenders could use a bit more personality.  With that said, we ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich and was told it was big enough for 2.  Well, yes it was, but was no larger than a large Subway.  the sauce was acidy and very spicy. Not hot spicy, but spicy.  SALTY as well.  The salad that came with it would have been much better with just a simple oil and vinegar dressing with pepper and salt.  The dressing was piled on it, making the lettuce soggy.  I think it was comprised of some sort of soured cream and lemon mixture. and SALT once again.  We each had one glass of wine and the bill was a staggering 46.00 with tip.  I could have gone to Russo's for a much better sandwich, for a lot less. Nope, won't be going back.  Too many other better places here in Vegas, on and off strip.
4 A very good family style Italian restaurant.   Make reservations.  No matter what, you will order too much.  That being said, try at least one salad, the meatballs, and any pasta dish.  We had ravioli and a seafood bonanza with angel hair pasta.  It had lobster, calamari, mussels and clams.  Would definitely come here again.
1 Terrible service from everyone.  Food was bland and average. Waited forever. Not worth the money. Not by half.
5 This was my first experience dining in at Carmine's.  I did try the cheesecake at there DC location but only as carry out. As far as the Vegas location, we received a warm greeting upon entry. We sat at the bar and both bartenders were attentive and engaging. We ordered and the food and drinks were fabulous. The portions are huge for the price. I left very satisfied. I definitely will be returning and recommend to any that haven't been.
4 I loved the style of the restaurant. It had a New York/ Mob style to it. It was beautiful..... I ordered the shrimp scampi and all the plates are for 2 or more people. ( they are huge portions) I also had a pineapple mojito and it was delicious! Will definitely be back because I want to try some more of their food....which sounded amazing.
5 By far one if the best chicken dishes I have ever had.  The waiter Jeff was extremely good in helping us pick our dish.  This place is simply fantastic.  I don't understand why it is not a 4.5 star on yelp.
5 We had a great time Carl was awesome scenery great and menu also outstanding-enough food for 4 more. A credit to the NY location.
3 Enjoyed our meal at Carmine's. Good for a large group of people.  Portions were very large (one dish feeds 4-6 people) and service was great. Byanka was wonderful. We ordered:  Caesar Salad Calamari Bolognese Meat Sauce Penne Alla Vodka Shrimp Fra Diavolo Angel Hair Marinara with Meatballs Cannoli Cheesecake  The penne and calamari were the best options. Shrimp Fra Diavolo was my least favorite.  Definitely get the cheesecake. The cannoli left something to be desired. It was coated in chocolate and sprinkled with pistachios.  Located in the Forum shops in Caesar's.  Average dish price:  $35
4 This is a great place for family style portions.  We ordered the shrimp scampi and were asked if we wanted pasta.  I thought it would come with pasta, but whatever. We opted to get the pasta and were so glad we did.  If we hadn't gotten the pasta, we would have just gotten about 12 big lonely shrimp on a plate.  The food was very good, but the service was pretty slow.  It took about five minutes for our waitress to come to our table to take our drink order.  They have these oversized shot glasses for your water, which I thought was odd but maybe it is to prevent spilling when patrons reach across the table to get more food.  It is a big pricey, but you do get a lot of food, and we were able to take home leftovers and eat on it the next day.  It wasn't as good as the day before, but it was still pretty tasty.
5 Big portions and excellent service by Mike P.  His introduction of items on the menu was very helpful.  He knows his stuff! We will be back again!
4 I'd heard of Carmine's in New York so when they opened a location in the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, I really wanted to give them a try. From what I can tell they did a pretty good job of faithfully recreating the look and feel of the New York location. We arrived fairly late into the evening so things were very quiet inside which was actually kind of nice. If you're unaware, Carmine's is a family style restaurant which means the portions are HUGE because it's intended for you to share with others at your table. I ordered their chicken parmesan and my wife decided to go with their basic spaghetti. Both were pretty good! They're a few steps above a chain in terms of quality. With the massive portions and the above average taste I think this equals a solid effort. We'd definitely go back the next time we're out in Vegas.
1 Extremely disappointing. Slow and unprofessional service with a 1/8 filled Resturant. All of the hot dishes came out cold or lukewarm. Very limited liquor choices. Certainly not like their New York Resturants.
3 The food is delicious. The food is served family style, so as long as everyone at the table likes the same food, this place is perfect! We only ordered a pasta, chicken parm, and a side of meatballs and still had plenty to take home.  The 3-star rating is because of the service. I'm not joking when I say we had to ask our server for water 7 times and bread 5 times. These servers either need fewer tables per section to provide better service, or they need to hire servers with better memories and multi-tasking abilities.  The wait was reasonable for a Thursday night as well, not extremely quick, but not so long that it was annoying. I think we arrived at 6:30 and got sat at 6:45 at the lastest.
3 Came here with a large group to celebrate a birthday and we were seated upstairs. We were seated about 30 minutes after our originally scheduled reservation which was a little bit off-putting, but we were greeted warmly by a waiter as soon as we were seated.  We ordered several salads and fried calamari, all of which were tasty. We also ordered several pasta dishes, none of which were that impressive in my opinion, with the exception of the meatballs which were pretty delicious.  I tried a couple of their blended drinks and was very underwhelmed and disappointed, especially since this a restaurant located in Vegas.  Overall, the portions are big, the prices are high and the food is decent, but nothing to write home about.
5 My husband and I came here for dinner while on a long weekend in Vegas! We shared a seafood pasta (waiter recommended linguini). It was AMAZING! One of the best we've ever had! Service was great and so was the atmosphere! We have also visited the one in NY and this one is comparable. They serve draft IPA which is a huge plus for my husband. Looks like a great place if you go with a large group as well.
1 Absolutely unprofessional and appalling service. Went Saturday night with my boyfriend and 7 of his guy friends for their bachelor party. I arrived late after they ordered, which is no big deal but we didn't get our food for an hour and 15 minutes. RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!! Which, I get ticket times can get out of hand, but come up to the table and apologize at least. We asked our server for the manager, a 30ish year old black man who came to the table and didn't say sorry at all but decided to cast the blame on me because I apparently wanted all the food to come out at once. Excuse me, I wasn't even present when they ordered! And he preceded to embarrass me in front of all these men I just met. Needless to say, I was shocked but I pulled him aside to tell him how patronizing and belittling he made me feel and set him straight that I wasn't even there when they ordered so his lame excuse as to why our food took forever wasn't even accurate and was a bit pathetic to blame the only girl at the table-- sexist.   Anyways, he told our table he would take care of some of the bill. We ate the mediocre and cold food and waited for the bill, which the host gave us. We realized nothing was taken off as previously promised. Upset, we asked for the manager again to discuss the matter and the host proceeded to call security on us. So uncalled for and rude. I will NEVER eat there again, and all of us agree that this place is utterly terrible and completely unprofessional. I hope they shut down because there are so many better places to eat in Las Vegas who actually know how to give customer service! Stay away, far away!  P.S. All the guys were mad they didn't have alfredo sauce... And they're an Italian restaurant.... Unheard of!
5 If you want a massive meal at a great price with awesome high quality food, come here. ... And ask for the server, Carl. He is the best!!!
4 4 1/2 stars. Don't confuse this location with the Carmine's in Henderson there is no association what so ever. Located in the Forum Shops this family style mega restaurant can feed 800 people on two floors of dinning space!  I brought clients for lunch and was so impressed that my upline and I entertained  clients for another business luncheon. We enjoyed stuffed mushrooms, mixed green salad, lasagna, chicken parmesan, and rigatoni with broccoli and sausage. For dessert we tried enjoyed the Italian cheesecake for 4 - wow!. At both luncheons our clients were impressed with the food and we had exceptional service from the two different waiters we experienced.  I would definitely recommend Carmine's and arrive hungry!
4 Great food! Hubby and I shared a Caesar salad with shrimp and penne alla vodka. Delicious!  You cannot get penne alla vodka in the LA area, so this brought me back to my days in Little Italy of the Bronx while in college. Food was fresh and good. Best Caesar salad I have ever eaten (you must order it with anchovies!). I recommend eating at the bar. The food is family style. In the restaurant portions feed 4-6, but the bar portions feed 2-3. Bread was good, especially the onion bread! I don't eat pasta often, but this is worth breaking your diet. Big bonus....peroni on draft! We will be back for sure! I'm already craving the Caesar salad!
4 I could see myself eventually giving this place 5 stars. It's overpriced, but if you know me, I don't mind spending extra on stellar food. Please, read on to see why it's only a 4, maybe 4.5 star review.  My boyfriend and I went here on a random trip to the Forum Shops due to the closing of one of my favorite stores. I have been lucky enough to dine at the Carmine's in NYC, so I had high expectations.  First off, the dishes are huge, and if you are not familiar with Italian food, get ready to do some smart phone googling. There is no explanation of the food on the menu, which is also plastered all over the wall. Classic, homestyle, dishes served in portions enough for 3-4 people. We decided on the chicken scallopini, spaghetti and meatballs, and roasted peppers and mozzarella. We easily had enough food for, four, hungry people. The meatballs were melt in your mouth good, and gave grandma a run for her money. The chicken was beaten super thin and had the most succulent lemon glaze. I would honestly pass on the cheese and peppers again. The mozzarella was indeed fresh, but the peppers needed more. They were just cold and bland. Next time, I will go for the zucchini, I kept drooling watching it be served to others.  The only downfall was the service. Little things like not telling us the refills on the lemonade aren't free, or keeping the water full. The lady who was our server was clearly still in training, but I won't lie, I don't think shell make the cut.  She seemed confused on why two people ordered 3 dishes. I hate when people question how much we order. It happens too often, maybe we just eat too much.   On that note, I will give this place another shot, when I have about 4-6 others with me. Any takers?
3 Food was good! Huge portions-definitely for sharing! Service was attentive! Reasonable prices!   This restaurant is worth a try....
3 I used to love Carmine's in NYC.  As a college student, and an Italian, it was a treat eating at Carmine's in the City.  The portions were HUGE and the food was delicious.  However, going to Carmine's in Las Vegas was not the Carmine's I remember.  We ordered a few appetizers.  The stuffed mushrooms were probably 4 stars, while the mozzarella and tomatoes were at 3.  For entrees we ordered Penne alla Vodka (4 stars), Angel Hair and shrimp (2 stars), and Chicken Parm (3 stars).  The Penne was al dente and the sauce was good.  That is the only dish I would recommended. I love all parm dishes (chicken parm, veal parm, eggplant parm).  However, this one was OK. The chicken was tender, but the cheese was not melted throughout the piece of chicken.  While the edges were nicely melted, the center of the pieces still had unmelted cheese.   With so many restaurants in Vegas, I don't know if I'll be back to Carmine's.  For italian food, there are def better choices.
4 Good flavors, huge portions, had family of 6 and could not do 3 dishes.  Decent value, mixed seafood pasta $50 that had tons of fresh seafood including a whole lobster.  Kids killed the lobster, dad gets squid.  Kitchen a little slow to get plates out.  Server was busy flirting with hostess but kids liked him so I could not deny decent tip.
1 I've been to Carmine's with a large group and was pretty excited about the whole family style thing they had going on. I was so disappointed with it. The food was far from good and the restaurant was overpriced for what it was. I was served overly salty plates, burnt broccolis and overcooked pastas. The price made it that much worst, as I had much better food for a lot less on that trip (come on... It's Vegas! There is good food in that city). My one star goes to the service, that was pretty decent.  If you are looking for good food in Vegas, skip on that one.
