4 This place is pretty good. Decent price and tasty food, from what I've had so far. I recommend the carne asada California style burrito.
5 Good service, good food, and great menu.   By far better than Don Pedro's down the street.  Come here quite often and every time food and service is great .
3 Close to the house which is great. But the service there lags big time. And the girl at the counter I've been helped by several times has absolutely ZERO personality.  I'm not impressed with the way they prepare their chicken. Carne asada is decent, breakfast burritos are great especially the chorizo.  Nice hours of operation, and the store is always clean.
4 The food is great every time we eat here.  Something for everyone in the family.   Huge portions for a great price.
2 Blah, it is a ok place, rice is not my favorite, same as filbertos but fillis rice is way better.
2 I'm use to the Favritos in Chandler and Scottsdale. This is Favritos isn't so good. 3 visits and each time I'm disappointed. Payed for food and drinks, so I set food down on table and go back to the cashier to ask for my drinks and she asked if I paid?? Really, I just gave you my money and you handed me my food.....really?? Argue with me some more.... The food was ok and isn't up to the quality of the other Favritos.
4 Tried this place for the first time today.  Fast, friendly service, good prices, & great tasting food!    We got a shredded beef burrito and a carnitas burrito (also shredded).  Both were fantastic and chocked full of meat... just the way we like it. :)  We will definitely be back.... soon!
4 I love the food, i go very often, much better than Filiburtos and prices are great. The only issue is Ill go for lunch and get great tacos, filled with alot of cheese and lettuce and full. At Dinner, they are lacking and they taste and look like Filiburtos tacos. So change of cooks.
4 I've been here twice and both times it was good. I love the rolled tacos covered in Guac. I have also tried the super nachos and boy were they filling.
3 On good days their great on bad days, yuck. Wish they can be consistent!
4 We come to this location often for breakfast,  lunch & dinner. Unlike some of the other reviews posted, food has always been consistent,  hot (which is one of my review hot buttons), price point is good, portion is great. We started coming for the breakfast chorizo burrito recently when Starbucks dinky expensive and chilled center sandwich straw broke the camels back.  This breakfast burrito is huge & can be shared depending on who is sharing. I took off 1 star because the coffee is not kept up,  sits cooking in a pot. Not recommended for the coffee.  Starbucks should stick to coffee,  not food, Los should stick to the food not coffee.  Enjoy here very much!
5 I don't know exactly what it is about this place.  It certainly doesn't offer much in ambience or service,  and the menu is not gourmet in any sense,  but it simply consists of great Mexican food - and there is just no way of getting around it.  Simple, inexpensive,  filling, reliable, and addictive.   What more can you ask for?
4 Machaca plate is my favorite! Taste fresh and delicious every time! Churro for dessert and a glass bottled coke to drink! It's enough for me two get two meals from.
