5 Been to Angelina's once since they've opened... I was more than pleasantly surprised..! I ordered Fry Bread and it was pipping hot and ready to eat in less than 4 minutes, I could not have asked for a better Fry Bread... it was exactly what I had hoped for, amazingly fresh and there was enough that I could have split it with my lady and been satisfied...instead I ate it all and was stuffed.._  I also had a large Horchata de Arroz (Rice Drink) that was made from scratch (not a mix) that was extraordinarily good, so good I went for a refill and to my surprise refills of Horchata's are gratis..! I will be going back very soon... btw, this Joint is a no frills kinda place, not fancy, and at the same time very clean...which makes it my kinda Joint...
5 AMAZING FOOD , GREAT SERVICE, GREAT ATMOSPHERE......love love love it!!!! If you're looking for some kickass frybread....THIS IS IT GUYS...LOOK NO FURTHER ....I savored every bite, and almost finished the salsa (red salsa) ...it was amazingly delish!!!! It's too bad it's a little out of my way so i had to drive a little further but it was so worth the drive, and very filling.
5 These other reviews are spot on.   Atmosphere: Very casual and clean. 3 or 4 TV's hanging on the wall that they will change to whatever channel you are looking to watch. There is outdoor seating which is nice with this amazing AZ weather coming up. It's in a strip mall type of place so the view isn't great but they have it available at least. The capacity is 50 max so it's a small place. It has never been crowded when I've been in but I hear rush hour lunch can get a little crazy. A true bonus is their candy counter. I'm talking old school candy. Wax Lips, Wax Fangs candy necklaces, Razzles, candy cigarettes, Cherry Cocktails, Big Hunks, and loads of Mexican candies. My daughter loves this place just for the candy counter. (she loves the food too but she is a sweets phine)  Food: Their fry bread is hands down the best fry bread in AZ. Some of their toppings are green chile, red chile, beans, shredded chicken, shredded beef, cinnamon, honey, powdered sugar, etc. Absolutely delicious. If you are aren't human and fry bread isn't your thing, they also have burritos, chimis, tacos, tostadas, tamales, and menudo on the weekends. The dishes I've had have not been greasy, overcooked, or bland; which is what you find at most Mexican restaurants that attempt this type of restaurant. Their menu is simple but ample. They have horchata too! NOT the Ole' Jose crap stuff but real homemade sweet creamy horchata. Seriously, it's a little gritty which translates to amazing horchata. I have always been disappointed in Carolina's because they don't have homemade horchata but I'M SO GLAD I FOUND A PLACE THAT DOES.  Service: AWESOME. There are always two guys there; one I'm assuming is the owner if not both of them. They are incredibly friendly and by the time you are done paying with a debit card, your food is waiting in the pickup area. Oh! That reminds me...the "pickup area" is stocked with everything you need. Cinnamon, honey, Nutella, Sriacha, salsa, powdered sugar, and other common condiments and supplies. They will come clear your plate from your table if you are dining in and ask if you need a refill or two. They are total sweethearts.   Support your local economy and small businesses. This place is definitely worth keeping around. Go Angelina's!
5 My husband and I LOVE this place.  Everything is delicious.   So much food for such a great price.  I love the enchiladas.  Even the fry bread bean and cheese taco is delicious!  Go here, it's great.
3 Ordered green chili burrito, enchilada style. What can I say, I should have stuck with the main item in this place, fried bread, but I had a craving for green chili meat, nice and stewed. Too bad I didn't satisfy the craving here. The green chili was way too mushy (maybe too much flour in the sauce?) and it had only small pieces of meat, I had to fork around trying to find them.  My wife ordered the chicken enchiladas, she liked the red sauce, solid flavor, chicken was shredded and tasty. My aunt ordered the combo plate of green chili: she liked the refried beans and rice, huge flour tortilla, but she had the same opinion of the green chili,   mushy and not enough meat. My aunt did say she had previously tried the fried bread and thought those were great. The place itself was super clean, nicely decorated for the holidays, service was fast and friendly. Based on the cleanliness and excellent service, I'll definitely try it again for the fried bread.
5 I now have been back many times and my love for this Joint is steadfast... I've now ventured beyond the Fry Bread and still my 5 star rating remains...  Please patronize Angelina's, don't let the Ma & Pa Joints we love falter...we NEED to support our favorite independent local establishments...
4 Good fry bread and Mexican food. Though not up to par with the Fry Bread House it's very tasty and certainly worth a stop while on the area.
5 This place is amazing in every way.  Their Indian Fry Bread is the best I've ever had and the prices are great!  Not only does the food make us continue to return but the owner is such a sweet, friendly man and makes you feel at home.  He enjoys customers coming in and loves talking with them.  I love that he is a native as well.  To top it off, my mother in law is super picky about Mexican food and she absolutely loved this place.  She is already planning her next visit back.  Now you know it's good if she going back!
5 Hands down best frybread I ever had! It was cooked to perfection but they also have a ton of other options to choose from like menudo on weekends, posole, chimichangas, burritos, and it's also a candy store at the register. The customer service here is what most impressed me though. It seems to be a family run place and the kids were SO respectful and hardworking (you never find that anywhere anymore) and the guy who took my order was kind as well. The setting was Adorable with real flowers as center pieces on every table. Great place, it just became my  favorite place in Arizona. Can't wait to go back!
4 Not sure if it was luck or the norm, but if you're hungry and want it fast, then this is the place to eat.  Hot, fresh and tasty sums it up pretty well.  Even my kid ate all his food, and that rarely happens.  The place is clean and modern looking, with a throw back to the past with their candy section.  The only thing that wasn't to my preference was the salsa, the heat was there but a little too tangy for me.   Had the red chili open face Navajo taco, and it was the bomb diggity!  Finished off the meal with their sopapilla, covered it with powdered sugar and honey, and it hit the spot.  We will be back for sure, might be the place to go on a Sunday after church.  It wasn't too busy on a Friday evening, which was good for us, but not for them.  They do have other things on the menu, so if you're not a fan of fry bread fan, try something else.  Give it a try, I think you'll enjoy!
4 This is the best Frybread place I have had in a long time.  It's a bit heavy on the stomach but it is "Fry" bread.   I would say that though the food is good it's not the most accommodating place for kids.  The tables and their arrangement make it difficult to bring the family with you.  It's worth trying though!
5 Best Fry Bread I've had in a long time! Plus the restaurant was clean and the food was delivered quick and all the staff was very friendly. I will definitely be going again.
5 This place is located in the Fry's parking lot on 51st and Olive. Don't let that fool you. We came in and it is clean and the staff welcoming. It was our first time so we took a minute to look at the menu. We ordered the open face carne asada supreme and 2 of the frybread tacos one with shredded beef and one with carne asada.  By the time we paid the food was on the counter for pickup and the dinning began. The food was excellent. The frybread did not get soggy and stayed crisp throughout. The salsa came in a squirt bottle which was perfect for squirting onto there crispy chips. The food was so much my daughter couldn't finish but that's ok since my husband was enjoying the food enough to finish hers off. I must say I was impressed and happy that yelp had not steered us wrong. We will be back.
5 Excellent food. The service was fast. The employees were nice and helpful. Clean clean and clean. My husband and I are happy we are here today what a treat. We had the fry bread taco with red sauce and I had the chimichanga with green sauce rice and beans. We ended up getting a fry bread with honey and powder sugar to go. This is the place to go! Yumm!!
5 Red enchiladas or a bean and cheese burrito smothered in red sauce.   This is almost the perfect Mexican restaurant.  The salsa taste a little vinagery..  And is not hot. If they changed that this would be my dream restaurant. Pickles and lime salt..this family is after my own heart.   I'm said is so far away from me..but I'll defiantly be driving over here every week:)
4 Wife thought it would be fun to stop in here for dessert last night and they didn't disappoint. We only got a plain fry bread and drizzled honey on it. It was fantastic. Service was good and the place was very clean. We sat on the patio. My only complaint was the smell outside, it wasn't to pleasant. The odor appeared to be coming from storm drain. Not their fault.
5 Delicious food and great candy selection... I love this place!
