3 I spent the holidays in Arizona with the wife's family. When I found out they had a UFC nearby, I got excited! I thought to myself, "This could be great! A solid workout while on vacation!"  Ya know, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed when I walked in. I was expecting a full size gym, like the one at home in Torrance. But I was already committed and I wasn't going to go looking around town for a full size gym. Plus, the staff was extremely welcoming and enthusiastic. Make no mistake, I was there for the weight room. I'm not into MMA, Tae Bo, Pilates or Crossfit or other trendy gibberish; just pushin weight.   So when I saw that they had a weight room that was better suited for a hotel fitness center, I found myself kind of bummed! But the more I thought about it, they had everything that I really needed. Back to basics! So I worked out there for the week and had a really good time. The staff was super friendly, the music was good, SportCenter was constantly on the flat screens, and the members were pumped about their gym. What looked to be a crappy gym week actually turned out nice!   What I didn't get what, what's up with all the wasted space? They could easily fit 9-10 more machines in there. Why not make that place a real gym? And finish the Octagon!  See you next time!
1 I was offered a class for free and here and it is not worth it! I came to workout not to be forced into trying to buy a membership. I did a month to month membership and then they tried to say I did a year membership and tried tacking on a whole lot of fees! Do not go here unless you plan on paying a lot of money out of your pocket. Go to a regular gym or a place that will let you do an actual month to month - If I could I would give zero stars. As the other reviewer states this gym is way below par..
4 I tried a kickboxing class- they offer your first one free, they then gave me a free 2 week pass.  The staff was very friendly and the people attending were a good diverse group people of varied fitness levels w/ the majority being women.  The class I attended was kickboxing on a Monday at noon.  It was a great workout & music that fit in really well.    Another reviewer commented on all the empty space and that they should fill it w/ more equipment.  However, this space is used during different phases of the classes taking place so that actually makes sense.  But when you first walk in you do feel like it is kind if empty so I can see why that was mentioned - but it is actually a good thing & all of the things one actually NEEDS to get in / stay in shape are there.    The only thing that I could suggest is the option of mats for the floor work portion of class.  Also, the gloves they gave me were kinda stinky... I would suggest buying/ bringing your own .   Overall, I plan to go back- it has what you need & seems more friendly & less boring than the usual /typical gym.
