5 Hands down, the best place to shop for your pet anywhere in the country...believe me, I have looked in pet stores everywhere my travels take me to!    The owners, Tony & Vince, make the experience so enjoyable.  They truly get to know you and your pet and make recommendations that are always spot on.  They have the most unique items from clothing, jewelry, toys, beds etc.  Everything we buy for our dog, Lily, comes from Mackie's Parlour.  I love that they gave her a VIP card too...guess that means we buy a lot there!  Trust me, you must check this place out if you are a pet owner...totally worth your time and money!
5 This was my first time here. I went in a couple weeks ago to buy a gift for a friend. The two owners were quick to greet me, and to spend quality time learning about my needs and what kind of gift I was looking to get for my friend's dog. The shop seemed to have really unique, nice items. What made me want to write a review was how personable and friendly the two men were that helped me.
5 This is the best pet boutique I have found in Scottsdale. The owners are so nice and helpful. They have great products and the best selection of dog treats I have ever seen in one place, fresh doggie ice cream!  jerky made in PV, Stella and Chewy, gourmet cookies, gourmet cupcakes, and so much more.   Cute clothing for the tiny dogs, nice dishes, leads, collars, pet tags, and great toys.  Vince and Tony are the nicest shop owners ever and so helpful!  This is where everyone in Scottsdale with pets should shop.  I'm so glad I found the store!
5 I have to agree - the guys that run this store are top notch. They clearly love what they do and who they do it for: their little four legged friends.  They are passionate about pets and the products they carry for them, nothing but the best! And that's not necessarily only the highest cost, there's a wide range of items from food & treats to leashes/collars to travel items.  Very unique gift selections, also.  I was hooked the first time I entered here, as was my pup who got treated to the must plush and efficient car seat a pampered and SAFE pooch could ever want for traveling! The owners were more than happy to show me how to install it and remove the covering for easy cleaning.  Worth the first and follow up trips.
