5 Barfitness is AMAZING.  It's location is slightly hidden away... if you go north down 90th street, pass the stop sign and turn in to the first shopping center parking lot on the right side of the street, it's a little farther down north in unit #8.  The studio is upstairs in a HUGE beautiful, clean, and bright room with lots of large open windows and views of Camelback Mountain.  The owner of the studio is the best their is and puts a whole new spin on barre classes.  She uses many of the same techniques as Daily Method and Pure Barre, however, she adds in what she likes to call "bursts" which are quick segments of cardio to get your heart rate up and your blood flowing.  This studio is also very different from others because they teach and correct you on how to perform the moves in perfect form so your strengthening your muscles the right way and getting the most out of your workout.  This studio give lots of feedback and help from the instructors and is very personal, which I like!  If you are new to barre classes I would recommend going to one of Linda's (the owner) classes because she is the best at correcting form and you get a good idea of what her studio's bar classes are all about.  If you are more advanced go to Jeanie's class, I GUARANTEE she will kick your butt and leave your muscles shaking like jello after class... love it!  I definitely recommend Barfitness to anyone new to the barre classes or experienced barre class groupies looking to take their workout to the next level.  This studio offers beginning classes and much harder mixed level classes then most studios. Try this studio out and trust me you will see the results... quickly! :)
5 Barfitness is great! I've been coming for years and still love coming everyday. Everyone is friendly, and the workout is amazing. You can completely see your body begin to tone once you start coming. Love love love!
5 The Online Certification is Amazing!!! This workout is so great!!!  I have a lot of strength and any workout that can challenge me and actually make my leg shake is tops!!  I feel challenged, engaged and have a great time!   Linda's knowledge is so vast and the way she conveys it to you for the Level 1 portion is excellent.  I cannot get enough of her teaching!!  I am having a great time and learning a great deal.   I would recommend Linda's Online program to anyone!!!  I will definitely have anyone that wants to work at my studio go through Linda's program. Rebecca L.
5 Best barre classes in the valley! I've been a member for over a year now and I have drastically increased in strength and flexibility and have changed the shape of my body in a way no other exercise ever has.   I have a diastasis rectii ( abdominal muscle separation) that remained after my last pregnancy. This is the only studio where I can safely exercise my core and has given me FLAT abs after two previous c sections!!!
5 I was looking for a studio to help me maintain & tone while being pregnant. I love the Barfitness!  They have become my second home. Ladies, if you're looking to have fun, get in shape & lose inches, look no further & head into the Barfitness. They always  have great specials too!
5 I was looking for a studio to help me maintain & tone while being pregnant. I love the Barfitness!  They have become my second home. Ladies, if you're looking to have fun, get in shape & lose inches, look no further & head into the Barfitness. They always  have great specials too!
