1 hair dye all over my face and hands shampoo in my eyes when she washed my hair answered her cell phone 4 times in the middle of my cut color. i couldve done a better job dying my hair myself. messed up a simple trim. avoid!
1 Used living social voucher for haircut, color.  Arrived 15 minutes early and waited another 20 minutes before Veronica came to me.  She asked me if I was having color done.  When we went over the color chart, she was directing me in another direction of what I wanted.  Then proceeded to tell me my hair was long and would be an additional charge.  I informed her the voucher did not state anything about being additional for long hair.  She asked Rocio "she has long hair, it would be additional?  Rocio responded "figure it out".  Veronica went on to say it would be $20 to color, as the hair is long.  Even though I was having it cut below the shoulder.  I didn't have waist length hair, by far.  I told her I wasn't paying an additional fee and walked out.
1 I just left this place in tears! Literally! I have never been so disappointed in my life over a hair cut!   First of all, the hispanic lady (she never introduced herself & i didn't ask her name either) that cut my hair was very unprofessional. She was talking spanish on her ear piece almost the whole time. But that didn't really bother me too much. I just figure, maybe she is the owner since her picture is also on the website (no names to be found on there either). Therefore, she can talk on the phone & there is no one else to tell her otherwise. Even so, is that unprofessional? Yes! On top of that, her two teenage kids were there the entire time & what kind of example is she setting for them?!   I asked for a simple trim, which she did but she added shorter layers that i never had. She dyed my hair & i let her pick the color because I am not that picky. I just wanted my roots covered. I have dye on my face still & hope it comes off before I go out tomorrow because she never put a protective layer on my hairline/face before adding color. Go to any professional salon & they will put vaseline or whatever to protect your skin.   She then proceeded to blow dry my hair & decided to give me flipped out curls! My opinion, old lady style. No one my age wears their hair like that anymore. I am 28 but my asian genes make me look like I am atleast 18. As she was blow drying my hair she kept burning my face. That thing was on high heat! She did say sorry but she did it atleast 3 times! C'mon now!   I reminded her that I wanted side swept bangs. She obviously forgot. She didn't ask how short or long I wanted my bangs, she just chopped & chopped it too short! That is when I finally lost it! My patience came to an end. I told her that it does not look right & she tried to fix it but didn't know how. Common sense: cut off less & work from there. Do not cut off too much because after that, you can't magically grow bangs. She cut the starting point above my eyebrows.  She gave me attitude and asked if I was going to pay. I did but left no tip! My cousin said I shouldn't have even paid but I am not like that. Atleast one positive came out of this & that is that my roots are covered.    I would never return, ever! I suggest you pick a more professional salon with actual professionals. There are plenty of better places to choose from especially in Vegas!   This is also my first review, my experience was so horrible that I feel I should help warn you guys & save yourself the tears, money & bad hair style!
2 I have now gone there 3 times and was done by the owner.  The cut was OK...I never worry too much about the cut...it will grow....and she took my Living Social coupon and charged accordingly but 2nd time way more...so did not tip....then went for color with a coupon for a $55 highlight...she changed $100 (no cut) I paid but no tip...3rd time, cut and touch up....$165....dye on my face...my hair looked a mess...the color was way bad...and the last one faded and thank goodness this one did too....every time she either forgot to be there for my appointment or forgot to right it down....there will be no 4th time...am I just stupid or patient????  Back to my previous hairdresser...she was always on time and fun and cute....I could live with her hair cuts and I am sure her color skills have gotten better and her price is always the same and reasonable...WHAT WAS I THINKING....????    ps...I would say who my old one is but then she would be too busy and start charging more...sorry Jess
5 I love MYSalon.  my color and cut is always wonderful.  I would never consider going any place else. She is lays on time I never have to wait. It's clean and the staff is always friendly!
1 Terrible! I bought a groupon a while back & was sooo disappointed! First the lady that cut hair was awkward & unprofessional. She had the roughest hands with my hair & kept getting me behind the ear with the comb. The groupon was for cut & style but she acted like she was done after the cut so I had to remind her of the style. She definitely didn't want to do it because she half assed blow dried my hair & when I asked for nice loose relaxed curls, she briefly went over with a straightener & added a couple curls here & there. It was frizzy & a mess. I went home & fixed it myself.   I'm not one to be dramatic about hair. When I go for a haircut, I usually say just a trim but go with what you feel. I get tired of the same thing again & again. But this place was terrible.   Pretty sure the 5star reviews on here are from the employees there themselves. Reviewing this place is their only review & there's no way anyone got 5star service from here.
