5 I have seen numerous performances by magicians and mentalists over the years and your act ranks right up there with the best of them!  I look forward to you entertaining my team again at our next corporate function.   Jay Luber President Galaxy Lending Group
5 Brett adds a whole new dimension to the party! A true entertainer, skilled mentalist & magician! Had a great time seeing his act this past Sunday. Hire him for your next event, he will not disappoint and your guests will love it!
5 Brett is amazing. You must hire him for your next event. Very personable and professional. Tricks will blow your mind!! Being a former Talent Executive for HBO scouting the country for the best talent, I have seen practically every magician and mentalist in the country and Brett is one of the best I have seen. He deserves his own show. :)
5 I have had the pleasure of witnessing Brett's abilities first hand and must say - THEY ARE UNBELIEVABLE!!!  As someone who prides myself on being able to 'figure out' how most things work in the "magic world" I am absolutely stumped at those he's has in his repertoire.   He is a class act and very personable.  These attributes, along with his amazing skill set, are a perfect recipe for anyone looking to hire an entertainer.  If your in the market to do so I highly recommend him. You'll be Amazed!!!
5 Brett came and entertained guests in our home for a Halloween party. He was so personable and really blew people away with his performances. Our guests are still talking about how amazing he was and days have passed since our party. He definitely made the party memorable and we would highly recommend him for any event you have planned, he will definitely more than entertain your group, he will keep them guessing days later on how he does it! We all loved it!
5 Brett is simply awesome!  He performed at our company holiday party and we were so blown away that we hired him for our sons birthday party.  We have an interesting family dynamic and Brett made everyone feel right at home.  His professionalism is second to none!  He has charisma, he's very relevant and his tricks will blow your mind!  If you want to have some fun at your next party or corporate event I would highly recommend Brett!
5 Brett did an amazing job at our work holiday party. The party was outdoors on a hotel pool deck and he was able to "work the crowd" in a challenging setup and made sure everyone was entertained. He was an absolute pleasure to work with and people are still talking about what a great guy he was.  I have nothing but good things to say.  You will not be disappointed!
5 Brett is amazing! I dont know how he does what he does but he is highly skilled and an amazing and fun performer. He performed for our son's first birthday party recently. It was the perfect thing for a one year old party, considering most of the guests were adults. I highly recommend him for any party or event. He captivates the audience and I must say everyone was mesmorized by his abilites.  I would absolutely use him again and will also like to add that he is extremely professional and easy to work with!
5 What a wonderful night we had with Brett! Our event went off without a hitch, and everyone enjoyed the show. He was great with our group making sure everyone was included. His professionalism was so refreshing Brett was working I was able to sit back and watch my guest be amazed! If this is an act you are thinking about...BOOK HIM !!!  You will not be disappointed
