1 Okay selection and even poorer customer service. Came here on my brother's last night in Las Vegas before heading to the airport to pick up some last-minute gifts for family and friends back home. There was a sale going on or had previously gone on from 4th of July so clothing was strewn about with no real organization. No one greeted us as we came into the store. The selection was just okay, it was an outlet, so I didn't expect anything new.   My brother had a few items he wanted to try on, so he asked a sales associate for a dressing room. After he came out, she asked him how it fit, and he responded that he would need a larger size. The sales associate just walked away, without any word or even an offer to find a different size.  Stuff in tow, we waited in line to pay at the register. The associate at the front was almost done with the transaction with the customer, and then the customer asked him about selling a brand of shoes. No big, it shouldn't be long now. Then they proceeded to have a full-on conversation about this brand of shoes with guests still waiting in line to check out items. None of the sales associates came over to open a new line until about 15 minutes later when the line had formed with some other groups. It was the same sales associate my brother had an encounter with previously. She was very rude; throwing each article of clothing into the shopping bag without folding it, as well as the receipt.  My brother worked previously in sales and knows how difficult it can be sometimes, but this day was not busy, and there was no reason for us to be treated the way we were. I will never return to this business again, and advise other Yelpers to shop here at your own discretion.
1 Just left this location. The red head is definitely not friendly and I guess the store picks & chooses when a military discount is applicable to their military customers. Which is weird because this store has always applied a military discount when a valid ID is presented.
3 Typical mall location of Pac Sun. Decent selection but could be much better. Numerous employees available to help but can get annoying with their pushy sales attitude (the same girl came up to me asking if she could help 10 times, I clearly didn't need help).   Got some good deals on t shirts though. Buy one get one half off when I was there. What really impressed me was the customer service when I asked if they had a shirt in medium. She checked in the back and couldn't find one. But she then checked online and found what I wanted in medium and for less. Good work from the Maui girl.
1 I work in retail, so I have higher expectations whenever I go shopping in a store that isn't where I work. I needed some cute tank tops and was also looking for shorts for the bf since it's like 110 degrees right now. They were having a BOGO 50% off the entire store so I decided to stop in after I got off work and check it out.   Ok first of all, what happened to their AC? It was super hot inside!!! I know sometimes AC units can crap out, but at least be apologetic about it. No one even acknowledged that it was  hot except for other customers.   Second, customer service was awful!! 2 girls were just in the corner talking and were trying to hide while on their phones. They just kept chatting it up while there was a huge pile of clothes on the floor about 3 feet away from them. When I walked by them to look at tank tops, neither one of them said hello. Another time I was there, this tall kid was just hanging out at the register not even talking to other customers. The little brunette cashier, I think she was the manager, was nice and rang me up.   The layout of the store was pretty awful too. Crap everywhere on the floor, hangers all tangled up with each other and stuff not even in the correct spots. I found a shirt in the clearance section but was also on one of their other tables. Like is it on clearance or not? Maybe of their sales associates weren't talking so much it wouldn't be that bad.   I stop in every now and then to check out any deals they may have, but I know that my experience is going to be bad.
