5 Just got a cruiser bike from here and love it! I wanted a white frame with pink wheels and a brown seat. When we first walked in, they didn't have it, but the owner was able to switch some things out and make it work.  He took a white frame that had blue stickers and took off the stickers for me. Then switched out the wheels for the pink ones I wanted and also switched out the white seat to the brown one.  Was exactly what I wanted!  Awesome service and bike selection at good prices.
5 Absolutely love this little place.  Support your local guys!  Nice bikes, wonderful customer service.
5 Absolutely the very best place to purchase a bicycle! Scott only sells quality merchandise, takes the time to carefully assemble each bike and personally fits that bike to your frame size for effortless riding pleasure. Please don't waste your time with a mega mart bicycle that may discourage you from all the great riding here in AZ. I called Scott after hours and he is available by appointment. Thank you Scott for our pretty new bikes!!! Bob Newsom
5 This is a great place to by your beach cruisers!! Very helpful and friendly. Made sure we were comfortable with everything. Making adjustments to fit our bikes to us. Prices are reasonable and they warranty the goods.
5 Amazing place to get your cruiser!!!! Deborah & Scott are helpful and super friendly!! My experience was great and I LOVE my bike!!!!
5 Just Love Arizona Wholesale Bikes. I recently returned to the store 3 months after my purchase and there was no problem getting my ajustments made. It was done in a timely matter and no charge. I did buy the LED lights and am so happy I came back for them. Thanks for the great service and keep up the good work.
4 best place to buy a bike in AZ.
5 Great bike selection and EXCELLENT customer service.  I went to 3 warehouse type locations and HANDS DOWN this place is the best (trust me, don't waste your time elsewhere).  The bike selection was great and all bikes were ready to test drive (one warehouse I went to the bikes were wrapped in plastic and the tires were flat - who buys a bike without being able to test drive it?!).  The customer service surpassed anyone else - very knowledgeable, helpful, patient and put all my accessories (that I purchased there - front/back light, cup holder, bike lock, basket, bike bell, and AWESOME colored lights for my wheels) right there in store.  I will be a repeat customer for sure.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5 We wouldn't go anywhere else! I bought my beach cruiser here, the owners switched out the seat for me and made sure height was correct. Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Support this local Gilbert business!
