5 Tamara is an AMAZING coach! I have had only a few of the sessions that I am planning to have with her but in each one I have had a breakthrough about how I look at my body and my health. She has helped me to figure out what changes I could make that would be easiest to implement while having the greatest impact on my feeling of health and energy and it IS WORKING!!! I am feeling a lot lighter around my health issues and I look forward to continuing down this path and feeling even more of the results I am already getting. She ROCKS!
5 Tamara's as good as they get.  I hired her for 3 months to help get me back on track with my eating and to improve some health issues I was facing.  Working with her was interesting and informative.  I always left our sessions feeling happy and motivated.  Tamara's smart and worked with me to create the perfect solutions for my problems.  I did make the changes needed and have continued them thanks to her.  Marguerite
5 Tamara is a phenomenal health coach. I have always considered myself "a healthy person," but deep down I knew I could be doing better--much better. I would often go for the unhealthy option when rushing, or stick with the familiar foods and habits even when I knew they were working against me. Tamara empowered me to be the change I wanted and helped me realize that I really do deserve the best for myself.  On top of all this, she has given me the gift of recognizing gratitude in my life. By this I mean she has helped me see how many wonderful things I have going for me, how many wonderful people I have in my life and how special these connections and memories are to me. This may seem simple, but in a world focused on wanting more and getting instant gratification constantly this skill of appreciating the beauty in your own life can be difficult.   After just a short time with Tamara, I walk taller, I feel more energized, I know what foods make me feel my best and I am finally beginning to know how to not only make my life the one I want, but also appreciate what it is today.  If you ever wondered what to do to take your life to the next level, Tamara's holistic approach will be the guiding light you need!  Thanks for everything Tam, I mean it!
