5 Enjoyed lunch at the new Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill this weekend! Smashing! Fun environment, great food...can't wait to go back to enjoy some evening entertainment!  Ask for Karissa when you go for great service and a winning smile!
1 You can tell they are newly open. I tried to contact a manager about a special event and twice I was told they were in a meeting. They took a message and no one returned my call. Showed up for dinner tonight 60 min prior to my party of 12 so we could get a table big enough. After 30 min I was told the table was ready. The hostess took us to a table for 6, not 12. Had to wait another 20 min to be sat in a booth for 8. They added 3 chairs and we had to cram the 12th in. Food took awhile and wasn't as good as the last time I had it in Mesa. Maybe there's just a learning curve. For a great Toby Keith's experience, make the drive to Mesa.
1 Huge disappointment!!!  Although there were over 25 waitresses, the service was subpar. They all congregated together in groups and gossiped. They all walked around like they were better than everyone else. Pork chops were overcooked and the mashed potatoes were dry. The management overstaffed the restaurant in hopes that the eye candy will bring customers.
2 Wait...wait...wait...and more wait. The place has tons of servers, but the service is soooo slow! Our server must have said, "Sorry about the wait." At least 15 times. Took about 10 minutes just for our drinks. Then it took another 5 minutes for her to take our order.    I ordred the Hottie Burger and my son ordered the Mac and Cheese. Mondays are kids eat free nights. That worked out well.   After 10-15 minutes of more waiting the server finally felt sorry for us and brought out cornbread to make up for the long wait. Finally about 20 minutes later our food was out. My son digs into his Mac and Cheese and says, "Eww this is gross." Which really surprised me, I tried it, yup pretty gross. I asked him if he wanted something else to which he replied he didn't want to wait again.  My burger that I ordered medium had a yellow flag on it stating it was cooked medium well. Awesome. The burger was fine even if it was medium well. You could really taste the Hatch green chile. Other than that, the only reason I'd return is to have some drinks with friends. Some of the servers are really cute.  Until they work out the long wait times and mediocre food, I won't come back.  The entire experience was literally about an hour and a half. Somewhere Toby Keith is laughing at us all while counting his riches.
1 We went here for an early dinner around 4pm on a week night so it was slow. The hostess seemed irritated that we interrupted her conversation with her coworkers to seat us. Once she showed us to our table she threw the menus on the table (literally) and walked away. As we sat there the overly loud band was doing a sound check and we couldn't hear each other talk. There was no separation between the bar and "restaurant".  We were never greeted by a server or asked if we would like a drink. We walked out pretty quickly and I am fairly confident in saying that we will never return to this place.
4 Went for early dinner on a Monday, as my kids were hungry and kids eat free on Mondays. The hostesses seemed to be hanging out and after reading reviews I was sure I was in for horrible service. Got seated very quickly though and our waitress was over in less than 2 min to get our drink order. The whole meal service was great, she wasn't bothering us every 10 seconds but made sure to check everything was ok or if we wanted refills. A man came over in plain clothes and asked if everything was ok, we said yes. A few minutes later he snuck up behind me and grabbed my empty cup and asked if my waitress was getting me another beer, I informed him I didn't want one. I assume he was a manager but he should have said something or a name tag would have been nice. Overall good food, and good service.   Oh, and happy hour is long there 11am -7pm Monday- Friday.
1 Very long wait for the service and food at the location on Northern.  Our server was very nice, but nice doesn't cut it when you are hungry with hungry kids.    As for the food...it was mediocre.  On our kids meal we were surprised when we opened the large bun to find a small burger.  My southwest salad was good, but probably better if delivered with dressing.  :0).   My husband and daughter both liked their burger.  Do not order a Long Island iced tea.  It was like drinking lemonade.  Way too overpriced for the lack of service.
1 Super slow! Took two hours for dinner and we arrived at 4:30. Took 30 minutes to bring me water and only after I asked her twice. Messed up my drink order 3 times and never got it right. Sticky floors. Several of the servers acted snotty with our requests. The hostess was rude when we asked to sit at a booth and she told us the booth was for parties bigger than ours (we had six). When we left, a party of four was in the booth! Took nearly 30 minutes to run our check! What happened to service with a smile? Go to Sandbar next door for better service, better drinks and a better atmosphere.
1 Absolutely terrible. Service was terrible, food selection and prices were terrible.   You can read the rest of the review, but point being soooo not worth the dust off your boots to enter. Waitresses had no idea what they were doing, when asking for something they acted as if they were doing you a favor. Told me one price for a beer charged me another. Then they had the audacity to  question my military service when I showed them my ID. Also I know this is "Toby's" bar but jeez there are literally hundreds of pictures if him everywhere.
2 The environment is fun! The food is okay. The drinks are overpriced and don't taste the best. The waitress knew a ton about the menu from others taste pallets but never tried anything it seemed like. Which was about all she seemed to know. Our order was wrong several times when it arrived. Perhaps going back will be better once they are more established.
2 Good: The food was great! But that's about the only thing.   Bad: We went out for lunch for my grandpa's birthday. I signed him up for the VIP club so he could get a free steak dinner. They told me I was supposed to print out the email to show them but the email just said to bring it in so I thought it would be acceptable to just bring the email in on my phone. They still took it but gave me a hard time about it.  The food was over priced. I ordered chicken strips and it was $13 for 4 strips and some fries. They were good but not $13 good. The service sucked but all the girls were new because they had only been open a few days so I just brushed that off. You can tell they definitely hire based more off looks that experience. The wait for the food was extremely long, at least 45 minutes. For the amount of waitresses they have running around, you would think it wouldn't take so long for us to be waited on but that wasn't the case. The waitress took FOREVER to get the check out to us and we had to tell a manager that we were looking for her but she was no where to be found. About 10 minutes later, she finally brought it to us. They need to step up their game.
3 I was there on opening weekend and it was a little packed but overall a good experience. Military personnell get in for free and the layout of the area is better than the one in Mesa; however just a lot smaller.
3 The place is nice and clean, great stage for music, sound system is good.  Will be a great place for sports/UFC fights, etc.  TONS of staff here, and they all seemed to be standing around talking.  Not sure where they found all of the cute waitresses, there was probably 20 of them at a fairly slow part of the day.(330pm)I am not exaggerating that number, maybe more than 20..  Anyway, food seems kind of pricey, but this is a sports/music venue that we need on the west side.  Food came out fast and well prepared, tell the chefs to pay attention to the basics, eg.  Salt and Pepper go a long way to improving the flavor of most things.  Countless flat screen TV's make sure you have a good view of the game anywhere you sit.  The Fried Mac and Cheese triangles were good, they have a great ranch here, potato skins had very little flavor, salt and pepper solved that problem.  The bad: we ate at the bar and the male bartender was completely disconnected, had to ask for everything like refills and serving set(salt pepper, ketchup, etc and it was on a tray ready to go right under the bar in front of us). He was way more interested in talking to all the other cute waitresses and bartenders, can you blame him?  Yes I can, he needs to do his job still.  Like I said, the place is very well staffed and he was not busy at all.  This place has lots of potential, it just needs more management presence.
2 Ok me about 8 friends all met up there on a sat, night we all arrived before the cover charge  before 10pm.  The service was not that good. It took at least 10 mins to get a drink.  And the draft beer was $7.00 for large and $4.00 for the small red solo cup. We did not see any. Specials  on sat, night. (Bummer)    Another letdown was the seating fiasco.  We had a few tables since we had 8 in our party and the staff at 10pm decides to remove all the tables and chairs on the south side of this bar so they could roll up the glass doors to the stinky smoking patio  and then it became much more hotter in here.  So now its standing only unless we could find a few tables on the other side of this place. This place is so packed  and there is no empty tables anywhere.  This sucks.  The other negative is this place is so loud you have to scream  so  we can talk to each other.  This place is  packed. Its not fun.  The dance floor is so small and packed as well.  So forget about dancing   And yes there is way too many security guys  and most of them are just chattin with other staff/females. This place needs to change a few things before i go honky tonkin  there again. I would rather go to saddle ranch down the street at westgate  next time.  I would go back to this place for lunch though.  The food is good.
1 We went with excitement that the food was going to be good....what a disappointment!!!!  Service was HORRIBLE, waitresses walking up and down the restaurant looking lost. Our waitress took our order and we got 4 out of 5 dishes wrong! My brother ordered fries with his meal and got "mash potatoes "terrible!!!! They looked like a pile of mushy sticky paste! And they tasted even worst!. I ordered habanero/bbq chicken wings...they were friend beyond dry and done and the sauces were on the SIDE!!! I asked why weren't they mixed with the sauce...and waitress had no answer! My other niece ordered a side of chili and they were terrible! They tasted like canned beans except that they were hard and no seasoning and  totally plain and tasteless!!  My other niece's order was brought to her THREE (3) times and each time it was the wrong order! After we ate what we could...(NOT MUCH)  her order was brought and AGAIN IT WAS THE WRONG DISH!!!  What a horrible and terribly expensive experience! It was expensive and absolutely NOT worth the hype! I DO NOT recommend this restaurant to anybody who is looking for a good meal! Too bad the managers don't read these reviews and take them serious because I would want my money back! We spend over $150.00! If they want to make up for this service and food they've got my info on yelp!!
5 Best wings in the West Valley.
1 Well, my first impression on this place was TOTALLY off. We drove up and could smell the bbq. We were seated and our waitress came over to take the drink order.  We also gave her an appetizer order (We ordered the TK Platter, a little bit of everything).  The drinks arrived -- mine was blehhh weak and my husband's, which was only supposed to have had just a bit of creme de menthe, tasted ONLY of creme de menthe.  Five minutes later, she came back to take our food order.  We ordered a full rack of babybacks to share, with sides of mac n'chz and baked beans.   The appetizer came out within 5 min. after we ordered our food.  We still had no plates or silverware, and all the sauces for the appetizers were missing.  We asked for sauces, napkins, plates and silverware and the waitress kept coming back, forgetting one or two things.   We finally got all the items we had requested and our MEAL arrived!!!  We hadn't even had time to eat the appetizer!  The appetizer was okay, not great.  The wings were large, but they were dry, with hardly any sauce on them.  The nachos just had cheese -- no pulled pork, chicken or beef, just plain cheese (I could have gotten that at Taco Bell!).  The fried pickles were so overfried that they had "opened."  The mozzarella sticks were tasteless, even with the marinara -- however, the jalapeno poppers were fabulous!  The mac n'chz was totally mediocre, but the beans were delicious.  Although the ribs were tender on the inside, they were completely overcooked on the outside, and the top and bottom were stringy and impossible to eat.  To top it off, the BBQ sauce that was served with the ribs was COLD!  Really?!  We were mostly ignored throughout the experience.  The waitress was thoroughly stressed out, cute as she was, but cute doesn't get tips from me. The appetizer platter (which was large) stayed on our table (a 2-top, no less!) throughout the meal, even though trash and bones had piled up on it.  Servers and bussers worked around us and never once stopped to see if they could take some of the plates off our table. I was amazed at the tunnel vision of these employees.  Our server finally took our plates, but did not offer to bring the check.  We waited another 15 minutes until finally my husband ASKED for the check.  In that 15 minutes, she passed our table at least 10 times.  Oh, and while we were eating, one of the waitresses kept coming to the table beside ours to talk to the man who was seated there, and to hold the baby that was at the table.  After seeing her every few minutes or so, I realized it was HER bf/hubby and the baby was HERS!  She spent so much time at this table and I kept thinking to myself -- if she were serving me, I would be thoroughly p.o.'d that she wasn't taking care of her customers!  I guess I'm a little old fashioned.  That amazing smell when we drove up?  Must have been "piped out."  To say I was unimpressed is putting it mildly,  We won't return.  End of rant.
2 This place is new, thought give I'd it a try. Inside it's very nice with a authentic country atmosphere. Unfortunately that was the only positive thing about my experience there. The bar was terribly sticky every where we tried to sit. We patiently waited 15 minutes for a waitress. Finally we had to flag some one down just to get menus. The demeanor of our server was less then friendly. As side from being inattentive, She acted bothered. What's unpleasant to say the least. We waited 20 minutes, the waitress did not return to take our orders. We had to get up and ask for someone to acknowledge us.  We ordered an appetizer platter and our Entrées. 25 minutes later they brought out our appetizer and entrées at the same time! All of the food was stone cold. We expressed  our concerns to the waitress and she said "oh, our cooks are new." Wait what!? What does that even mean?  At the end of it all we spoke with the manager who saw that we were there for a long time and she comped the entire order because we really didn't eat any of the cold food they served us.   To be fair the place is huge but if your understaffed, close off some sections at least. I saw the other reviews on Yelp of people who had similar experiences, but I ignored them. You have been warned!
1 I LOATHE this Bar and Grill! This place has provided the worst restaurant experience I have had in all of 2013!  I went with a group of eight people for dinner on a Thursday night. Our waitress didn't seem to understand the difference between import and domestic beers. She made her way around the table taking drink orders, starting with me, then when she got back around she tried to take my drink order again! I calmly told her that I already gave it to her and she just shrugged it off. So after the drinks arrive she asks if we want to order appetizers. She starts taking appetizer orders, again starting with me and guess what? After going around the table she asks what I would like for my appetizer! Not a good sign.   When she drops off our appetizers she tries taking our menus. Several members of our group told her that we wanted to order dinner. She said "Ok" and promptly dashed off! This was another recurring theme with her- she was like the Houdini of wait staff- whenever someone needed a drink or sauce she vanish!   Now for the food- The one thing that I enjoyed was the cornbread- it was light and not overly sweet. For my appetizer I ordered the fried mac & cheese and it was disappointingly dull. For dinner I ordered the Big bacon and Cheddar - a bacon cheeseburger. I asked for a side of mayo. What came out instead was Miracle Whip- which I can't stand. I don't care if they don't have mayo, but if they're going to try to pass off MW for mayo they shouldn't be in the food service industry. the burger itself was only ok. It was cooked to medium rare as ordered but I could have a much better burger with competent service just a few feet away at Blu Burger Grill. The only positive at this place is the happy hour pricing.
1 This place sucks!! I was SO excited for Tobys to FINALLY opened and I gave them credit with all the issues they had opening weekend to give them a break ok new employees learning the ropes of a packed house.  But even just a week ago when me and 2 of my friends went to HH at 4:30 on a MONDAY service still sucked. There were seriously only 10 other in the entire Huge restaurant. I had to flag down the bartender to get service or refills. They were just standing around talking not paying attention to customers. Even a customer next to me who I didnt know looked at me and mouthed "Service here sucks" as they saw I was frustrated again having to flag the bartender down again.  Also the bartender when asked how certain foods were said he DID NOT recommend them! LMAO!! Who does that!?!? He didnt recommend a couple appetizers. One being the nachos with certain things on it.  I was just like WOW you work for a restaurant and you yourself are giving bad reviews to customer on your food. Not good. Looked really bad on the restaurant.  I also noticed crowds have gone down and Im not surprised with the bad service. I have yet to talk to someone who has something good about service here. I think they need to hire more then just pretty faces and actual people who know how to serve.
3 Welcome to Toby Keith's "cashing in on my name" Bar & Grill. If you've lived long enough in Arizona, you WILL embrace the country scene at some point. If you don't like it, someone you hang out with does, so put on your Wranglers, saddle up, and get your ass in here.  Let me get the good out of the way--if you like day drinking, you will like this place. The happy hour is 11-7, and the frozen margaritas will knock you on your ass. Good prices on domestic drafts, too. I'm a sucker for the red solo cups. Additionally, the level of atmosphere is off the charts! Wooden decor everywhere, and all country, all the time. I would listen to artists like Jason Aldean over garbage like Drake and Ke$ha any day.   As other reviews have pointed out, service blows. They are totally personable, but the large space has them walking around in circles, as if they are having trouble figuring out what to do next. A simple appetizer took 30 minutes to show up, and it wasn't even busy!   I won't knock them too much for that, because just like restaurants in Westgate, the nightlife and not the food is obviously the main attraction. The stage is huge, and there's plenty of room. I haven't gone on a busy Saturday night yet, but it looks promising. As always, I'll keep you updated!
1 I took. Good friend for birthday there and it was opening weekend.  She had a blast but I felt so bad bc the service sucked.  I saw a couple of guys order drinks and an incident happened with my husband and one of his friends and they spilled a drink on his shoes.  Not hard feelings they were talking and apologizing and the guy who was paying was turned for less than a min and the chick bartender tossed his money at him on the counter and walked off.  Keep in mind I was sober (dd). Will meet go there again.
1 Worse service ever. Mandy is an awful manager!! If I could give this zero stars I would, she and her bartender had such an attitude and had no manager experience previously, you could definitely tell!!!
4 My husband and I decided to check this out for an early dinner on a Saturday evening and really enjoyed going into Toby Keith's.  I have seen a lot of negative reviews but have to say we did not have an issue with service.  Our waitress was very attentive and I never once had to ask for a refill on a drink.  The food was decent and the atmosphere was decent.  would like to go in for an evening when there is live music and see how that is.
4 We read all the reviews, so we weren't expecting much in the way of service.  However, we were pleasantly surprised.    We decided to go on a Saturday at lunchtime (around 12:30ish), so we figured it might be busy.  It wasn't completely full, but it's a big place and most of the tables were occupied.  The numerous TV's had college games on, which we love, so that was enjoyable.  We were seated, and our waitress came right over for our drink order.  As soon as our drinks were brought over, we ordered an appetizer (potato skins), and told her to give us a few minutes to decide on our entrees.  She came back a few minutes later, and we ordered...no problem with service, in our eyes.  The potato skins were really good.  They gave us 2 nice scoops of sour cream (hubby always complains that most places never give you enough to put on the skins).  They weren't greasy, and were cut in inch wide strips, as opposed to scooped out.  I found them easier to eat this way.  Not too much cheese, a nice amount of bacon, love the chives added on and they were crispy.  (A busboy came over after we finished, and asked if he could take our plate.)  A few minutes later, our main courses arrived.  My husband got the pulled pork sandwich.  In the picture it showed cole slaw on it, but it was actually on the side.  So, he piled it onto the pork.  I got the American Soldier burger--no cheese-- with a side of onion rings.  I also asked for a bit of BBQ sauce for my burger, which was quickly brought over.  While I was setting up my burger, putting the red onions, tomatoes, mustard and BBQ sauce on it, my husband downed his sandwich.  I think he liked it!  My burger was cooked perfectly, nice and charred on the outside, but juicy inside.  The only issue I had was the bun being a little too big.  But, that's a personal taste thing, and my husband loved the bun.  The onion rings were crispy, and I used the extra BBQ sauce to dip them in.  My husbands fries looked pretty good, and he seemed to enjoy them.  Overall, the food was pretty good, and the service was nice.  There were lots of waitresses around, but they all seemed to be helping tables and not standing around chatting.  So, maybe someone is reading the reviews and made some changes.  Also, as a side note, the bathrooms are big and clean (at least they were on a Saturday afternoon).  I'm sure on a Friday or Saturday night, the place is loud and hopping.  But, that's not for us, so we wouldn't be going at those times anyway.  Maybe some of the bad reviews were down to growing pains, and hopefully, they've matured enough that more good reviews will be coming.
3 Went on a Tuesday to see what "live band karaoke" was all about.  They said it started at 8:00 on their sign, but it started at 9:00.  Band had around 100 songs to pick from,, or maybe 125.  I knew very few of them.  Noise level was sort of loud until the band took over.  Then it was rattle the tables loud.  This is clearly aimed at the younger crowd.  If you are older you most likely will not want to have your ears tortured.  If you want to go for the food only, go early in the evening.  No cover charge on Tuesday.  Did not eat, but looked at a menu.  Prices seemed a little high but not overly so.  Bowl of chili was $5, which seems ok (assuming the bowl is normal sized).  My friend and I do not drink, but she got a non-alcohol beer.  It was $4.  I do not know if that is normal or not.  Seemed high to me.  I got soda.  The waitress comp'd it, so the bill was not too high in the long run.  I tipped her accordingly.  Lot's of sports TV's around the place.  Waitress was attentive, for the most part.  Bathrooms were large and clean.    A couple of menu surprises.  They have fried bologna.  Thick slices.  Never seen that in a restaurant.  Also, they have Miracle Whip.  Means I can get their Club Sandwich with the thing I like on my club.  I know of no other restaurant that has Miracle Whip, and I have asked at all of them.  Giving it 3 stars because it had it's issues and its pluses.  Most likely would not return, except for the chili and Miracle whip.  If I do, it will be earlier in the evening, and I will sit away from the music (if there is such a place).
4 I've seen quite a few people post about terrible service and bad food.  I had the opposite experience!  We went with a few coworkers to celebrate the beginning of fall break!  We had a 1/2 day of school and found out that happy hour started at 11am!  With $2 drafts and well drinks and cheap appetizers, how could anyone go wrong?  We had a great server who took care of our large party, separate checks and all!  The food was tasty, the drinks were cheap, and the fun was fun!  I ordered the fried bologna sandwich and was not upset about that! Totally reminded me of the ones my grandma would make when we were kids!  Will definitely go back for HH again soon!
1 Worst service I've had in a long time. Good happy hour prices on beer but I won't be back.
4 Tried the nachos, sweet potato tots, and complimentary corn bread. YUM!! Service was pretty good as well.  Over all very tasty.  Agree with eye candy comment. Ha ha.
1 Lame, the food is too spicy or too greasy to eat.  I got the sampler platter and it was just fried food, I did not like any of it, I had to go home and eat something worth eating that was fried, this place did not cut it.  I like mixed drinks this place did not really have anything for me, this place is probably good for beer, but who knows because I don't drink beer.     We did get seated fast but the food is not worth going for even though the waitress was nice and friendly, food doesn't add up.
3 I love Toby Keith and his music. This place only open for 3 mo. but still a few bugs to take care of. The music is a little too loud for lunch. I mean after 7PM maybe its ok, but those of us who like to TALK to each other its a little loud. Lots of TK music which is good. One of the stalls in ladies room cannot lock, the sliding thingy was put in upside down. I told our server and Heather the mgr. Altho I like the song, hubby does NOT like drinking his beer in a plastic red Solo cup! Again, maybe after 7PM. Our server, Samantha, seemed to take too long for any request we had - beer, tea refill. The Rueben sandwich I had was cold, well cool really and probably because of ALL the cole slaw put on it. It tasted ok but I had to ask Heather to heat it up some. They were most accommodating. Portions were pretty good sized. Hubby really liked his chicken parm sandwich  -  the bun was very soft and not the hard roll - ate it all!! $8 lunch pretty good. I don't like french fries but Samantha said I could substitute sweet potato tots and they WERE hot. Heather gave us her card.
1 If Toby Keith is affiliated with this place in any way, he should be embarrassed with the piss poor service they provide. I should have listened to my fellow yelpers on this one. I sat at the bar for 10+ minutes before I flagged down help. It felt like I was broken down in the side of the road awaiting a tow truck. Anyway the bartender explained they were not covering that side of the bar as well? Ok, so I just moved to the other side. The same thing happened, no one approached me. My guest showed up and asked for a manager, some man with a porno mustache showed up and said he  laughed and said he would discipline them after 2am? Not sure, but it seemed inappropriate since the waitresses were very pretty. The waitress went on to say the restaurant was fairly new, however this was customer service 101 stuff. I will never return an neither should you.
2 This is a disgrace I come with my friends 4 of us, one was wearing basketball shorts and was told he can't wear it after 8 so Toby Keith's bar lost $100 over a pair of shorts we had to go to Denny's it made me so mad we just left the Lee Brice concert and wanted to go there, see if this were any other bar and grill it would be empty the only thing keeping it open is the name! Come on Toby Keith's you guys know there's money to be made....make it!
1 Horrible service. Took forever. Management apology for service was bunch of excuses. Will not be back.
2 I had a burger, she had the Cobb salad.  It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't fantastic either.    I just couldn't stand the cowboy motif and have absolutely no clue who Toby Keith is or any songs he sings. It's a large bar, but if I were looking for a good sports bar, there are so much better.  If you're into the cowboy shitkicker stuff, then I would head over to Cave Creek and take your pick.  I was laughing at the sign on the door where after 5 pm the dress code is strictly enforced.  Is that belt buckles, boots and cowboy hats?   It's just another tourist trap near the stadium.
1 Worst service and managers. Make other plans trust me! Took 3 times to get a drink right and over 30 minutes
1 I had the worst experience ever here went hear for my wife birth day and the service was really bad never had refills on drinks and also found a bug in my food would not recommend this place to anyone
1 Went for a concert, which was amazing. The  crazy expensive and totally disgusting cold food was unbelievable. There were not nearly enough tables for the kitchen to have a problem putting out hot food and the quality was shameful. I could find better selections at Costco.
4 There were 3 of us yesterday for lunch.  We had a young friendly, informative waitress named The Bronx (OOOPS, I meant Brooklyn)  LOL  She answered all our questions and the service was great.  Reliable and very efficient.  She was really on the ball. This restaurant is quite large and there is a very small lunch crowd. We had appetizers (fried zucchini, potato skins) and I had the pulled chicken sandwich. One of our group had the BBQ ribs.  We all remarked about the tasty food. Reading these reviews here I thought the place was going to be a flop. We talked with Brooklyn and she said they had a big shake up there.  Fired many, many employees and hired as many new ones.  Apparently many of these reviews were from when they were first opened. Another plus is that they have my favorite beer on tap, Kiltlifter. You really need some good photos on the below portion which asks if these photos are helpful? If you want some good ones please feel free to get in touch.  https://www.facebook.com/SindiStackFotography
1 I love Toby Keith but if he is in anyway associated to this place you better rethink it. I came in just after one today maybe 35-40 people in the bar, but the place is very big after being told we could sit wherever we wanted is server finally came up after five minutes. Said it wasn't even her station but she was going to help us I was the only help we got from her all day. We ordered two beers 1pint 1mason jar and two waters. It took 10 minutes to get our beers and they were served in plastic cups, I know Tobeys into red solo cups but seriously a Sunday afternoon and they don't have any glasses? The waitress apologized and told us she would repour into glass & told us the bartenders had a busy night last night so there weren't many glasses available , what a joke!!! After 20 more minutes we still have not received our waters nor appetizers and we had no idea where our server was so we threw a 20 down &got up and left.... I will not go back and would urge you not to go at all
1 I wish I could give 0 stars! This place is absolutely horrible. Took 10 minutes to get someone to take our drink order, and there were only 5 other tables in the entire place. Took another 10 minutes to get our drinks (water), and when we got our appetizers, 15 minutes after that, it was cold. Tried to give it another chance, but will absolutely not ever be going back here. Bummer too, because they have some good concerts coming up!
1 I have been to this bar a few times and each time we were there, the service was mediocre at best. The staff is horrible and rude. I will not be returning.
3 Good tv situation. I love the beer here. Not sure if it's colder or cleaner taps and lines but it is so smooth and crisp here. Very good beer.  Had the nachos with BBQ chicken. The chicken was over powering. It was very smokey and strong tasting. Just kinda ruined the nachos for me. I would suggest getting the beef.
4 "No cover charge..." Seems nobody at Toby Keith's has ever heard his song. Oh well I understand they need to make a profit, but be warned there is a $5 cover for guys. Show your military i.d. for free cover.  So lets review. The food and service gets 2 stars, but then again I don't come here to eat. I come here to dance. The dance floor is great and is never too crowded. I must say the crowd here is a complete 180 from the one in Mesa. I kept seeing guys with baggy pants and stickers on their hats and women with tight short dresses with hooker heels. It's a country bar...not a hip hop club. I guess that's why the dance floor is not crowded, because not to many people their can country dance. The drink prices are pretty insane, I think it was $9 for a tall blue moon eek!  I would take this one over the Mesa one any day. The layout is better, the dance floor is nice and I could actually find a seat. So at the end of the day I'm a fan and it's a good place to come dance.
3 Hmmm. What can I say? Well the Happy Hour prices are very good. The food...not so great; generic chain food. Our server was really friendly. I hope she and all the others are comfortable in their short shorts and cowboy boots! I would think that would get old. Not only are you being constantly ogled by the customers but you have to walk around in that crap! Workplace hazard if you ask me. My biggest concern with this place is their use of plastic cups. Really? Who wants a beer in plastic? What a waste, they get ZERO stars for sustainable business practices. Shame on you Toby Kieth, aren't cowboys supposed to love the outdoors?
1 Dumb blondes who work there .. takes 20 min to get 5 dollar beers .. only good for eye candy..
1 I was very disappointed. Service was awful, food was below average and if Toby Keith has any affiliation with this place I would say that he needs to get away from it. I would say listen to the other reviews and not go or go at your own risk of getting terrible food and service
3 I'm not a big country buff but the atmosphere is pretty kick back. The food was ehh alright it wasn't anything spectacular. Came here for New Years and I wasn't really feeling the whole country live band. I'd say if your not too big on country I wouldn't recommend coming here for New Years. However if you wanna try something new and different it's a place I'd recommend to try at least once.
4 I'd say skip the meal but stop in for beer (before they charge the cover).  Bartenders and nice and FINALLY BOYtenders - Wow - just sayin - fun if you are really into country - band was doing sound check for what seemed like an eternity.  Take out of towners if you're looking to people watch.
2 Bad service! Walked in with a friend Friday during the day and the bartender ignored us as we sat at the bar for 10 min while 6-7 servers stood around doing nothing. We finally received our beers and had a few rounds. It is really bad when you have a huge bar like this with 2-4 tables and it takes forever to get a drink. I also cant stand getting a beer in a red solo cup during the day when its slow and our first drink was in a heavy pint glass. I understand the "red solo cup" motif but I believe that you can hold off with the cheap glassware until the party gets started later in the evening. I get using plastic cups and shot glasses to avoid breakage but at 1:30 on a Friday?? Give me a break.... I wouldnt recommend this place unless youre looking for a fun party night with a group of friends.
1 For those of you going on nights that there is entertainment, there's a cover charge.  Shrug.  I am very conflicted but ultimately not going to go back.  I went on my birthday with a friend.  I got a free steak dinner and he got a sandwich.  I ordered the ribeye steak Medium Rare.  After 25 minutes, we both got our food. There wasn't many people there for lunch at the time.  They apologized for it being late but not much of an explanation.  My steak was cooked Medium well, almost well.  LIterally a faint pink in the middle and grey for the rest.  I told the waitress and she agreed and took it back. About 2 minutes later a lady puts the steak back on the table and says, sir you said this is overcooked? This is medium rare.  I explained, it is not, medium rare should be red, pink, grey, not this, it's almost well done.  She was like, no it's medium rare.  I was like no it's not, it's like almost well done.  Then she was like, so you want me to undercook you one? I'm like sure if that's what it takes.  She then said, it will take another 8-12 minutes.  Which is appropriate, interesting she can tell me how long it takes to cook a steak and rest it but not what the temp is.  The second steak was rare.  Undercooked but better than overcooked so I ate it. The rudeness of the manager, I assume, is the reason I would never go again.
1 The service here is terrible. We were here on a Sunday and were surprised at how empty it was. Service took forever on all aspects except bringing the check (that was super quick)!  Food was mediocre at best, for desert we ordered the warm brownie topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and warm fudge. Imagine our surprise when we got a cold brownie covered in cold fudge! Oh yeah and they forgot the ice cream!!! How does this get out of the kitchen?
1 Horrible horrible horrible.  Service is the worst, it's like the waitress has no idea when people sit down because they don't care about tips and management doesn't care about people coming back.  It takes way to long to get your food and everything comes out cold.  If the nachos look like they have been sitting in the window for too long, don't bring them to the table.  Everyone blames someone else, no one takes responsibility for the bad food or the bad service.  I guess it's always the customers being too needy.  I will go back to watch concerts there but I'm not getting any food and ordering my drinks from the bar.  If you take the time to read this I suggest you do the same.  One more thing, there weren't towels to dry your hands in the bathroom and my friend's wife said neither did the women's.  Management took the hillbilly concept and made it "just plain lazy".
1 Excited to try Toby Keith's for the first time. It was during happy hour which was pretty slow and ended up with horrible, slow service. Bartender walked by without making eye contact numerous times while we waited to order. Finally left and headed for Gordon Biersch to try their happy hour which ended up having Fabulous Service!!
4 I ate there last Thursday night. Had the American burger which was pretty good (Not amazing). Also stayed around for ladies night, there was a decent crowd. Overall good experience would go there again. Bouncers are a little sketchy tho, asking me what my birthday and address was as he's IDing me. Taking there job a little to serious I think.
1 Cover charge for guys, took our high top and chairs after hours once the band started while we were sitting there, bouncer made us remove ourselves from the area where we were standing to make room for a "high profile client" who did not even grace us with their presence. Not going here again.   Nice eye candy for single guys, but nothing here for us married guys who are looking to grab a drink after the game.
3 Had to try Toby Keith's for a slice of Americana. Menu offerings were plenty to choose from with some country junk food. Beer selection was super weak, no good IPAs or micro brews to speak of. Of course Toby had PBR on tap. Hooters style service with country twist on the uniform - tight jeans. Super cool bar, very large and shaped like a guitar. Food was alright, service was great. Novelty dining, checked off the list.  I guess this would be a great place to see a performance.
4 This place is rated oddly low. Or maybe I just had a uniquely pleasant experience here.   So I came here on a Thursday night which is ladies night (50 cent drinks) before 11. And there was a DJ, people were dancing lively and the dance floor had enough room to two step but wasn't a ghost town - just the right balance. The dance floor is very large by the way, great plus.   The music was a nice mix of hip hop and country in case you can't two step (although you're in a country bar). I like the mix, I think I would get tired of hearing country all day (like at Whiskey Row in Old Town).   Unfortunately I didn't come here for the food, so I have no idea what it's like, just came to dance with some friends. Maybe I'll come back to try it.   The bartenders are attentive which is another plus. The crowd is interesting, definitely a mix of young and old. Since it was ladies night Thursday night, there were a lot of ladies for the night. Sort of unusual for a late scene at a bar, but I guess that's why ladies night is implemented to bring us on in, and it works. :P    The bathrooms were great, many many stalls - no lines, no wait! And they were very clean. :)  The patio was sort of packed, but there's a lot of free seating inside and out so that's a plus unlike at nightclubs where it's 100% VIP only.   So overall, it was a good experience. Not much to complain about - the crowd was slightly obnoxious giving the security and staff a hard time, but the security and staff were very patient and fantastic, they dealt with everything professionally and fast.
2 So...We came back.  This time, it was after a spring training game and I had my sister, her husband, and their 3 kids with me.    Service was fine...place was actually pretty busy for a weekday.  My nephew and I enjoyed our meals...I had the fried bologna sandwich and he had the buffalo chicken sandwich.  However, my sister and her husband couldn't even eat theirs.  They ordered these MONSTER nachos.  I'm not kidding.  These things could feed 10 people.  So the other two kids ate off of them as well...or at least tried to.  I mean....who doesn't like nachos?  These nachos are served with 3 types of meat. Smoked chicken, bbq brisket and pulled pork.  Now the chicken was good...it was just a basic smoked chicken...no sauce.  But the pork and the brisket had sauce.  The absolute most sickeningly sweet sauce known to man.  So sweet, that it could have been called a dessert.  Needless to say, the nachos were not very edible.    Thankfully, the server was kind enough to take the nachos off the bill...but from now on, I know not to order anything of the bbq sort here. I'll stick to the appetizers, bologna sandwich, and beer.
1 Seriously 1 of the worst experiences ever. Food was simply frozen and reheated in the microwave. My husbands bbq ribs were cold when sent back they were still cold. My chicken sandwich had black burnt bacon which ruined the whole thing. The service was sub-par although the waitress was nice she only checked on us once. The upside was kids always eat free however my daughter wasn't interested in the chicken tenders that had no flavor. I had to feed her something else when we got home. Not worth the money.
2 Speed in after a movie with another couple. Not impressed. Rack of ribs were absolutely torched on one side and for the portions the prices are ridiculous. Not for me.
5 Great super fast service. Nothing fancy just good music, sports game on, good steak food.  Friendly staff. We will defiantly be back.
1 Wow, the food here is horrible and the servers are lacking in every way possible.   First off the food....disgusting, flavorless & underwhelming. I had the BBQ pork sandwich and it literally tasted like dirt, the cfc was bland and the gravy tasted like un -cooked flour. The pickles were actually descent, but the chips and queso tasted like nally's chili, which isn't a compliment.   The server was clueless on any question we asked. She over charged us on the food and drinks.   This lace is worthless in my opinion, and I hope it goes away.
1 This place had potential.  The atmosphere and music are pretty good.  Unfortunately the bouncers are a bunch of absolute tool bags.  My cousin got approached at a table and asked to show his id.  He had shown it at the front door.   He was then asked to step outside so they could check and see if he was intoxicated!  First, he wasn't.  (1 beer). Second he was minding his own business.  The bar was sparsely packed.  We were talking amongst our own group.  The only thing I can think of is they didn't like his shoes.  (Nikes). Or...they are prejudice.  A fat bouncer with a beard approached him and started harassing him out of the blue.  They said he could re-enter when it became clear he was not intoxicated and he would most likely sue if they continued to harass him.  He is a business professional.  We ended up leaving  for the night but will not spend our money in a place with douch bags for bouncers!
2 First of all....I love Toby Keith, I don't love this bar & grill. My boyfriend got some sort of steak, and I got the Cobb Salad. Paul's steak had been very strongly marinaded, and the flavor completely overwhelmed what would have been a good piece of meat that had been cooked to a good medium-rare. My salad was okay....most of the greens appeared fresh (although I did get to a section of the salad with quite a few pieces of wilted & somewhat slimy greens), there was way too much bleu cheese on it so that was basically all you could taste, and the bacon was not good. I don't know how it's possible to screw up bacon, but they did...and there was a ton of it on the salad. I'm also not sure if this was just a coincidence or what, but I also got sick later that night...not so sure if it was from the food or not.  Our waitress was pretty....and that's about all she had going for her. I understand that since I am a woman, that my opinion is basically invalid on this, BUT I would rather have an ugly waitress (or waiter) who was good at their job than a piece of eye candy who looks good in Daisy Dukes.....but maybe that's just me....
5 My wife and I went on a Friday around 6pm. We didn't have to wait to be seated even though it looked quite busy. Our service was excellent. We ordered an the smokehouse nacho(with pork) appetizer. It came out quickly and they were some of the best nachos I've ever had. My burger and wife's pulled pork sandwich also came out quickly and both tastes perfect. Couldn't ask for more.
1 Came here to celebrate a 40th birthday party. Band was good. Had two gift cards when we arrived, asked the girl at the front door to let me know how much was on each, I knew one was unused and had $50, I was unsure about the other. 4 people and 15 minutes later no one knew how to check the balance on the gift card, gave up since it was delaying our night. We had to go to the bar to get drinks even though we had a table near the stage - no server. The first time at the bar my husband was helped by a nice lady that used the $16 on our first gift card then put the remaining couple dollars from our $50 gift card. meaning it had about $48. Then next round my husband went to the bar, was finally helped by a guy, he ordered the same as the first time, gave the guy the card and he brought the drinks said there was nothing left on the card then proceeded to avoid my husband by going to the other end of the bar. Finally the first lady that helped my husband came back and he told her the situation. She went and got his card, came back saying it had $32 still available on it. The guy tried to steal our gift card! After the drama at the front door and no one being able to check a balance on a gift card it's hard not to wonder if there is only the one crocked guy or if there is more of a conspiracy going on. Anyway it put a damper on our 40th birthday situation and we left soon after. Completely untrustworthy employees there, it's such a shame with a name like Toby Keith behind it. We used to frequent one of the California locations often when we lived there but we won't be going back to this Peoria AZ one, even thought it's only five minutes from our house.
1 About the worst customer service I have ever had.  I don't know Toby Keith personally but I can't imagine he would want his name associated with the kind of service I received.
1 Went in after finals to have some drinks and listen to some music. We were really hoping for some food, but I guess after 10 on a Friday night is just way too late. So we got some drinks, which were oddly expensive. $7.50 for well drinks? Come on.   But the absolute best part of the night was when our two male friends started dancing with each other and were immediately pulled outside by the bouncers to be interrogated about what state they were from, how much they had to drink (none at this bar, thankfully), and were then told in a less than subtle manner that they needed to leave.   Considering how raunchy some of their other straight patrons were getting with their dancing, I can really draw only one conclusion as to why two men were asked to leave, just for dancing together and nothing else. So thank you Toby Keiths. Thank you for re-enforcing everything I knew about Toby Keith and Arizona in general.
1 Terrible service, terrible food. "If you've had one drink you aren't allowed in our establishment" that's what a bouncer said. don't waste your time here unless you are sober
1 Do not waste your hard earned money here, there are several other country bars around, go to them!  My husband and I's 2nd trip here this past Friday has me determined never to return as well as to spread the word of how horrible the service, food and management was! We waited over 15 minutes to be served, my order was not only wrong but RAW! The management staff was so ignorant to comment that I'll be fine as people consume raw fish all the time. The gal serving asked if we needed a to go box as my husband pointed at both I nodded and she removed my plate and threw it away! This was a FULL plate of food, I had probably 3 bites no joke. She then insisted ONLY my husband asked for a to-go box although he pointed and I nodded. Not only that, but our tab, HA! Nothing done, no offer for dessert either. This was the 2nd trip - both a waste of time and money. So disappointed in the brand altogether. Stay away! I know others who have gotten sick too!
2 Every time we go here, the bouncers try to mess with me. I've had them go so far as to tell me there was a warrant out for my arrest after they scanned my ID (which is not funny, because some scanners really can pick that up). If they're not pulling something like that, they're checking my picture against my face for a good minute before deciding it's not a fake.   This last time though really irritated me. I hand this Duck Dynasty wannabe my ID and watch him read it. I guess that was suspicious, because he looked up from it and stared at me intently. I stared right back, and apparently he didn't like that, because he then asked "Where are you coming from?"  "Oh, the Tim McGraw concert."  He gets this super serious look. "How much have you had to drink?"  Which really ticked me off, because I had not had one single sip of alcohol all night.  "Nothing. At all."    Phil Jr. stares at me some more, and finally lets me in, but I remained annoyed for the rest of the evening.   Being treated like you're underage with a fake, or already drunk when you're not, gets really old when it's every single time you get to a bar.
1 Terrible service. We walked in were told to sit anywhere. After sitting at the bar for five minutes and no service we walked out past the hostess and server who were chatting to find a new restaurant.
4 Read a lot of bad reviews on food and service but to be honest we had great food and service. I showed the manager the bad ratings from yelp. She actually read some of the reviews and was really cool about owning their mistakes. She said they have changed their training and they are working on their customer service. I appreciated her taking time to talk to us. We had great service and great food. Give this place a try it seems to have changed for the better :)
1 The service was good and it seemed like a fun atmosphere, salad was good but chicken tenders were awful, no flavor tasted like frozen breaded chicken.  Probably wouldn't go back.
1 My husband and I decided to check this place out...mainly because of me and my love for the musician....DONT GO.  The greeter was RUDE...because we came in the wrong door.  The table was dirty...as were the seats.  Our server was very sweet.  She did her best to make sure our experience was a good one.  That is where it ended. My husband had the BBQ chicken...dry...bland.  I had the BBQ chicken wrap.  Tasteless.  I ordered a Bloody Mary...horrible...and the $4 frozen margarita...which tasted like well water.  It really is a shame that the food and drinks taste so awful....The concept is a good one...like the music....but the rest....lets just say McDonalds would have been a better choice.
1 Takes 30 min just to get to the bar. Another 20 to get served. Forget about needing a DD  unless they get more bartenders
1 Bad service, Bad food, terrible place to watch the fight. Would give it no stars if that was an option. Called ahead for a reservation because we had a large party and they failed to mention they had a cover charge. By the time we found out and everyone got there it was to late to change venue with it being sat at 7:00. We constantly had to track the waitress down because she kept leaving the table without getting everyone's orders. Our food came out wrong more than once. My friend ordered the nachos with shredded beef and they came out with fatty pulled pork. When she sent them back the waitress argues with her and said they were shredded beef. Mind you we had already passed them around and taken a consensus... they were definitely pork. I had the club without mayo and it came out with mayo. Took 20 min to get the waitress so u could send it back. Got the second one and it was soggy, didn't even bother to send it back, nor did the waitress follow up and ask if it was better. The fight was constantly being interrupted by a live band doing sound check. Mind you we were forced to pay money to see that fight so it was quite annoying! So all in all worst place ever to enjoy a good time with friends, have a beer, enjoy a meal, or watch a fight. p.s. If you are there past 9 trying to enjoying a meal or beer with friends they reserve the right to take remove your table to make room for a dance floor... well that's what the little note on our table stated.
1 If Toby Keith knew this place operates like a back alley joint, he would never allow his name to be affiliated with it (let's hope not!)  I can't imagine why there is a fee to get in.  The line to get in is very slow moving.  The music  at least is varied to several types of music, so if you are a diehard country fan, forget it! This is not the bar for you!  We reserved a table near the stage.  That cost our group $250.00!  The drinks were watered down, the service was minimal, and to top it all off no food after 10pm!  Are they kidding? Why buy drinks when you can't even eat?  I completed a survey to give this place a chance to address my issues, never a word back.  How's that for tacky?
