1 I only gave this buffet a 1 because I could not give it a zero.  This was possibly the worst food I have ever had in my life.  All the food is from frozen entrees.  Nothing is fresh, even the salad is old bagged junk you could get at a food bank.  The price is $13.99 unless you have their card and then it's $9.99 and believe me you would be much better off going over to ANY fast food joint.  Mushy, soggy, bland, over heated food that looks like it has been sitting around for a long time is what you will be in for if you choose this buffet.  Pass...Please Pass on this one.
2 This was Terribles and just recently changed their name and had their grand opening. We were there for it and it really didn't seem like much as going on. They had a week long celebration of giveaways but after those were done nothing much happened during the week.   It's off the strip but walking distance if you're up for that. However, to us it was not worth the trip. The casino was dark and didn't look very new or updated, however, I can't be a great judge of this since I had not been to it when it was Terribles.   The only promotion for new players was $5 slot play. The had some newer machines but a lot were older and I had trouble getting my free play to work on them. We stayed and played our free play, threw in a few more bucks, and then headed back to the strip. Not worth a trip unless you happen to be driving by it.
4 I liked the place.  Not as much as the Boulder Hwy casinos, but it worked.  I'd consider staying here.  The buffet is not good, which is a shame; the setup seems pretty nice...the food just falls flat.
1 One of the world worst casinos ever! First off, the Buffet was horrid!  We wouldn't even eat there! "I'll have some of the yeller!" Then we ordered something to eat from the restaurant and OMG!  We ordered Bisquits and Gravy and when my husband got to the room...we thought it was joke!  All the "gravy" leaked all over!  So he had to take it back and then when then wouldn't refund it they gave us another one! And it as gross!  We didn't eat it all and had to take it to the trash out the hall. Then, I got locked out of my room and although they made a copy of my ID...they wouldn't let me in because I didn't have my license!  The had me so mad I finally told them I'm calling the cops AND I just freaking on a stroke two weeks ago!  I was not happy!  Make it to my room (hellish version of The Shining) with Security and had to show them my ID. 2 towels and 1 shampoo....that's it!   OH!  Also the freakin' pool closing at 8pm!  JEESH!  It's still 100 degrees here at 8pm! One more thing:  you only get like 10 channels and 3 of them of ESPN!
1 This hotel was terrible, stay away if you don't want your trip ruined. The rooms are old and dirty just like the casino. We got a room that wasn't cleaned so they gave us a suite to make up for it. The suite was terrible and the air conditioning didn't work. We called maintenance but they never showed up. The room was old and besides the a/c not working, the shower drain was clogged, the coffee pot didn't work. It was 3 hours trying get a room, it was 2 a.m. before we crashed out of total exhaustion. No a/c was so hot and stuffy. There is no help with bags, there is no porters anymore, they got rid if them. I am handicapped and needed help. I had to put our bags on my wheel chair because I couldn't carry them. STAY AWAY!
1 Pros: helpful staff  Cons: old casino, bad food
3 The cafe old school Las Vegas coffee shop fare. Nice selection, fair prices.   The slot machine player club units need to be replaced. Almost every touch screen is worn to the point of being unusable. If you intend to use your free slot play, you may have to bounce around to find a machine that will work. Also, you have to feed the machine at least your minimum bet in order to activate the free slot play. I don't like that. Many other systems let you play your freebies without feeding the machine.   But for a value casino, not so bad.   Doing Las Vegas old school on the cheap? Pop in here.
4 I wasn't staying here but came here July 4th. I have stayed here before when it was terribles. Ok let me just be 100% honest. This place is terribles but just with a new name. If a sign said terribles before then it says silver sevens now. Some new slots here and there and maybe they added some new tables but this is still just terribles. If you liked terribles (like I did) then you will like silver sevens. They have an awesome breakfast buffet and it's better than when it was terribles. The dinner buffet is why I give this place a 4 instead of 5. It's like you guys took a giant leap forward with the breakfast buffet and a giant leap backward with the dinner buffet. The burger at the buffet was garbage and not sure what type of mystery meat I was eating. Mashed potatoes were cold as Antarctica. Salad was dryer than the sahara desert. Please re train the cooks on the dinner shift.   Silver sevens does always have free food and freebies to give out though.   This is a locals casino for sure and I'm a tourist but I actually like to get off the strip and win! Silver sevens has super loose slots for sure. Your money will go a lot further here than it would at any of the strip casinos. Honestly my fellow tourist. I think you should all just take a left at ballys and walk over to silver sevens. It's not fancy but it's nice to win money unlike you do on the strip.  4/5 stars. Be back october 3-7 2013! See ya soon silver sevens
3 I come here when I have a free night and to play Bingo, I'm really an old 80 year old chain smoker at heart. Don't really expect anything less then what is presented, I wish they kept the old name though. Also I noticed the coffee shop had a C grade from the health department. Eeeek!! Buffet is small and the food quality isn't that great, but go for Sunday champagne brunch and drink to your hearts content!
4 I ended up having to stay in Vegas it a list minute deal and booked the room on line, I was more interested in cheep than anything else. I was very surprised at how nice the room was and after the fact I looked it up on yelp and was surprised at the ratings. All I can say is they must have just did a major renovation on it because it was very nice and very clean. They did unfortunately have hidden charges that didnt impress me so it gets a 4 .
3 Met a friend here the other day.  The hotel and recently been "converted" from Terrible's to this new concept.  By conversion I can only really see some different paint and a new marque out front.  The casino looks the exact same as before and so was the 24-hour cafe.  The cafe is ok, but DELICIOUS if you are coming from a bar...get what I mean??  The hotel hallway directly outside of the casino is nice, showing off some new sides, lighting, etc...but once you get around the back it still still pretty Motel 6ish.  The inside of the room was nice, good sized and a big tv so nothing negative to say about the room.  I think my friend said it was $50 or $60 for the room..BUT there was a $100 deposit for some reason.
1 Don't gamble here, the dealers are really rude.  It's dirty and lacks any air flow.   Buffet is awful and full of food that tastes like it was previously frozen. I also felt pretty queasy after eating the shrimp. Just avoid, trek down to Main Street downtown.  Not really much more to say. It's the same price to gamble in this awful, rundown Vegas failure as it is at New York, New York or the Flamingo.  I know where I'd go.
3 this place is cool just to kill time was accross the street from the hotel i was staying in nothing to go out of your way for though
3 The exterior gives you and idea of what to expect inside. That being said if you want to place a quick sports bet without waiting in line, theres always available parking spots out front and the staff is always friendly.
4 I come to Vegas often and whenever O do a day trip, this is one of the places I choose. It has a free airport shuttle, the price is always right, and The rooms are decent. No complaints w the food as I ate here when it was Terribles with no complaints. Staff has been nice to me and there is a shuttle to the strip or just a short bus ride away. If I wanted to stay on the strip, I would.  There is a $3.00 charge when you check out but that's the cheapest fee I've paid staying at a Vegas hotel and the $100 deposit seems to be standard compared to most.  A clean bed and a showed with some good customer service is the least I expect when I go somewhere and since I always get it here, it suits me fine.  P.s. The Deuces wild is the best thing going for $2.99.
1 So you're looking for a place off the strip where you could find yourself a cheap room for a night or two, a good meal, and maybe a little bit of Vegas fun. Well, when this place was Terrible's Casino you probably could have gotten all that. Located a hop from the airport, close enough to the strip to see some action if you'd like, and a great "no-frills" deal for the economy minded or business traveler Terrible's was that. In the past year, though the Terrible Herbst company has drifted away from gambling establishments and sold to Affinity Gaming where Terrible's Hotel & Casino is now the Silver Sevens Resort.  Here's my review of the place when it was Terrible's: http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=F4_zHEXU1p5E12A2o-5_ZQ&q=terribles  None of this is true anymore as they completely overhauled the establishment. Well, aside from the aesthetics. It's still looks like a Vegas local's spot with a tight casino ground floor and second story loft style area for dining, bingo, and a few more games. It's everything else that has changed.  Dining One of Terrible's greatest appeals was it's dining deals. There were great $9.99 meal deals that included prime rib and a roasted half chicken. Graveyard specials included $2.99 bacon and eggs breakfast. The buffet at Terrible's wasn't the best but at affordable prices and the frequent BOGO tickets that could be found, the low price trumped the limited selection. These are all but a memory as prices have gone up and having a player's card only gets you $1 off. The graveyard specials are now limited to the single menu item and those wonderful $9.99 are gone completely.   Hotel For a reasonable price, Terrible's room were a great deal. On top of those wonderful secret "resort fees" that they tack on now (this is everywhere now), Silver Sevens now includes a $100 deposit to any stay! Keep in mind, this isn't just $100 for the room in which they will refund you (usually in 48 hours), this is ON TOP OF your room stay amount that they authorize for. The worst part is that they NEVER tell you this when you book the room. You just show up and they tell you this as you hand them your card and ID. If it's a slow night, be prepared to argue with the front desk supervisor about canceling your reservation without notice, too.  Amenities Forget it, there are none. Even the WiFi in the rooms are no longer free. Which was a HUGE reason why I would stay there. If you're a gambler, drink wait times are excessive and the pool isn't heated. Can't say much about the room itself because I didn't want to drop the deposit. I will say that the location is great and close to everything.   My $.02 Silver Sevens is a HUGE disappointment of what used to be a great hidden gem a city that's at the ready to gouge you of all your money. As a former local, I used to enjoy going there because it was a great deal. It was a great place for locals to enjoy some of what their city provides without obligating to the strip. Perhaps Silver Sevens is trying to re-brand and compete for the same market as their neighbors the Hard Rock. I don't know but it seems like Station Casinos or even Sam's Town might be the winner of this.  Giving the "new" Silver Sevens a 1 Star for the overall suck of the place now that it's not Terrible's. Which is a huge drop as compared to the 4 Stars I gave it's predecessor.
3 This is my third stay in this hotel in the past year.  I come here because it's close to UNLV, which is where I need to be.  I think that others who have posted reviews for this hotel are being overly critical.  To be honest, this isn't the hotel where I'd stay if I came to Vegas for a fun trip.  I'd pay a little more and stay at a hotel on The Strip.  This isn't where you come if you want to soak yourself in the excitement of Vegas.  This is a no-frills hotel and casino.  The pros about this place are that it's cheap, it's clean, there's some opportunity for playing the slots or table games, and the food is decent.  The cons are that more than half the rooms in the hotel overlook the hotel parking lot.  Looking out my own hotel window, I see a bunch of hotel employees sitting on a bench waiting for a bus to take them home after their shift.  It's a little depressing.  It reminds you that Vegas isn't exactly a never-ending party for everybody.  For these hotel employees, it's just a hard job that requires manual labor, and the pay isn't even good enough for them to afford a car to take them home.    The hotel recently changed its name to this new name.  I suppose they changed management.  It used to be called Terrible's Hotel & Casino.  I prefer the old name.  Silver Sevens is a very generic name that means nothing significant and can be easily forgotten.  Nevertheless, the hotel is still the exact same as it was under the old name and ownership.    I paid $21/night here, plus an additional $3/day as a "resort fee," which is still a term that I don't understand.  They say that covers the cost of using the pool (which I won't be doing because it's too cold), and the parking lot (which used to be free, so why are they charging money for it now?).  It does not cover the cost of internet.  There is wifi here, but it costs $4.99/day.    My overall impression: This is a good hotel to stay for business, but not for pleasure.
4 *** I ONLY CAME HERE FOR THE FOOD. DID NOT STAY HERE! ***  THAT being said, this review is for the steak and eggs special....  OH. My. God. SO. delicious. @_____@@@ Steak was SUPPER good, eggs were phenomenal, but what you really need to get is the whipped potato and gravy on the side....  I died.  I might have been drunk, but gdi that was the BEST steak and BEST mashed potato I've ever eaten. Really nice waitress as well. It's hard to be chipper at 5AM :P
1 Well I've been to eat at their cafe twice now and it was easily the worst service I've ever had the second time. The four separate individuals who attempted to serve us got very confused as to who was handling what and as a result I never got a refill for the table's sodas/beers or got a chance to ask for things like ketchup or jam and we ended up grabbing them off other dirty tables nearby.   When my server-one of them- came for our drink orders, I asked what beers they had on tap. she told me none, so I asked for the bottled beers list. She answered "I dunno, Bud Lite, Budweiser, there's a lot." She literally threw up her hands and shrugged. She did not know how much it was a beer and said "Something like that," when we asked if it would cost more or less than $5. It was like pulling teeth, it's a shame that these people have jobs when there are way less lazy homeless people out there.   I ordered eggs over easy which came fully cooked in the center and were served with cold bacon and rye toast. The toast came out well. My bf got the chicken fried steak, which is pretty tasty, but the check was dropped with the meals and no one offered us refills despite the fact that my boyfriend made a point to ask twice. We wanted to get dessert and split the check, but it seemed like they really, REALLY didn't feel like up selling that day.   We flagged someone down finally to order dessert, got gross mushy apple pie which they claim is made fresh every day. Well, I've had better pie at McDonalds. It was gross and if they are really baking these fresh they should stop now and invest in some Sara Lee frozen crap because it's better tasting than their pie.  My buddy picked up the check rather than try to get these geniuses to split the check properly. I've never even seen such an I-Don't-Give-A-Crap attitude from someone at work before. There are people who are unemployed who would love an opportunity to give great service and get a good tip, but the people employed at the Silver Sevens cafe clearly don't care at all.   Finally we got a manager and complained and he just took off the cost of the pie and apologized. Him and the very sweet hostess who seated us were the only good things in the place. I miss Terribles. This never would have happened when it was Terribles.
5 I am super impressed with the renovated Premium rooms in the hotel. These are not suites but rooms that have been renovated. The Tower rooms have not been renovated. It's off the strip, so I'm reviewing accordingly.  There was a surprise $100 DEPOSIT at the front desk, so make sure you have that before checking in. It's hefty, but I bet it's sort of a "sketch deterrent" practice since the room prices are so low.  The staff was super professional and genuinely friendly. Hotel check-in is located at Guest Services, and you can sign up for the Player's Club as you check in. No free play, but there is a $5 slot play coupon in the room.  Spacious, ridiculously comfortable bed, clean, and nice. Huge pool. Ample parking, no problem at all.  I booked this room on a winter weekday on Hotels.com at around 4 PM with the last minute specials for $20 with a $4 resort fee. Most cheap spots in Vegas have exorbitant resort fees. The Silver Sevens is reasonable.  The elevator was nearly impossible to find on my wing, so they could use a sign. Ask for directions.  This spot is rad, even for double the price. Stay here. I'm very happy to give them an updated and upgraded review!
3 This was the first time that I have been in Silver Sevens Hotel since it changed names from Terrible's.  I didn't gamble and only came here for lunch at the buffet with a client.  The parking is always easy and plentiful.  They seemed to have made a few changes and it seems brighter than before.    But, the buffet to me was uninspiring and not so good.  But, that is for a different review.
1 2 words: BED BUGS!  I got a room here New Year's Eve. I paid  $141 for the room. Insane considering the bites I took home with me. I slept all night in a bed in room 1171. Unaware that I would be bitten 12 times by bed bugs in my very interrupted nights sleep. Partially because I was being intermittently bitten, and partially because the jerks in the rooms next door ON BOTH SIDES  had their TVs on what sounded like full blast all night long. (Or the walls are just literally that thin.)  We went to check out in the morning. I told the woman at the front desk about the bug I found crawling in my bed when I woke up in the morning. She said "what?" So I repeated myself a bit louder. She acted like she was going to refund me for the room. She told us we were good to go. We left for home. I called the "hotel" later that day to find out when I should expect the money to be refunded. The assistant manager called me back. He's a gem. Let me tell you. He said he had terminex come out and they didn't find anything. Right. That's fine. I took a photo of the little bugger for your viewing pleasure.
4 We stayed at the silver sevens hotel because we got an offer in the mail for 2 comp. nights and 2 free buffets, I was hesitant about it because I had never stayed there before and it's not exactly a 5 star hotel, but we made our reservations anyways. We got there a bit early and when we checked in the lady that helped us was very nice and professional. We got to our room on the 1st floor and the room was clean, spacious, quiet and everything was working just fine, we got a premium room, they are freshly renovated. I would stay again at this hotel. Buffet was good but very limited, but it was free, can't complain. Yes I would come back.
3 My mom and her crews stompin growns! The OGs still call it Terribles. To me its like any other locals casino. No glitz or glamour at all! They have a good members playing card. Lots of benefits if you come here often. I dont think my husband or I would ever stay here but my mom swears by the suites. Parking is easy. A few blocks from the strip.     Played some money here but didn't get any wins. Maybe we'll get lucky next time?!?!
1 Had a an hour before an appointment and stopped here to drop a few bucks in a slot machine to kill some time.  I have not been since the change over but at Terribles I had good luck there.  Never even got a chance to try.  The casino stinks of old smoke...it's like walking inside an old ashtray.  The kicker is there was not ONE ATM that worked on the floor I checked 6 and all of them said disabled or ATM not working.  That is awful....how can you gamble if you can't get any money?  I asked a floor person if they knew where there was a working ATM?  She pointed to some of the ones  checked but after I told her those were broken..she walked away and disappeared.  Bad service, can't get any cash...what kind of casino is this...not even third rate..
4 We stayed here because I had a comp room,  dining credit and free slot play.  The room was spooky.  We were on the ground floor with a noisy air conditioner,  No facial tissues in the holder and a used towel hanging on the back of the bathroom door!  The breakfast buffet more than made up for it!  Enjoyed the fresh pineapple, cantaloupe,  honeydew, oatmeal,  cream of wheat,  pancakes,  omelettes,  crispy bacon,  etc. I was too full to get cold cereal and crepes; and was too late for the fresh strawberries.  YUM! ! The gambling was great!  I swiped my Players card for a bonus $10 for my birthday which totaled $25 in free play.  The five cent video poker machine turned it into $30 cash!  Then I tried the progressive five cent poker machine on the wall. ..hit four aces with a kicker & walked away with $100 profit!  Thanks for the free room,  free food and cash!  I had a great time!
1 We ate at the S7 buffet on a Tuesday evening for $9.72 (with the a-play club card, it is 8.99/person, but we also had a bogo coupon)  - The cost of the buffet without a card is 11.99. It took a while to get a players card bc the guest service line to check in the hotel is the same as their players card line. - There was nothing appetizing at their international buffet. I don't say this much but it was mediocre at best! I do value price vs quality and comparing it to feast which is the exact same price for dinner, feast buffet wins by a long shot. Even Hometown buffet is no match compared to this place. The quality of the food takes first place for being the worst.  - I didn't bother trying to eat much since almost of their entrees looked unappealing. The prime rib was recooked so many times that there was no longer texture and just felt like mushed meat. Their fresh fried chicken tasted like microwaved banquet. Their soups and gravy had a nice thick coat at the top layer proving it has been unattended for a long time. Haha.  - I can go on about their tacos, Chinese food and dessert, but their only deeming quality would be their friendly service. Fast drinks.  - After just getting one plate, I decided not to get anymore. I did try their ice cream machine to make a root beer float but it was a complete disaster. Maintenance was working on a leak that was from the root beer while I was getting my soft serve. The I cream literally came out in small clumps, which seemed that I had to pump the handle for anything to come out. Haha - Even for the value, I wouldn't recommend this buffet to anyone. A meal for 2 at a favorite fast food is a better option. That's good that they changed it from terribles to silver seven bc they truly fooled me! Haha
4 Stayed here for a 3-day weekend. I'm so happy I booked in advance because this place seems to be a popular choice.   Affordable prices. ($82/2 nights+$100 deposit-read the fine print, folks...it's there).  My customer service experience at check in was nice. The guy was fast, friendly, and gave good directions. Even complimented my husbands fine beard! (;  Clean room (Non-smoking premium 2 Queen) Comfortable bedding/bed-pillows be like oh.my.gosh. Ample parking. Within walking distance to the Strip (which I wouldn't recommend doing if you're wearing heels) ah, lesson learned.  Elevator was squeaky and scary...no lie. Flickering lights and all.   We had 4 people to our room and it was definitely space friendly. Wish the bathroom was slightly bigger, but it was more than accommodating. However, the shower head was very low and water pressure sucked! I specifically loved how many tables we had in the room for all our junk. Plus, a nice wall mirror to assist in getting ready for a night out!   Aside from the not so pretty view, I would definitely stay here again!   Side note: This was mine and The Beards first time in Vegas so no comment on this particular buffet, or casino. We wanted to experience all the glitz and glamour the Strip had to offer.
3 We only visited the buffet thanks to 2:1 coupon.   Went there for lunch on a Thursday about 11:30 and found the friendly staff in probably all of Vegas!  They were amazing.  There was no line to seating was speedy.  As for the buffet, it's only $8 for lunch so you get what you pay for.  Not a ton of choices, but I did like the fact the had frozen yogurt instead of ice cream.  Fairly standard meat section with a handful of other items.  All their food was as you would except for an $8 buffet.  However, for 2 people at lunch, $8 was perfect!  We will definitely come back next time we're in Vegas.
4 I wen to the Coffee Shop for dinner. I had the 16 oz country fired steak for $9.99. It was huge. was pepared just right and the country gravey was very good. The potatoes and vegetable we ery well prepared too. The 16 oz portion, the have an 8 oz for $2.00 less, was big enough that I took over half of it home. Country Fried Steak and eggs make a gr8 breakfast. One delimiter, the service was terrible! All in all I will ge going back and I want to try the Buffet. The Buffet has stuffed green peppers, one of my favorites.
5 Had I read the reviews before staying  there I never would've chose that hotel but I didn't find it to be as bad as the review I did find the limited cable channels they sold more movies but I did enjoy my stay I found them to be kind and courteous I don't think I would do it again though I will return to the Bellagio. Room service was great!
2 There was plenty of tables available but the lady at the counter was super slow. So, I was with family before heading south to California. I seen the sign that said $7.77 buffet. WRONG what that means you get $7.77 if you have the members club card. Ok no biggie I paid an extra $2.00 no problem. Then I went to eat first stop salad. They had dark green salad which was happy about. Then the story goes bad from here. The salad had next to nothing for topping. I was able to get some olives and cheddar cheese. No bacon bits, no sun follower seeds no tomatoes no red cabbage. Salad bar sucked. I got through the salad then went to get something to eat. The only thing really interesting was the taco bar which was ok but rather limited. The meat was super salty and the extras where far and few. Then finally I went to try out the pizza. It was wood fire but then I ate it there was way too much cheese on the pizza and the sauce was sweat. Seriously who puts sweat tomato sauce on pizza? That pretty much did it for me with this buffet. I will spend the extra next time before heading home. It is good if you want to just scavage but for a satisfactory meal I will pass.
5 Just stayed here 12/28 and I must say i was impressed for the price. I used kayak and got a great deal on a room 80$ a night! The gambling floor is laid out nicely and I always was able to jump In. I would defiantly stay here again.
1 DO NOT STAY HERE!! I was unfortunate enough to stay here last week. While we were sleeping a guy broke into my room and took most my belongings. I notified Hotel desk and security no more than 5 minutes later. Later that day when i asked about the matter I was informed that they could not give me any information, and to contact my own personal insurance and or lawyer. Almost a week later after numerous Phone calls and messages I have still not received a call back or new information on the case..
4 I was very impressed with this hotel!! This is a true case of " don't judge a book by its cover"! Living in Las Vegas for 15+ years and staying on the strip on multiple of occasions I was very optimistic about staying at this hotel. Given the location and the appearance from the outside! Boy was I wrong. The rooms are very big and updated! Love the theme! I felt I was at the beach with the color schemes. The only reason I'm not giving this rating 5 stars is because the size of the bathroom and the nosies the toilet made once it was flushed. The size of the bathroom was very small.  Not much room to maneuver , beside that it was a very nice room . The staff was really nice! Housekeeping was very on point when we asked for extra towels!! I recommend it for anyone who would like to stay at a very nice hotel at a low cost! It's doesn't have the fancy strip feeling but it is very well kept! Most definitely staying here again.
3 I came here for my bday because it was the cheapest lol they rooms where nice and clean but the walls are thin and all night i could here the people upstairs walking back and forth.  The gambling was ok and won a lil money back.  This would not be my first choice to stay but overall for the price everything was great.
3 For the most part, you'll find me in casinos on the Strip battling it out but when I want to play for FUN and not put serious $$money on the tables, I find myself relegating to small local casinos not far from the Strip and this one is very close, about a mile away.  I have mixed views about this place. For one thing, a lot of people who frequent this casino just don't have any sense of fashion. Second of all, and this is a big complaint, at the Sportsbook, you can't have a seat and catch a game without feeling that you're sitting besides a homeless person who hasn't showered in a month. For some strange reason, it appears sports bettors are not given priority in being able to sit first. I'm very social and I like to give people the benefit of the doubt but come on, the lack of personal hygiene of your fellow man can be repulsive.  Now there are positives. The dealers are pretty cool, the pit bosses are very welcoming and some even greet you with a smile. They easily comp you for their buffet or restaurant cafe which can be found upstairs. The casino floor is well laid out and small to navigate so for the few cuties that stop in once in a while in high heels, it shouldn't be an issue. There is plenty of parking close by so step out, grab your ride and go to your next spot. For me, I usually hit the clubs on the Strip when I'm done here playing poker.  The atmosphere is local, the attitude is local so keep that in mind if you're coming to Silver Sevens from out of town. I have never stayed here for the night so I can't speak for their rooms and their amenities it includes. All taken into consideration, I will still drop by this little casino and pass some time
1 I'll make this review short and to the point.  * The water from the toilet was constantly running. All night. * The AC was NOT working (Hint: Vegas is hot). * There was slack in our room door. That meant every time someone nearby closed/slammed theirs; it caused it caused ours to make a loud clunk. * The people directly above us walked very loudly and heavily (at all hours of the night)... * ...Which caused the guest next door to scream his lungs out to tell them to be quiet. * The pool started playing some loud crappy music at 9AM. * The sheets feel like cardboard. I guess they've never heard of softener?  We got there late and really needed the rest. Unfortunately we were just as tired leaving this place. You've been warned.
1 Great crack head hang out spot!!! If your into shooting smack, sleeping with hookers and being a all around filthy human being.. This is definitely the place for you! Horrible staff, even worse bartenders and cocktail waitresses. I've been robbed there twice. This place is great!!
4 As a writer and reviewer in the adult industry, attendance at the annual Adult Expo at the Hard Rock is mandatory. Staying at the Hard Rock, however, is optional. The last three years, I have stayed at Silver Sevens and have been pleased with the service and accommodations. The rooms are modest but spacious, and amenities like coffee machines, and irons and ironing boards, are a phone call away.   I was particularly pleased with the security available. Upon request, I was issued a safe deposit box at the cashier's cage to secure my valuables like my laptop computer and silver cuff links. I was issued the key to the box, which can only be opened with the traditional two-key protocol. When I wanted to access the box -- which can be done anytime day or night, the cage never closes -- I would present my key and sign for access. There is NO EXTRA CHARGE for this.  I also like the Deuces Wild breakfast at the café. Two eggs, two pancakes, two sausage links, $2.99. Beverage extra. If you order coffee they bring you a pot. One immutable rule of trade shows is to start your day with a good breakfast, because you don't know when you're going to eat again. Deuces Wild does the trick nicely.  If you're looking for a pleasant, affordable place to stay in Las Vegas, Silver Sevens is an excellent choice.
4 I was told once, "There are two things that casinos don't have, clocks and mirrors".  A clock, so you don't know what time it is; and a mirror so you don't see how bad you look, after long hours of gambling. lol THIS casino did have a mirrors!  Unfortunately, we did not stay the night here... but, since this location was so close to our hotel, we kept coming back here to eat and gamble. I liked this casino, because our chances of winning on the slots were so much greater than going to those big fancy casinos.  The hotel we stayed did not have a casino, and no restaurant; it was boring and bland. And the review on the hotel we did stay, coming soon.    I was playing Texas Hold'em, I believe it was called limited. I've always played with family, without rules, 1st time playing with strangers and rules, I was really nervous. BUT, Michael and the other dealer was both patient with me, and were teaching me as we go. They suggested I get a players card and explained how that worked. So being around a bunch of strangers, I felt so comfortable, and I completely blended with them. In no time, I felt like a pro! :)  We went to a wedding in downtown Vegas, then after the wedding, hung out and played in multiple different casinos. My mother, who loves to gamble, wanted to go back to Silver Seven casino.  Towards the evening when we were going back to our room, she suggested, "how about we stop at the Silver Seven and try our luck again. That's the only hotel where I was actually winning." So, guess what, we came back to Silver Seven after 2:00 am that evening.  The next morning, after we checked out of our hotel, we went back to Silver Seven for breakfast and continued to gamble.     The only negative thing about this place is all the smoking in the Casino.  Unfortunately, there was no section available for those who are non-smokers. 2nd hand smoke is just as bad as taking a hit yourself.  Additionally, getting into the parking was a bit tricky.  It felt like a long drive to get into the driveway when the guest parking was in the front.
5 I'm a Vegas local who has a mom who likes to play BINGO when she's in town.  She says Silver Sevens (used to be Terrible's, used to be Continental) is the most friendly, fun and LUCKY place in the city to play bingo.    I've never played bingo in my life, but my wife and I accompanied Mom and I have to say..... it was charming, clean, well run and Mom hit a bingo for $110.     I'm not sure Mom realizes her chances of winning in a SMALL room increase BIG time.  Maybe a lot of other people don't either....cozy room had about 50 players at 7pm.    I got a little lucky at video poker too.   We'll be back:)
1 Too bad!!! So fucking baseness！we booking this hotel a room, the first price is $148, when we check out they deduction $211！！ they didn't  tell you, if we do not check our bank account, we did not know !
1 Great service! Saw a bug (the indestructible r-type) in my shower. Otherwise clean
1 This review is for the casino portion only. After walking around, the first thing that came to mind was that why would anybody want to  stay here. Let me explain.  I came here for two reasons. One was to check out their $7.77 special in the Sterling Spoon Cafe which consists of Half a Rack of Ribs and 10 hot wings which sounds like a good deal. The second reason was to go check out a comedy show on the same floor.  As we leave our car in the parking lot, we make our way to the front entrance. Just right before that there is a drop off section for cars to go through. Watch out for idiots that are not paying attention for you might get run over. The exhaust from cars passing by was overwhelming. Since it was really hot outside, we were happy to enter an air conditioned building. Not.  As soon as we walk in, we were literally ran into a wall of cigarette smoke from all the smokers playing at the tables and slots right as you enter. I take back the overwhelming exhaust from outside for the smoke inside was an understatement.   After eating at the cafe and watching the comedy show, I just wanted to get out of there before I contracted lung cancer. Memo to new owners of this place. You may have changed the name but the sickening environment is still the same. I literally had to keep my windows down in my car as we drove home so I can try to get the cigarette smoke off of my clothes.  So for those of you that are in search of good food deals, this is not the place for the mediocre food does not make up for the health hazards that you are exposed to. Defintiley not coming back to this piece of dump establishment. Based off of this, I can only imagine how horrible the hotel rooms might be.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #137 "New name, same dump"
2 my boyfriend and i stayed there last weekend. our first time at this hotel. i thought the room was clean and spacious. the smell in the hall of chemicals from cleaning the carpets lasted the whole weekend. it was not pleasant. i'd suggest water steam cleaning. food was good at the hotel. the smoke was bad. at checkout i had to step outside, felt like i couldn't breathe, and i was only downstairs maybe 15 min tops the night before. and i don't have asthma or a cough.  the pool area was nice, but beware of the chemicals. the hot tub wasn't bubbling but we popped in it. the chemical smells again were nasty. you could feel it on your skin. we didn't stay in it. after cleaning ourselves off we were driving home the next day and we still smelled the chemicals on our skin. it ruined my new swimsuit. it still smells like chemicals after 3 washings (one in vinegar to try to rid of the smell). it took a couple days for our skin to return to normal. that is just not healthy. we paid $40 for 'resort fees' for our stay to have that happen? staff was nice. i asked for a blanket one evening (none on the bed) and was told they don't have any. never got one the whole time i was there. luckily had a comforter in the car i dragged up into the room. good deal, yes, but not sure i'd stay there again for these reasons.
1 For the hotel portion this place truly wins the badness award. Long laundry list of things. Toilet clogged, food sucked something fierce(not even Mac and cheese on the buffet), water pressure uber sucked, shower head was like a trickle, hot tub didn't work, the list goes on an on. Long story short, you get what you pay for. Never staying in this hotel again. You guys really do suck, I'm not even sorry. First bad review I ever left too. So be happy silver seven, you earned it to the fullest.
4 I've had a few visits to this property over the years under both the current and previous owners, and based on what I've seen, it hasn't really changed much, with the exception of maybe removing the McDonald's inside and rebranding with a new name.  I recall it being one of the first properties I visited on my first trip to Vegas a decade ago, so I'll always be fond of it.  The buffet was excellent, and the mainstream restaurant kicked out the biggest slabs of prime rib I think I've ever had.    The little convenient store in the middle of the casino was always good about letting you pay for merchandise with comp points/dollars.  There always seemed to be a huge selection of beer available for it being a convenient store.  I had a one night stay in one of the standard rooms in the original tower, ground floor.  It seemed to be a step up from a Super 8 or maybe an Econo Lodge, but nothing too extravagant.  My stay was comped, but I've seen very good pricing here if you're paying for rooms.  I've heard that the newer tower and the jacuzzi suites are a bit nicer.  The check in desk area was a bit convoluted, as it seemed to be right smack dab in a corner of the mainstream casino floor.  Usually best to leave your bags in the car until after check in to avoid the madness.  There have always been a good amount of local patrons in the casino, many with interesting stories to tell.  Definitely worth considering if you're looking to stay near the Strip without paying high prices (it's within walking distance), and it's directly across the street from the Hard Rock.
3 Staying here, eating here, even gambling here is laden in process. The check-in for the hotel is also the guest service counter for the casino, so it takes a while to do anything. Getting a seat to eat at the cafe is an ordeal, even when it's not very full. On the positive side, the hotel, though dated, is incredibly inexpensive. My wife and I crashed for the night with four grandkids, and the two rooms only ran, well, I probably shouldn't even say. Also, their deuces wild pancake breakfast with meat and two eggs only runs $2.99. I was surprised with how good it was. Overall,a very good deal, but the service end needs work. Everybody was polite, but the system needs work.
1 I only went here for the buffet but from what I've seen in this casino, everything is equally mediocre.The buffet itself was tiny compared to most casino buffets with only three and a half stations to really choose from. Everything tasted over-cooked and flavorless except for their beef brisket which was pretty good. The service was slow but friendly. The overall experience was pretty "meh" for me. Would I be returning? Only if I had a casino comp. Otherwise no, spend your money elsewhere.
2 Stayed here for 3 nights.  Here's a real quick breakdown:  Pros: Clean and spacious room Decent pool, deepest it goes is 4.5 ft I think. Shuttle to the strip 4x a day, but that's also a con.  Cons: TV didn't work No fridge in room Distance from strip Thin walls.  Our experience was we could actually hear someone snoring in the next room. Few people working the front desk, which means longer waits.   We stayed here to try and save some money, but ended up paying more for taxis anyway (and who doesn't love getting Vegas history lessons from taxi drivers?), so next time we'll just stay somewhere on the strip.  It's just more convenient and I would advise you to do the same, unless you're driving.  It's not a bad stay, but I wouldn't stay here again unless I had no other choice.
1 This review is for the casino itself , and it not that great ! I really wanted this place to be better after it's rebranding , but it's really gone down hill , I think they alienated their core customers , which are locals. after all we are the ones that keep this place in business after everyone goes home ! Whoever does their casino marketing really needs to be fired ! There really is no reason to gamble your hard earned money away anymore , other than to get comped at their crappy restaurants & as it is , if you do wander  into their restaurants for whatever reason the prices are pretty cheap to begin with, so dropping some cash into their machines is kind of a moot point !  Before there were point multipliers during the week which you really didn't mind dropping a 100$ or so , because you were earning part of your money back in free play , points or could use them to buy beer , cigarettes or crap in the sorry ass gift shop ! But now the only point multipliers are on weekends , which as any local knows , you just stay away from the strip area if you can on fri, sat sun !! I play here out of habit , but like so many others I'm over it !! there are no familiar faces of my fellow locals anymore , it's basically just a rest stop for hookers and other malcontents during the week with the occasional tourist that got rooked into booking a room there!! It used to have a fun vibe , but whoever is running the place now must have a no smile policy , because everyone that works there looks like they hate their job or are looking over their shoulder because they are afraid of getting fired or f@&king up !! I'll still go here every now and again , but for rewards and to drop some of my cash , I'm going over to a few of the other local haunts , where I feel my patronage is appreciated !!
1 I wish I could give this place 0 stars. By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas.   Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests. This was not the case. Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people.   Next, my room was absolutely filthy. There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room. The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit. Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it. The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels. Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you. Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.  Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.  After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.  If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass.   In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little. Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
