5 Our new Favorite Yogurt shop!!  Great selection with great prices and in good location.  Good selection of toppings to go along with it
5 This is quickly becoming my favorite place for froyo! My daughter asked if we could go to frogurtland aka yogurtland and after I stopped giggling of course I said yes! They have a great array of flavors and a ton of toppings including my favorite oatmeal cookie & pumpkin. Swirl those together and it's froyotastic, top it with granola and it's froyomazing! For the last few months they've been adding in Looney Tunes inspired flavors, with collectable spoons to match, the newest is a fruity Marvin Martian kaboom sorbet, a mix of eye popping lime and pineapple!  Their employees are personable, especially Timmy who took the time to introduce himself and shake my daughter's hand. He was sure to let the customers know about sample cups, stopped to say hello, kept the place clean, all with a smile! If you love froyo, this is the place to go!
4 Love Yogurtland, love the tart varieties and fresh fruit toppings.
5 I love Yogurtland!  Their froyo is far superior to the other yogurt shops around here.   I haven't been anywhere else since it opened.  It is clean and delicious every time!  Best of all, there's no play area so it's not full of screaming children! *cough* Swirl It *cough*
5 Service & yogurt are both great. There at least once a week. Wish taro was always in stock & that fruit selection a little bigger. However still the best around.
5 The yogurt is definitely a 5 star, I always love Yogurtland. This place was even more special, their customer service is great! I came at 10:15, they close at 10. And yet they unlocked the door and let me in to get my yogurt! The staff is genuine and nice. I love this place!
5 Best yogurt place in Mesa. Healthy, inexpensive what more can u ask for. Favorite flavor is the dragonfruit and the coffee flavor. Plus they always have fresh fruit for topping unlike other areas.
4 I was super excited when I heard that a Yogurtland was going in at Dana Park because I love Yogurtland. The one in Tempe is little to far for me to justify driving to just for frozen yogurt. This location is clean and bright. They do seem to have a pretty high turn over it is always a new person working then the time before. The last couple of times it was pretty cold inside which will be nice in the summer.
4 Yum yum yum!! Is there crack in their yogurt? Seriously crave it and am there at least twice a week. Only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the last time I was there someone screwed up and didn't make cookies n cream!
2 I'm very disappointed! Their yogurt doesn't taste as good. Not as creamy and flavorful as it used to be. I don't know what changed but hopefully they fix it!
1 Checked their website that said they closed at 11pm Sunday. Drive all the way there and they are closed. Come to find out on yelp they're closed at 10. There's a discrepancy somewhere that needs to be fixed.
3 fro yo is icey. it was creamy in the past. topping bar is messy and not usually stocked. i would also say the store is generally dirty.
2 Went back Thursday evening with several friends. the store was dirty again, some yogurt machines were partly open and you could see into the back room, yogurt was dripping down the front trays and walls onto the floor, several partially filled yogurt cups were left sitting at the bottom of the dispenser, dirty floor, kids behind the register not paying attention. Also, all of the flavors were icey and lacking in flavor.   Dear owners: you have a problem with this store
2 First things first...don't try to use the yelp check-in offer here. It will be awkward when you happily show them your phone and then get rejected in front of a long of people.   Yeah. AAAAAWKWARD.  Just don't do it. They don't honor it anymore. Someone at yogurtland needs to get that removed from the yelp system to avoid further embarrassing the yelpers.  Here's the thing, I typically LOVE me some yogurtland. I would stop in everyday if I thought I could get away with it.  This location is a tad messy...which sucks because it's so conveniently located to me and is housed at at Dana Park which is an awesome shopping center. This location is messy, the staff isn't overly friendly (I feel like I'm not allowed to have sample cups for example) and I'm ready for new yogurt flavors already! They rarely have any good no sugar added flavors.
4 Super Yummy!  What else can I say??
5 Great place to beat the summer heat! I love this location! Staff is always friendly and lots of seating. They always have a dairy free option, that changes regularly. I enjoy trying the new flavors and toppings!
