5 My hubby and I was checking out another store in the shopping center. I saw the sign for a $20 one hour  massage.   Figured that is a great deal so why not check it out.   I have never had reflexology done before so I was excited to see what was the difference.  I was pleasantly surprised. I got the combo massage where they do your feet, then shoulders neck and back. Omg!!!! Where has this been all my life!!!  Tom was excellent and really strong. I feel fantastic!!! I will become a regular!!!! :-)
5 I've been searching for a new reflexology location on the east side of town, and let me tell you, Ocean wins, hands down!  I came here one evening about two hours before closing.  It was quiet, relaxing, and they gave a wonderful full-body reflexology massage.  For those not familiar, you sit in a large specialized recliner with all your clothes on.  Take off your socks and shoes and they soak your feet in hot water, while soaking, the manual therapist massages your arms, neck and shoulders.  Then they spend about 15 minutes doing the reflexology, which is foot massage, on your now soaked-and-dried feet.  Sometimes the pressure can be intense, just let them know.  Once your feet/lower legs are done, they lay the chair flat and turn you over to work on your back/legs/glutes.  It's a nice way to spend $20 and an hour - also a good intro to massage.  Tom was nice, I will go there again!
3 I had a good experience 2 times but when I went with my wife and was time to pay the English speaking woman asked how much tip we wanted to leave and we said 5 dollars  which is 25 percent.  She complained that we should leave at least 10 dollars and said most leave more.  This was a Huge turnoff.  I might have left 10 anyway but it's not her place to tell me what I should leave.  Not going back because of this
5 I decided to check this place out after reading the Yelp reviews. Boy was this a treat! They have $20 for 1 hr or $30 for 90 mins. I called a few hrs before they closed to see if they had availability and they told me to come on in. The place is quiet, calm, and very relaxing. As a first timer i didnt really know what to expect but the woman kept checking in on if i was comfortable and how the pressure was. (this was a big plus in my book.) I left feeling like my body got a work out, stretched, and a lil sore but much better than when i came in. The best part was the card i got at the end where when u buy 10 massages your next one is free. This place is really inexpensive and worth so much more than you pay. So mske sure you tip well bc the staff really makes sure you leave feeling better than you came in.
5 First time customer, and definitely coming back! I received an amazing massage from Tom. He is incredible. Definitely not for the weak, he really gets into those knots and sore spots. I felt amazing afterwards! It's only $20 for a hour, so tip well! It's amazing you can get a massage so cheap, tipping them a decent amount for an amazing job is still cheaper than going to other places. You also receive a little stamp card and your tenth massage is free! I highly recommend this place!
5 I'm hooked! The price is more than reasonable for the way it makes my body feel. I'll plan on going back once a week.
5 I wanted to find a place closer to my home in Henderson instead of driving all the way to Chinatown for a foot rub!!  LOVE THIS PLACE.  My boyfriend and I came and got an hour+ massage.  I had ANDY and he had MIA and I would highly recommend both of them!!!! Very strong, efficient and friendly.    The store is small and they care.  They also give you a punch card.  10th massage is free.    I look forward to returning!!!
3 Nice and clean. My friend and I came for a reflexology foot massage. I was pleasantly  surprised that they worked on the whole body whilst fully clothed. The massages were very good. There were many disruptions during my friends massage because they seemed to be fairly busy. (Thursday around 1:30)  It was a great experience, my service was disruption free, with the exception of the end of our service. She told me the massage was $20 plus a $10 tip!  Personally, I  don't  care being told what I should tip. Poor form. Otherwise I would have given 1 more star. Overall it was good.  I was really put off by the whole tip thing. I left the required tip but I may not return.
5 Me & babe usually get massages in California. Either northern or southern because they're so cheap.  It was hard finding a good palce here in vegas, and i didnt want a massage place like massage envy. Found this place on yelp and their prices cant beat any where else. $20 for an hour massage and $30 for 90 mins. OMG best deal! We've been going like ever other week now. They're really professional there and its really nice and calming.  I think one time babe said i fell asleep while they were massaging my feet LOL how embarassing.   But they do a really good job always getting my knots out and making me feel relaxed.
5 Great massage, great price.  I'm officially hooked and I will be back for more.  One and a half hour massage for 30$...plus a nice tip.  I walked for 50$. Totally professional and very clean environment.
5 Great place for a massage.  Very clean and professional. They give a full hour massage. You keep your clothes on. They start massaging your head and work your full body.
