1 Hubby and I moved in here 2 years ago, in he beginning it was AMAZING. it was run by fairfeild management and I have to say they are the best they really cared about their residents and the property. After about a year Picerne took over, and OMFG this place went to hell fast. the management is the worst. they put notices on our door for non payment of rent when our rent was in fact paid, we have had to make numerous complaints on our neighbors downstairs for the fighting and slamming they do at all hours, we have called the police more then once, yet Robin refuses to deal with the problem. The cleanliness has gone to hell too, there is dog poop every where, the garbage by the elevator is almost never emptied unless you call to complain about it, and the smell from it will make you want to vomit. the pool tile hasn't been scrubbed in so long that someone wrote in the film on it picerne sucks... one letter in each tile that goes all around the pool. The elevator is also a problem they don't properly maintain it and it is constantly breaking down. In fact my husband was stuck in it for over two hours, and recently another resident was stuck for over an hour.  Over all do yourself a favor avoid picerne and avoid mosaic all they want to do here is collect rent, everything else can fall by the wayside. If you want a great place to live go to a fairfeild property they are what management should be like.
5 I lived here for 2 years. I love it when I first moved in. Fairfield was the management company and they really kept up the property. It was a young fun place to live at. Friendly neighbors and they would do party's at the pool area. Yoga on Mondays and really felt like resort living. Once Picerne took over it turned very much into families with kids and the monthly activities that they had were very kid oriented as coloring contest monthly and ect. They're definitely more family oriented for the monthly residents activities.  I loved living here, but these apartments weren't made for kids!
1 I was offered a new job in Las Vegas and was apartment hunting. Mosaic looked like, and the leasing staff was nice. However, they required my email address before I was able to take a tour, and I have been getting emails almost every other day since (it's been 2 weeks!). I replied numerous times saying that I've turned down the job and no longer need their apartments and want to be removed from their list, but I never hear back from them and there is no unsubscribe button in the emails. I still get the same auto-generated blast email repeatedly from them. It's very annoying and a turn-off to me as a once prospective tenant. If they can't even manage their email systems, can they really manage an entire complex?
