5 Best idea of this year!  An El Pollo Loco in West Las Vegas!  They just opened and the place was PACKED.  I couldn't help but thinking that we would wait at least 20 minutes for our food. To my surprise, it came out in less than 10!  It was very, very quick.  Plenty of seating space.  Friendly empmloyees that come around asking if you need anything and they even come around with a tray when you're done eating with napkins, mints, toothpics, etc.  Its like a fast food restaurant with waitresses, but not really.  The food was awesome. I got the #7 Grilled Chicken Salad. It was awesome.  The mint-green dressing and the roasted corn on the salad was most memorable.  My friend got a Chicken Avacado Wrap and he thought it was good.  The drink choices are good.  They have the Low Calorie Lemonade from Minutemaid and then they also have CHERRY COKE!  I'll definately be coming back to this place soon.
4 Grand opening is today! I'm happy there is one on this side of town. The true test will be to order chicken breasts and see if they have them. The other locations would strangely run out of breasts. They did forget my soda at the drive thru but when I went inside to tell them they gave me free flan! The drive thru went quick for a long line. Looking forward to seeing if they keep up the good job.
3 Food hasn't been bad.  Always hot at the least.  People seem friendly for the most part.  But I must say, this location hasn't been holding up to the same standards.  They consistently forget the little things like my salsa.  Also, food quality has been lacking a few times as of today.  My chicken came out over cooked on the thighs.  Still love el pollo, but needs improvements.
5 I'm so happy they have an El Pollo Loco nearby!! I've been saying for YEARS that they should open one in the southwest area! I love coming here because it's my healthy alternative. It's so easy to eat unhealthy around here because there's too many fast foods! By the end of the day, I just want to pick up food quickly and go home. El Pollo Loco offers that for me. Looks like they're brining the big cups back for salsa because they had these little dinky cups that only fit one bite. I guess I go at off times because it's not as busy as the other El Pollo Loco's can get. Going there tonight!! Can't wait :)
5 Kimberly is seriously the best cashier I have EVER had the opportunity to have take an order from me. Always smiling cheerful and happy to do her job. Keep an eye on her I see her going places. The food is always perfect and the rest of the staff is on top of their game too. Keeping up with our tables needs like clock work. I am seriously surprised at the couple of less then 5 star reviews because this place deserves every one of them and more from my MANY MANY visits to this location. Thanks and keep up the great work! Customer for life :)
5 I was very excited when I learned we were finally going to get an El Pollo Loco on this side of town. I Visited this location during its first week of operation and was more than impressed with the speed and quality of service. The food was cooked just right and came out almost immediately even though the place was packed. I've been back several times since they opened and every time I am left beyond satisfied with the service. When your food is ready it is brought out to you. When you are finished someone comes and picks up your tray for you. Even the lunch time cashier, Kimberly seems to do a far above average job of taking your order correctly the first time and keeping the line moving regardless of its length. This is doubtlessly my favorite El Pollo Loco location in town and it is perhaps my favorite restaurant in town because of the high level of attention to detail and friendliness that comes out of what one would expect to be just another fast food location.
3 The chicken is delicious! I'm a huge fan of their mac&cheese too. I've only been to this location once, it was a Tuesday night around 6:30. It wasn't really busy, but the tables seemed dirty (the floor under the table was awful). We had ordered one of the family meals and asked for a couple water glasses. They said they were out and grudgingly gave us one soda cup for three people. That's a little ridiculous. It's not our fault they were out of water glasses, there's no need to be all grumpy about giving us cups. We really did only want water. That's a minor issue, I know, but it was frustrating to need to share one cup between three people. We can't drink soda right now, so we weren't going to buy a soda cup just to get some water.   Apart from the stupid cup issue and the slightly dirty appearance, it was fine. The chicken is always amazing.
4 I was here on Day One and I feel they've been pretty consistent with both food and service. It's nothing special considering it's a chain, but there's nothing to complain about either.  Overall, I'm glad this location opened up. It is very convenient for me!
5 Thanks, great deals! Great customer service!
4 The salads are the best thing on the menu...
1 Went to this location last night, got a pretty simple family meal that comes with 2 sides...AND SHOCKER...one of the sides was wrong.  I asked for rice and mac&cheese, got rice and beans *bleh*.  I think I'm going to just start tracking the "mess ups" on Yelp!  So sad...it's LITERALLY every time I come here, something is wrong.  First time, missing a burrito that I was charged for, second time no chicken on my salad when I asked for no pico...third time no tortillas in the bag, and on and on.  This was my SIXTH VISIT!  0 for 6 is pretty sad...Too bad there isn't one closer to me.  All I can do is laugh...it's hysterical.
1 I really like el pollo loco but some things not right at this location. The last 2 times I've been, the chicken looks like it came from a small bird then cooked and left under a heat lamp for a few hours. I really hope not all locations have gone to this meat.
1 Always out of chicken. Staff in a hurry and throws your food around. They act like you are bothering them.
2 We always enjoy el Pollo Loco, so we were disappointed with this place. Upon walking in, the place looked great. Chicken was cooking, and everyone was busy getting ready for the day...it was 10 am.  Sat down and waited for our order. Looking around we discovered that this place is poorly managed. The chair legs were filthy from where a mop had been up against them, there was crud of some kind...food probably...on the window sills, glass doors had hand prints all over them, and there was standing water with some warning signs around it. Little things really, but it all added up. That being said, the tacos carbon and the salsa bar were really good. We had a side of tortilla chips that were stale. They were cold and stale. Blah. My guess is that we will never come back here again. They need better management.
2 I usually order the family meal-- their fire grilled chicken is usually tasty, hot, tender and flavorful, but lately the quality has deteriorated. The past 2 times I ordered through the drive through,  the chicken were dry and inedible--- it will be awhile before I try them again, too bad as this location is really convenient for me :(
