1 Las Vegas Skin & Cancer has several locations around the Las Vegas valley. This review is for the location directly across from the St. Rose Dominican Hospital - San Martin Campus. (1/2 Mile South of I-215 on Warm Springs between Durango & Buffalo.)  Healthcare in Vegas is really like that old Clint Eastern Western titled "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly. In the case of LVSCC, my visit started out good when I pulled in to the parking lot and found a nice building and plenty of parking. But once I went through the sliding doors and opened up the door to LVSCC, things started going South. First off the staff is not the friendliest group you will encounter. The counter space is kinda weird, it's cluttered with crap, and oh yeah, there's a bunch of funky looking tablets sitting there...and you're going to get to use one. I hope you brought a debit card as they take cash, but as the sign says no $100 bills are accepted.   When you get your hands on the tablet you'll understand why they want you to arrive 30 minutes or more early before your appointment. I love digital health records. I love efforts to reduce using physical paper. And I kinda like being able to pay with my debit card right from the tablet. But the interface for this system quite frankly sucks. It's an awkward, slow, plodding process to get through a bunch of info that I can usually knock out in about 4 to 6 minutes flat as I come prepared. And as a 20+ year IT guy I know the quirks of these devices...that being said if it sucks it sucks, and this device sucks. The doctor who thought it was a good idea to use those tablets and the service behind it is kinda getting screwed in my opinion based on my experience.   Once you finish the long tablet process and swipe your card and get an option to have the receipt emailed, you take it up to the counter and get asked: Did you swipe your card? Hmmm...if someone uses Square to take a payment in the same time frame my phone should be going off with a payment confirmation email and theirs should be too. Your system doesn't do real time confirmations of any kind? Yeah. Point made.  So after all the electronic hoops you get to sit in a waiting room with one TV on the far wall and cool your heels. Your appointment time will come and go. Ellen will come on. She'll be on her 2nd guest and then you'll get called to the back. You'll get to talk to a nurse who asks you what you're in there for, she writes it down and off she goes. At least the wait for the doctor was short, but the doctor I got looked at a few things and was like...no issue, no issue, aha, that looks suspicious, I hear cash register bells, oops, that's something that needs to go.   So next thing you know you've got a nurse shooting you up with enough pain killer to numb a horse, and then you're getting cut on. And then it's done and you're told we'll hear back in a week, and here's some after care instructions. And then you hand the superbill to the lady at the front desk and out you go. And then 2 days later the bandage comes off...and you look and you see a cut that..well it sucks. I can say this because I've had the same procedure done to me on a finger no less, and that scar is one that is clean and not something I'm embarrassed about as my hands have been on camera more than once. But this new cut on my leg...ugh. It's going to be ugly. It's like someone took a dime and cut a circle around it out of my leg and then slapped a band aid over it and said it is what it is, deal with it.   Needless to say I see a tattoo in my future to take people's eyes off of the dermatologist's work.   1 Star, under protest, with a possible placement on a special list or two that you don't want to be on. It can be better, I have the clean scar to prove it.  Edit / Update: It's been over a week. Still no call back on the lab results. The 1 Star and list placement is fully justified.
1 Worst doctor/clinic I have ever been to. Dr Susun Kim came in for two seconds at most and then prescribed me something not even telling me what was wrong with my skin. When I tried to tell her my symptoms she seemed to be in a rush and I felt as if I was bothering her. This place is horrible. Please do yourself a favor and save your time and money. No one here knows what they are doing. I could not even take them seriously.
1 I do not even know what to say. I have seen two different doctors and both have the personality of a cardboard.  The assistants are quite nice, but the doctors are not friendly, not helpful.  I was in and out in two seconds on my last visit and I am still having a problem.  Dr. Hall and Dr. Kim, I hope if either of you need a doctor you get treated the same, and get no care. Why become a doctor if you clearly do not want to see patients and help them feel better.
1 Susan Kim.   Everything you read about this doctor is completely true! She was the worst "doctor" I've ever come in contact with. I wish I had more to say about her, but she was in and out of the room so fast, I hardly had any interaction with her! Before I had the chance to ask her any questions, she was out the door, leaving me with the nurse to answer my questions. Gr8. She clearly couldn't be bothered with me.  Not only was she completely unhelpful and barely looked at my skin from ACROSS THE ROOM, she prescribed me the WRONG medication for it, similar to other Yelp reviews with people having the same experiences. Please stay away from this clinic.  I'm seriously so upset that I wasted $30 copay on this appointment.  :'(
1 What a horrible experience! I had the misfortune of seeing "Dr." Kim. There is no way she can be an actual Dr. The check-in is ridiculous. I arrived prior to the appt and was given a tablet to put my info into which took s much a long time and asked questions that had nothing to do with my appointment. When they finally call me into the office I sit there waiting for over 20 minutes plus the 15 I waited in the waiting room. There wasn't anybody else in the office! The nurse had zero bed side manner. When "Dr." Kim decided to grace me with her presence and we went over why I was there she was so nonchalant about everything. She didn't take the time to properly go over everything I had asked and kept saying not to worry about it. When we went over the second reason I was there, again she brushed it off and didn't listen to what I was saying. When I told her I had tried numerous OTC and none of them worked she instructs the nurse to give me samples, if they had them BUT not too many. Serious? As if I'm there to clean you out of free samples. Before I could ask her a third question she was out the door.   Complete waste of time, unprofessional and couldn't care less about the patients.   Save your time and money and seek a Dr who cares and is knowledgeable.
