5 So pleased with the service and work here. Excellent turnaround and I couldn't be happier with my altered pants. Prices are fantastic too. Will definitely be back!
5 Less than a week before my sister's wedding, my Maid of Honor dress FINALLY arrived from David's Bridal. Because of my curves, the dress was a size 14, and needed to be altered to my size 8 frame. With minimal time before my departure, I found this gem- by word of mouth- to have altercations done! On Monday, Irena gladly took my stressed exhaustion and promised to have the dress done by Thursday at Noon. The store was so clean and decorated fit for both a Queen and King. Simple yet fancy...I received a call Tuesday BEFORE noon that she would have the dress ready for pick up anytime I could come in. She had my dress finished less than 24 hrs from drop off, and more than 72 hours from the promised date. She is so kind and lovely and was very meticulous! Not only was the service amazing, the price was incomparable to any other establishment! $60 for a formal dress alteration!? Thank you, Irena! I will return with more services needed and will continue to pass the cards and words around about the amazing work!
5 Took my wedding dress here to have alterations done & hubby's suite for alterations :) We are very pleased Irena is amazing she is so sweet & does fabulous work. I was promised my dress by the 24th & received a call 2 days after drop off & everything looks perfect very reasonable prices. I will be bringing all of my alterations needs here from now on :)
5 My new place for tailoring in Scottsdale! If you are looking for a professional tailor with great attention to detail, excellent customer service and very reasonable pricing you will find it with Irena at her new shop, Golden Thread. With years of experience in alterations at Nordstrom, Irena is extremely capable.  Her bright and airy shop, conveniently located in the TJMaxx shopping center off Miller and Camelback  offers ample parking and easy access.  However, it is Irena's warm and caring personality combined with expert tailoring skills that make her shop first class.
5 Irena is great at what she does and is always pleasant to deal with. I highly recommend her alterations shop!
5 Irena is amazing. I used to go to her when she did alterations in her house. I am so glad she opened her own shop and took her business to a different level. I recommend her to everyone. She id very good at what she does and has a talent. She did many, many dresses for me over the years and I am glad she now has her own business!!!!
5 Recently moved to scottsdale and was looking for new tailor. This place was recommended by dry cleaners I use. Irena knows her stuff. Everything comes out perfect. Not only tailored to perfection but always ironed/ steamed. Also pretty fast. I highly recommend this place.
5 Couldn't be happier with the work Irena does. Everything she tailored for me was impeccable. She is also a perfectionist (which I appreciate!) I asked her to reconstruct a skirt, and when I tried it on, she wasn't completely satisfied, she remarked and took it back to work on it some more.   Definitely will not be going anywhere else for tailoring.   Seriously though, fit is so key in clothing. Spend an extra $10-$15 and you can make anything look amazing and perfect for you.
5 Irina did an AMAZING job altering my Paloma Blanca wedding dress! She worked her magic to make it fit me perfectly, added the jeweled belt I had bought separately and took in the skirt from A-line to a modified trumpet/mermaid style. She made me feel so comfortable and made sure I was happy with the final product - all for a very affordable price. I recommend Irina to anyone, for everyday alterations as well as formal gowns. Thanks again! Maria
