5 What a terrific jewel discovered in my old mall!  It was just about closing time, but the owners were happy to make rich, flavorful falafel, and savory beef saaj plates.   My wife and I loved both dishes (the beef saaj is tasty, though very familiar - not particularly exotic - it is basically shawarma spiced beef in a pressed & toasted tortilla). The hummus was really lovely - just the right spiciness along with fresh pita.   Sahara Express seems like a few other restaurants I've seen started by optimistic and generous entrepreneurs - very often after a little while the quality goes down and the prices go up. I hope that doesn't happen here, but in the meantime it really seems they are providing excellent quality and charging as little as they can, and I think they should be rewarded for it.   Love this place and will be back!
5 An amazing find! This is way to good for a mall! Our son actually stopped eating his beloved panda express lunch after he had one bite of their chicken shawarma. The portions were generous so sharing with his appetite was not a problem. The staff was friendly. I cant wait till we go back.
4 Fantastic food, what a great surprise! Everything was fresh, affordable and super tasty. I will definitely be back, yum
5 I had a side of chicken shwarma it was amazing with their garlic sauce I did not have any of the vegetables or hummus
5 Affordable, fresh, fast, and great tasting.
5 Located inside a ghost town of a mall, you'll find this hidden treasure.   Talk about reasonable prices. $4.99 for a large plate of their chicken schwarma. And it's excellent!  For mall food, Sahara Express is something special. I just hope that survives the mall seemingly closing down around it, and if they are forced out of there, that they're able to relocate somewhere decent and keep cooking up the best (and only I know of) Iraqi food in town.
5 Located in the food court at Fiesta Mall, definitely a hidden gem.  We wanted take out for a Saturday evening am this place was perfect.  The chicken shawerma was so good!  Served on a delightful bed of saffron rice and a side of buttery hummus and salad.  If you're looking for Middle Eastern takeout, give this place a try. We loved it.
