4 Overall, it was a good experience.  The Wreck sandwich was very tasty and the price with chips and a drink was reasonable.  Others have complained that the sandwiches were too small but I thought the portion was perfect for lunch.
4 First time eating at a Potbelly shop. To be honest, I came here because I was looking at stocks to invest in and I read that Potbelly was good.   My impression? They are so good that I feel bad for the Wildflower bread company a few shops down. Don't get me wrong, Wildflower is good, and is great for business lunches or perhaps bringing your parents to; but for the average Joe who just wants a cheap, delicious, lunch, you can't compete with Potbelly in terms of price vs quality. I think Potbelly will steal a lot of customers away from Wildflower who don't feel like paying 7-10 bucks for a sandwich.   Great place. Amazing chicken and cheddar sandwich.
5 I was super excited when I saw they added a Potbelly to North Scottsdale. Today was my second visit.   I had the Chicken and Cheddar sandwich, it's very basic. Chicken, Cheese, Bread (lettuce, tomato, pickles) but it was phenomenal. I also added a cup of vegetable soup which was surprisingly very tasty.   I ordered online this time, my sandwich was ready but they still needed to scoop the soup which I appreciated. Nothing worse than cold soup.
4 I never heard of this place until one appeared in north Scottsdale so I checked it out. I've ordered two sandwiches from here so far and loved them. My favorite is the Pizza Sandwich; a sub with pepperoni and meatballs, its quite impressive. Pricing isn't too bad with a sandwich, chips and a drink running around $8 to $10. Definitely worth trying if you wanna mix it up from the normal Subways and Jimmy Johns.
3 My girlfriend absolutely loves Potbelly. Unfortunately, nothing beats our Chicago locations. Our sandwiches were definitely smaller than average and our shake was basically solid ice cream. She and I found this place just as underrated as our Jimmy John's in Flagstaff. I'm starting to believe that everybody in Arizona has no idea what they are doing with food, even at chain restaurants.
4 Ate here for lunch today and was pleased for the most part. The staff was really friendly and fast. The chicken and cheddar sandwich was awesome. You have to add the hot peppers! Yum! The southwest veggie soup wasn't the best, but it was decent. The sandwich made up for it! I'll be back. :)
5 My favorite HOT sandwich place. I highly recommend the Mediterranean sandwich with grilled chicken. So good!!!
5 Friendly staff, unique sandwiches, nice selection of glass bottle soda, and their Christmas milkshake was fantastic!  Price was fair for what you get.  There is some tough competition in the neighborhood with Capriotti's, Jimmy Johns, and that Which Wich place (haven't been there yet), but I feel like I could hit this place once a month.
4 Sandwiches are delicious! It's toasted and the the tastes really get to you especially with the meats they use. I guess you can say that it's a little fancier version of other sandwich shops.   I prefer the Italian or the Wreck (which is like Italian except it has roast beef)  Other items on the menu looks really tasty too!
4 Nice hot sandwiches in a super cute shop with nice fixins and smaller, reasonably priced portions.   The ingredients are a little more interesting than average.  Their vegetarian sandwich has humus, feta and artichoke, instead of the usual veg offering: just multiple deli cheeses.  They offer mushrooms as a topping (always delicious) and heating the sandwich really does give it a little something extra.  Their pizza sauce is tasty (and the pizza sandwich makes a nice veggie alternative if you replace the meat with mushrooms and sliced tomatoes).  They have lots of great options like thin-sliced rolls (they'll take out some of the middle for you), and they list the calories next to everything, including the desserts.  The food isn't huge, and is priced accordingly.  My husband and I are big fans of that set-up.  We wish this shop were closer to home!
5 This is the best sandwich place in the area!  The "Wreck" is soooo good.  Great price for how much food you get.  I'm a fan of the soups and of the chili as well, not to mention the employees are always friendly and patient no matter how busy they are.  I really do enjoy dining in, taking out, or having delivery from Potbelly.
3 I have driven by this PotBelly  hundreds of times and have seen them popping up in quite a few places lately.  I have always had the intention to stop in.  Well, I was finally able to do so.    When you walk in the first thing you notice is the funky décor.  Made to look like an older restaurant, I almost think they tried a little to hard, and don't really see how it ties in to the food they sell.  But thats just my own little opinion and does not contribute to my star count  or return factor!  They have a large selection of sandwiches that are all put through the oven and a soup of the day.  The sandwiches are good, but are very small.  I found myself leaving hungry.  I'm sure I will stop in again sometime but only of I'm looking for a quick snack as for me this was not a meal.  Return factor-70%
4 I went here for the first time recently. I never heard of the place but I was in the area and all of the other lunch options in that center didn't look appealing to me.  So you don't look like a total newb like I did - you order your sandwich and that person puts the basic ingredients on it, then sends it through a toaster conveyor belt, when it comes out the other end someone else puts your choices of condiments on it, wraps it up and then you pay and either sit down or leave.   They have a number of choices and it's nice that they list the nutritional details on their menu board. I went with a friend and, totally ignoring the valuable nutritional information, we got the chicken/cheddar and the Italian and shared 1/2 each.  Both were pretty good.  Certainly not the best sandwiches I've ever had but better than Subway by a mile and much much better than a fast food burger.  Two sandwiches, two fountain drinks - $11. Well worth it.  I'll certainly go back.
