1 This place is terrible.  I have to start off by saying that I am not a member at this gym, but I wanted to be... I read from a fellow  Yelper that you could use the cardio and weights for $10 a month.  I wasn't sure if this was just a promotion so I attempted SEVERAL times to reach out to Spectrum.  I email them through their website a couple of times, and I also found an email on their facebook page.  After attempting to send at least 4 emails that warrented no response, I thought maybe commenting through their Facebook page would get them to respond.  I simply stated "does no one return emails from Spectrum Fitness"  Of course since this was out for the world to see, they quickly commented "we haven't recieved any of your emails except the one you just sent" amazing how the email started to work!!  I inquired about their memberships, since I belong to Pure Barre, I just want somewhere to run indoors.  They told me that they had a basic membership, for $9.99/ month a $49 enrollment fee and a $39.99 annual fee.  Annual fees are all of a sudden part of memberships at gyms, find I'll pay my annual dues, but we all know enrollment fees are just a way to collect more money from me.  Collect it from the people that dont use their memberships.  They also had a premier membership $20 a month with some other fees.  On their website they say they will waive enrollement ifyou bring in your old gym key tag!  Perfect I was going to switch gyms!  When i inquired about this, he said only if I bring in a coupon... no where online does it say I have to bring in a coupon.  When asking about this I got NO RESPONSE.  I emailed them again saying exactly what I wanted out of my membership, take it or leave it.  I then got a response saying that they can't remove the annual fee.... NOT WHAT I WAS ASKING! Thanks for not answering my questions correctly.  I haven't heard anything from the last two emails that I sent so I then decided I was over it.    What a joke this place is.  Unlike Facebook they can't remove my review on Yelp.  People should be warned this place does not have it together!!! Don't waste your time with a management team that could care less that you are there, but just want to collect a bunch of BS fees.  I wish I could have given 0 stars to Spectrum or Evolution or whatever this place is called!  **After dealing with Quan at Spectrum, he then told me "oh you are confused we are Fitness Evolution now" even though he knew I was referring to WHATEVER the name of the gym is... But change your facebook, change your email, and send people to your new website, then you can avoid POOR POOR customer service and confusion.  I guarentee I am not the only person to be confused, MAKE IT MORE CLEAR!
5 I went to fitness works for over 5 years and joined Fitness Evolution this year. They have started to build up there group fitness program. I've been taking Body Pump classes and really enjoy the energy of the instructors and class. Carmen is the instructor I've been taking the body pump class. She teaches us form, technique and keeps the class moving. If you're looking for a nice, clean gym try Fitness Evolution and definitely goto Carmen's pump class.
5 One of the best and least expensive gyms around. I pay $10 a month and it has everything I need. Good machines, plenty of cardio equipment, a squat rack, a pool, and lots of free weights.   I have looked at several gyms in my area and this one was hands-down the best in price and options!
1 I would give them ZERO stars if I could.  We joined before summer (husband, son and myself).  No issue at that time.  Couple months later we did not have fees taken out.  We asked...yea no idea.  Okay?  Asked someone else, let me look into it.  Finally weeks later yea something happen and we were not in the system, so we brought in a new check.  Again...nothing came out for payment.  I finally said forget it cancel the accounts.  Now into December we are getting automated calls saying to call a number regarding our accounts.  I call OVER 30 MINUTES on hold and the recording is for a software company to do your gym accounting or something.  Finally a person answers and they have NO idea what I am even talking about.  UGH!!  Then try going into the gym and find someone over 20 who can help you.  Totally unable to do that.  What a MESS.  Still we have no fix.  Skip this place!!  12/24 update - still no help in this.  I have left messages for a manager to call me back time and time again.  Called again today manager is on vacation and staff has no idea when he gets back. So frustrating!!
5 Joined fitness evolution this week after being a member of lifetime fitness for 10 years. Day after we joined was the annual member appreciation holiday party how fun that they do something for the members and they gave away prizes  Wasn't sure about the move after being member of another gym and all they offered but really liking the gym as I use the gym daily. Nice choice of machines , as female have been able to get into free weight area with no problem and cardio machines are great too  and never have to wait for an machines here
1 This place is under new management but I refuse to take my child there or use the facility due to Lice. UGH!
2 They have changed their plans since I started going. They no longer offer unlimited guest passes, freedom to go to both locations or the classes with the $20 a month plan. Will be looking elsewhere at my year end. I had to pay $120 enrollment fee and a $39 annual fee when I signed up and that is the only reason I'm staying for the full year.
1 ATTENTION:: I was overbilled 2x n a month., I payed 1st & last month already.  , dont get fooled w/their 9$ special. I will never recommend this facilities to everyone.  They billed me 39$ for their maintenance watsoever. MANAGER doesn't know wat is  costumer service...
1 I payed first and last month when I started with this gym when it was Spectrum. They got bought out by this horrible company and the new management is horrible! I have been back and forth for a month and a half trying to get my last months fees back since they billed me. I have talked to 6 different people at both locations and corporate. I keep being told they will call me back and I have yet to hear back from anyone. I am actually waiting for a girl named Stephanie to call me back right now, she was supposed to call me back in 15 minutes.. It has been 7 hours and I have called back twice. This is unacceptable. I was with this gym for two years and had personal training with them the entire time and I was warned they would try and charge me one last payment so I stayed on top of it and no one is able to get back to me. WORST GYM EXPERIENCE EVER!
1 Please do not trust this gym when it comes to billing.  Our account has gone to several different places and after speaking to their billing department in MN I was told we would receive correct final bills to pay.  Never saw them and now they have sent our account so collections.  ALL I want to do is pay the CORRECT final amount and close these accounts, BUT they have not helped us at all.  The manager Quan did nothing but LIE to my face regarding helping us solve this issue.  We are now looking at taking legal action to solve this issue and contacting the BBB to file a claim.
1 I cancelled my Gym Membership Spectrum/Fitness Evolution on 2/15/2014 and I received a confirmation email that my gym membership was cancelled. I noticed on my July bank statement that the gym continued to charge me and automatically take out the money on a monthly basis despite the fact that I have cancelled my membership. I have been battling with them for 2 weeks now trying to get a get a refund and I just keep getting bounced from one member to the next. I called today and a representative by the name Kim Garcia asked me for my name 5 times in order to pull up my file and then placed me on hold for 14 minutes at the beginning of the call without letting me know the reason I was being placed on hold. I hung up and called back and a gentleman answered and was able to pull up my file in matter of seconds. I would NEVER recommend anyone to join this gym; apparently they do not have a cancellation policy and will continue to take your money even though they said they cancelled the membership.
