5 Love this place, my husband and son get their cuts by Lenny, he's the nicest guy ever and great with kids. Atmosphere is great, his cuts are awesome and he's the only one that can have my son sitting still for 15 min ; ). They have ipads and games, drinks, not something we are used to seeing at regular barbershops.
5 You can't get a better fade in the valley. Lenny really hooked up this barbershop. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
5 When I moved from Dallas a few years ago I had a hard time finding a barber that could FADE and give me straight lines.  I went through 3 barbers in about 4 months before being referred to Lenny (when he worked at another shop before becoming an owner).  It always takes barbers some time to get used to my hair; it's very unforgiving.  My hair grows unevenly...  Some spots are thicker than others and Lenny was able to conquer my head.    His new shop located conveniently off the 101 near Arrowhead Mall is awesome.  There's an XBOX, flat screens, nice seating, water and even BEER.    I've recently moved downtown and travel from 30-40 minutes to get a cut from Lenny.  I usually send him a text of my estimated arrival anywhere from 30 minutes to several hours in advance and I've never had to wait long, if at all, to get my cut.  I even took my dad to get a cut and I had to reassure him that other people can fade, it's not just the BROTHAS.  They also sell AVEDA products and other personal hygiene items.
1 Where do I begin?! The worst experience ever!! I asked for a certain haircut the whole time the guy was trying to make a fool out of me, telling me I don't know what  I was talking about. He was speaking in Russian with the other worker most of the time, (not the best feeling when you dont know what they're saying), and when they asked who cut my hair last time I told them I went to v's which did a great job (who was completely book) and they were trash talking about the competition. Then Lenny I believe after the trash talk tried to save some dignity and told me the barber I went to was a nice guy. Give me a break! Such bad energy and the worst haircut I ever received. Definitely not what I asked for. When I told the barber i wasn't satisfied he started complaining "iv been working on your head this whole time.. I don't know what you want." And Lenny from the side "if you don't want to pay for it" as if money was the issue. I payed and I'm sorry that I did. Left with holes in my hair and such a bad feeling. Got home and shaved everything off. It was unfixable. I'm usually against complaining but iv never been so disappointed.
1 They know how to cut hair if you want a brook or a fade, they cant do longer mens styles and are not knowledgable. Never again.
5 My first visit to the shop today, took both of my bots for a cut. Clean, very family like and friendly!!! Prices are reasonable and they did a good job!!!! Lovd the fact that they have video games for kids and free drinks!!!!
5 This place is awesome!! Very very friendly and they know how to cut hair !!! I've been looking for a barber for so long for my boys and I'm so happy to say I finally found the right barbers here !!! My search is over!!! Big Thanks!! And great shop very very nice and clean! They even have iPads and Xbox to play!!!
4 Quick haircut! Good service.
5 By far the best haircut I've ever had. These guys do great work.  Awesome location and they make you feel at home.  Plenty of TV 's to keep you occupied while you wait.  Always have had a great experience and definitely recommend it.
5 Excellent barbershop! Lenny has been cutting my hair for almost 3 years now, first at another shop, then I followed him when he opened his own place.  I used to live nearby, but I recently moved about 35 miles away and I still make the time to get a haircut at Lenny's.  If you're looking for a clean-cut look, I highly recommend Lenny's.
5 Talking about full service! Walked in with three kids to buy a gift card for Fathers Day. Saw two kids sitting in a barber chair getting hair cuts and thought I would give my four year old boy a try since he was due for a hair cut. At first, i was hesitant to stay as I had my 3 and 6 year old girls with me thinking they would get restless. This barber shop is so accomodating. They had ipads to keep the girls occupied and we were offered bottles of water. My son was watching TV and sitting still while his hair was being cut. I liked the fact that the barber listened and delivered the style that I wanted for my son. The kids did not want to leave the shop! My husband ended up using the gift card a week later and absolutely enjoyed the whole experience. We will definitely be coming back here!
