5 This place is awesome!  They really have a nice setup. Besides the food being amazing, the location is super cute! I always get a panini or salad but they have tons of sandwiches and subs, as well as an Italian Beef right from Chicago. My fiance goes crazy for the beef and the homemade meatball sandwich. You can tell that they use very fresh ingredients and the best quality food. The staff is superb as well! Great addition to the Northeast side. They are a favorite of mine and will definitely be a favorite of many soon!
5 The sandwiches are delicious. It really seems like great care is taken with the food.   The hot sandwiches hit the grill for a few minutes, worth the wait. The veggie panini has a great garlicky flavor, and is served on soft toasty bread. With a mixed veggie medley & cheese, it sounded strange but is an unlikely winner.  I bet any other veggie sandwich combos they come up with would be stellar.  The cold egg salad sandwich is solid too.   Nice service.
5 Delicious!  I had the turkey Panini and homemade potato leek soup.  So Good.  Super friendly staff and great, affordable menu.  Office outing for lunch today!
4 A little pricey, especially for chips and drinks, but the sandwiches are very tasty. They've added a couple of cheaper options like a patty melt that are fantastic. And free cookies!
5 I found this place via a google search for Italian Deli's in Madison last Friday and was very pleased with the results.  I had woke up that morning thinking about a good deli style Italian sandwich and this totally satisfied my craving.  While waiting for my sandwich I learned they also deliver within 5 miles and have Italian Beef sandwiches!  I move up here from Chicago 7 years ago and have been unsuccessfully looking for an authentic Italian Beef joint since.  So today, my fellow Chi-town transplants and I all ordered Italian Beef sandwiches and were really impressed.  This was not the typical Madison version Italian Beef sandwich (what we call French Dip in Chicago), but a real honest sloppy and savory Italian Beef.  If you live/work around the East Side of Madison and you haven't tried this place, you are missing out.  This has definitely been added to our short list of favorite lunch spots near work.  On a side note, one of my coworkers is gluten intolerant and found out that all of their stuff can be made gluten-free.  I think she was more excited than me :)
5 This was really good. We called ahead for 5 subs to go; everybody loved them. Even the little kiddies.  I Don't write yelp reviews very often, but these Sammies were outstanding!
5 Delicious!  I got a chicken bacon avocado panini and it was really good. My husband got their house sub ( we can't remember the name) but it was really good too. It is a little pricy at 8 or 9 per sandwich but they use quality ingredients so it's definitely worth it.  Oh and we got complimentary chocolate chip cookies and those were delicious too! Definitely going back but probably only for carryout as there are only a few seats available.
3 I've eaten here 3 times, and it's always been pretty good.  The sandwiches are pretty tasty. The soup is good. They give you free cookies. I had a pesto pasta salad that was also good. Nothing amazing, just solid food.  The staff is extremely nice. They cook everything fresh, so it does take a bit for them to cook your food. They do deliver, so that is a great option.
5 Someone recommended this place to me last week and I have been back 3 times since. I have had their philly cheesesteak, cheeseburger and their italian panini. All of them have been the best I have had. I am determined to have one of everything on their menu.
5 Great food that mostly seems to be made in house. The prepackaged house salad was surprisingly delicious! Excellent customer service and a willingness to customize dishes. You can add seasonal veggies to the pastas and can get a homemade chocolate chip cookie all for free! Will definitely be returning. Not sure how I managed to miss this gem for a whole year.
5 I ate at Crostini as I was passing through Madison to Chicago. The owner was very friendly and the panini pressed sandwiches were delicious. I split the farmer's market and turkey, spinach and artichoke paninis with a friend. Both were fresh and flavorful. They have gluten free and vegetarian options as well. Also, the jazz piano music playing in the background was a nice touch.
5 Best Chicago Italian Beef I have had outside Chicago. The owner recommended the Italian Beef. He was very friendly and helpful. The sandwich was perfectly crunchy and tasted fresh. Throw some fresh, homemade giardiniera on top and a free fresh baked cookie on the side. I'm sold.
5 Delicious- The service is great, the food is fantastic and they heve GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS! The Italian Beef rocks, and the turkey/ cranberry panini is also great. They serve San Pellegrino and other upmarket bevvies,, and then there's the free cookie.... Eaten here about a half dozen times. Try it, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5 Absolutely delicious!!!! I had the California chicken sandwich and added red onions.  This is an amazing sandwich and I could eat this every day.  Their broccoli cheese soup is great!  Fast and friendly service.  I will definitely be going back here over and over and over
2 After reading all of these great 5 star reviews, I wanted to love Crostini. I really did, but i'm so sad to say my experience there was not very good.   So for those you of that have never tried it, here is an overview with my yesterday experiences: Parking was complicated. There is not really a designated parking area that I could find. There are signs that say for the apartment complex "corner parking only" which I was a little confused by. I did ask the Crostini employees, and they said they thought it was ok to park in those spots. So yeah....not sure if they have parking or don't? Mad construction right now all around Crostini, but I give them mad props for staying open during it! Good work on that.   No Bathrooms! None. So if you have to use a bathroom, go before you come here, or as my wife said to me, "if you can deal with the grossness of the bathroom around the corner at the coffee shop, which will remain nameless", you can use that one if you buy something there.   Atmosphere: Pretty chill jazz music in the back ground, very clean! A good place to sit and read a book outside. Good for 1 or 2 people (not larger groups).   Ok, so usually I can deal with confusing parking, construction, and no bathroom but here is the kicker... From the time we ordered our food, sat and waited......food to go. It took a solid 25 minutes--- With no line.... There was a group of 3 people, that looked like they had been there awhile waiting for their food as well. They finally recieved their food and I heard the counter girl say, "sorry for the wait, I put a bunch of $1 off coupons in your bag for next time".   After these people left, My wife and I were the only customer there, and I still sat for at least 10 minutes more waiting for my food. 2 panini's only!!!! Seriously. A Meatball panini and a gyro panini. That was all I ordered.  Toward the end of waiting after the only other poeple in the place left another guy came in and a employee working there must have known him and decided to have a conversation with the guy about the night before and where they partied (he was also ordering food). Rather than continue making my order, I seriously was a second away from asking for my $ back and just leaving.   The food: My Gyro Panini was pretty tiny considering it was over $6. It tasted good, I'll give them that. It did not come with any side (a very small pickle and green olive only) But there is no way I'm headed back there to pay that much $ for a small grilled cheese, looked like standard cheap (very cheap) white bread and a couple of small pieces of beef/lamb slapped together and crushed with 1 slice of chedder. Nope.  My wife got a Meatball Panini. I ate 1/4 it because I was starving after my small panini which felt like I had ate an appetizer. Her's was about double the size of mine but lacked flavor. It was meatballs, cheese and bread. Pretty much a meatball sub (but they called it a panini???) So the food was nothing even close to resembeling 5 stars. What a let down. I'd say 2 to 3 stars if they are lucky.   The place is tiny. Don't expect to find enough room to have a nice sit down meal if you have multiple people in your group, and just a heads up it's an "order at the counter and wait for your food" kind of place, which is ok. There is nothing wrong with that, but I guess for the person reading this Yelp review, they might want to know that before thinking they are headed there for a nice sit down with a server type of meal---It's not like that.   I did get  my free chocolate cookie, as I read on other Yelp reviews about. Yup, it was a cookie.  Unlike the people that sat and waited who knows how long before me I was not offered a "sorry for the wait" or any $1 off coupons.  Just a--- Here is your food, and a bag pushed my way from behind the counter.   So Yeah, not what I was expecting based off all the great reviews. I'm really bummed about this one. I just feel like I missed out on something that every one keeps saying is so awesome. Man, maybe it was just bad timing...I don't know. I'm just really bummed that this place was not as awesome as everyone said it was.  I should have taken a picture of my tiny panini to show you all (but i didn't) sorry, I was just so hungry from waiting for so long that I never thought of it.  I don't want to shame Crostini and more than I have.....because obviously there are 5 star reviewers out there who love this place, and I wish I had been one of them.
4 I had pretty much been ignoring this place since it opened because I can't eat gluten, so I was assuming that sandwiches=glutenous bread. Last week my partner was all like, "Ever been to this place?" and I was all like, "Um, I haven't been to a sandwich shop in years." But he checked out the menu online and they had some gluten free options, so we decided to check it out. And I am so glad we did. Oh! You have no idea how wonderful it is to taste a damn good sandwich after years of eating bread that tastes like sand. I had the California Chicken panini. It was the stuff of dreams. Hot, gooey, cheesy, flavorful dreams. I am looking forward to our next visit!
