4 Have successfully just "rolled" myself home after a totally lovely evening at the preview opening of the brand new Cross & Corner.    Recently been taken over by new management, this new gastropub has been totally refurnished, it has managed to retain the charm of a more traditional edinburgh pub but with some great quirky contemporary features. A million miles away from its old look, they have created a special place for locals and further afield to enjoy a good meal and drinks.  I had some a lovely big portion of fish and chips, with some properly not-to-mushy, mushy pees and some obviously homemade tartar sauce. Yum! A nice big tankard (nice glasses!) of lime and soda to wash it all down. They even managed to rustle up a decaf coffee for fussy old me as well, and in a proper teacup and saucer. My dining partner had a some properly tasty homemade scotch eggs and steak that looked/ tasted good too.  This place is full of charm, an substantial beer, hand pull ales, ciders, wines and spirits selections and a simple but good menu (not many veggie options at the moment). There's still a few bits to be smoothed out as its brand spanking new, but this is a cracker, be sure to check this place out!
3 since seeing that this bar had been completely refurbished i was quite keen to try it.  so when plans were made to meet here prior to heading to inverleith park to watch the fireworks i was definitely looking forward to finally trying it!  however, i have to say i was fairly underwhelmed...  we arrived a bit early for our 7pm booking but this didn't seem to be a problem as our table was already set and waiting for us.  so we grabbed our seats to wait for the rest of the party to arrive and looked over the menu.  while the drink menu was fairly substantial, i felt like the food menu was lacking a bit.  there was a very limited number of starters, a few sharing boards, and about eight mains (four specials and four regular dishes).  there was also the option of three sides, chips, a green salad, and something i'm totally forgetting.  since we were still waiting for the rest of our party, we decided just to order some drinks and i can confirm that the large red house wine is quite tasty and easy too drink (perhaps too easy...)  when we did order food i got the fish and chips which sounded quite tasty but proved to be just average unfortunately.  the best part for me was actually the tartare sauce although the fish was fresh and quite a generous portion.  the chips were crispy, but since they were sat under the fish a number of them got soggy which is a huge pet peeve to me!  ugh soggy chips :(  the mushy peas were fairly unremarkable as well.  the service staff were a bit of a mix as well.  although they accomodated us sitting at our table early and ordering food at different times, none of us found them overly cheerful and i'm pretty sure one waitress was bordering on being surly.  i can't complain too much though as they also let us pay our bill separately at the bar.  so overall just an A-OK rating from me.  the food was decent but not amazing and i found it was also a bit pricey.  however, the wine was quite good so i'd probably head back here for a drink.
3 Seeing the previous reviews for this newly-reopened pub, I was eager to try it out. I walked from Old Town on a blustery, rainy evening and was happy to take refuge inside. The drink selection was just above average and I enjoyed a nice half pint of a white wheat beer. Since we had arrived at 6, it was easy to grab a table. We managed to locate some food menus and I had the mussels in a light curry sauce which were very good. They were served with olive bread that was a bit dry and tasteless despite trying to be nice. Later I had the chocolate and raspberry roulade for dessert which was delicious but a bit dear for £5.   Overall, this is a solid place. Its location isn't terribly convenient for me so I don't see myself going out of my way to come here often. While one server was really friendly and helpful, another one was just ok and kept trying to take our menu away. I enjoyed the experience but felt the food was a bit overpriced and, later in the evening, it became quite loud and hard to talk with all of the noise of the place. It is fine, though, but not terribly high on my list if places to go.
3 Popped in here after seeing that the place had been renovated for a quick pint. In its previous guise it was quite a rough and ready establishment, and probably not worth lingering in. Now its a completely different place. Nice decor, lots of fancy beers and doing amazing looking food. There was a good range of beers to tempt us and we settled on a wheat beer and cider, this is probaly the only downside we experienced, the price. For a tenner we recieved some pennies back for a 2 pint order.... erm!! The pints were good and the staff were excellent, talking us through the menu and the changes made to the place. Friendly pub that I will head back to in order to experince the food, just watch the bar prices some of the items on tap can be a little expensive
4 I really liked this place as I think they've pitched themselves just right for an audience that wants good food, a relaxed atmosphere and a neighbourhood vibe. I've only been for brunch, so I can't comment on its nighttime strengths and weaknesses.  Around the brunch table was a fine selection of full breakfasts, Scotch eggs, my duck hash, eggs-something-or-other and a general hubbub of contented conversation. The staff were attentive yet relaxed, not too pushy but aware of what was going on. They also have a blackboard list of their local suppliers, which I think is a nice touch: it means you could recreate your C&C experience at home, though without the designers filament light bulbs hanging from the ceiling. Unless you have them in your house of course. Or you live at Cross & Corner.
3 Only been in for a drink but pretty decent. Good range of wines, beers and spirits. Managed to get a seat easily enough and wasn't too busy.   Prices about the same for wine as most places - small wine about £4 mark and good range of options. Staff cheery and friendly.  So, will return if I'm in the area. Might be sticking to wine though - no prices on the spirits section of the menu when I was in so beware of surprises...
