5 I try to have will power and 90% of the time I do pretty good...at least when it comes to savory foods. However when I'm faced with a delicious sweet treat, it's like Pandora's box had been opened and I'm done for. Now I have never been lucky enough to travel to Belgium but after tasting authentic chocolate from there, I am putting a visit at the top of my list. I am so excited to get the first to review for this business and hope I am far from the last. This new Belgium chocolate shop just opened up a couple weeks ago and today I paid them a visit and got to calm my sweet tooth cravings. The Belgium owner was incredibly knowledgable and said they import their chocolate directly from a Belgium man he's known  forever. He then asked me about my taste bud preferences. While I like all chocolate, I'm typically more drawn to milk chocolate and if you add anything caramel, marshmallow or peanut butter then I'm really sold. He directed me to the milk chocolate with caramel inside. One bite and I was in chocolate heaven. The caramel was sweetly delicious and I knew I must have more. I ended up buying two more of the chocolate caramel and two chocolate cream which I was told is like a combination of whip cream and brandy. I'm sold. I will be visiting often and can't wait to try their hot chocolate and coffee. They also had some amazing looking croissants and adorable chocolate gnomes, pumpkins for Thanksgiving and will be getting Yule logs soon. I immediately envisioned serving ice cream sundaes inside the hollow chocolate fixtures.   My advice to you is to pay this new chocolatier a visit and nip your chocolate cravings. If you're wondering where they are located, I will tell you! They are right along the ArtWall, across the street from Tea Time.
5 Stopped in for hot chocolate for dessert.  We had both the milk and dark chocolate and it was great.  The hot chocolate comes with extra chocolate to make it stronger (we didn't need the extras), whipped cream and a biscuit.    We also sampled a few chocolates which were delicious (esp the blueberry one).   All the chocolate is imported from Belgium.
4 This place has an amazing selection of Belgian chocolates.  I had one of the pear flavored delicacies and one of the praline.  Both were very good but the pear was very unique and definitely my favorite.
5 A delicious taste of Belgium, right here in little old Scottsdale!  This little shop is purely reminiscent of a traditional chocolate shop you can find just about anywhere in Belgium- with over 2000 shops in this small country, you can bet they take chocolate as serious as their beer..  The owners are wonderful, gracious, friendly and outgoing people that love to share about their country and their culture.   This charming little shop is located in Old Town Scottsdale on Marshall way and if you are a chocolate lover, you must visit. These are traditional chocolate treats that are imported from Belgium.  Talking with the owner, he described the genesis of his little shop.  Having business both in Belgium and the States, friends would pester him to bring chocolate back and it got to the point where he was ferrying more chocolate that anything else, so he decided he must open a shop where people can come to enjoy and share this delicious little treat.  There is a small community of Belgians in Arizona (very small), but they get together on occasion to share their multicultural experiences with each other, and so, when we visited this shop to buy gifts for my nieces, within minutes the owner had guessed who we were buying for and he was gracious to put together a traditional Belgian chocolate mix for each of them.  We know that they will love and appreciate this little bit of Belgium, brought to you by Christine and Frederiek.  We will be back for more!
5 The Belgian hot chocolate was amazing.  We stocked up on the Christmas gift boxes and asked about their plans for Valentine's Day, Easter, and AZ summers vs. chocolate.  They have it all figured out.  Can't go wrong with Belgian chocolate.  Service was friendly and prompt.  Place was clean and comfortable with a European vibe.  5 stars.  We'll be back.
4 Nice place with good chocolate but I've been to belgium and eaten chocolate there and in my opinion it is slightly better. That being said this place is worth a visit anyway as belgium is pretty far away and this is still really good
5 We had a great experience here, while visiting from Austin, TX. If we could've tried one of everything we would have. I highly recommend taking the owner's suggestions when picking out chocolates to try. Also, try the coffee. They serve a Dutch brand called Douwe Egberts and I LOVE it!
4 Excellent chocolates!  Cute location on Marshall Way.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  THis place is pricey though!  I got a cup of coffee and a three small pieces of chocolate my bill was just over $10.  Good for an occasion but not something I plan on treating myself to on a daily occasion!
5 A few years ago, we traveled to Belgium to visit our neighbors.  There was the most awesome chocolate shop nearby by a man named Marcolini.  Turns out that Chocolade van Brugge fulfill the expectation of true Belgian chocolate the chocolatier studies under Marcolini. My first trip was to buy a birthday gift and a box to share with my girlfriends.  All raved about the taste and I particularly like the way the various flavors come through each bite. I'm so happy to have this store in our city and will be a loyal customer.
4 We were in line for the Belgian waffle bake to raise funds for St. Mary's Food Bank just outside Chocolade van Brugge, but the line was moving so slowly, so we decided to just check out CvB and head to a nearby restaurant for some cocktails.  I initially went in to have a look around while the others were in line and was impressed at the display of truffles, in particular the dark chocolates.  Going back out there and seeing that the waffle toppings were just Hershey's chocolate sauce (contains corn syrup), brown sugar, canned whip cream, and caramel sauce (most likely made with corn syrup), I opined that perhaps we should just skip the waffles and go for truffles, instead.  It didn't take much to twist their arms...  13 truffles and $25 lighter later, I walked with Marian to store our truffles in their cooler in the car and returned to meet with the others just in time as a nice young woman came around handing out dark chocolate strawberry and amaretto truffles to sample!  We all chose the amaretto, and they were d'lish!    $2.50 per truffle, four for $9, eight for $18, and twelve to thirteen for $25, and that's about as much as I cared to memorize.  Everyone who checked in on Yelp got 10%, plus a coupon for 5% off on the next visit.  On our walk to store the truffles in the car, I told Marian I wished the coupon was for another 10% off on the second visit, to which Marian replied "that would be dangerous."  I suppose so... Lord knows we don't need any more reasons to splurge on sweets, nor waste any more money on said sweets!  p.s.  I wanted to wait till I got home to take a photo of the truffles, but I couldn't help myself and had one of the coffee truffles in the car on the way back-- oh, my!  So, so good, and I really liked the sound of the break and the way the chocolate reveals the creamy center in the middle.  Excellent dark chocolate flavor, with slight floral notes, and the coconut flavor was good, not overpowering at all, and not cloyingly sweet, either.  Overall a great truffle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chocolade-van-brugge-scottsdale?select=pcVhwmJsYWsI86ot_pWl0w#l03MT4wk94uykczc0mFWwg --- p.p.s.  Fred, who'd assisted me with info on the chocolates and what goes into them (no corn syrup, all-natural, no "flavorings"), sent me an email thanking me for my review and to clarify that he actually made all of the sauces (he specifically mentioned the chocolate and caramel) without corn syrup.  I hope CvB holds another Belgian waffle event soon, so that I may try these homemade sauces.
5 My coworker and I love chocolate, so we decided to stop in and browse after lunch.  Everything looked so good!  It was difficult to narrow our choices down to two pieces each.  I tried the lavender infused chocolate and it was heavenly.  It looks like we have a new after-lunch tradition!
5 Just a very lovely place nestled in the little shops and galleries along Marshall way. We loved the chocolates that reminded us of all our European vacations. It's a great place to finish out a night of fine dining in Scottsdale.
2 Quite disappointing!   I should preface this review with a bit of a qualifier--my husband and I have been to Bruges (variation of the Dutch spelling, 'Brugge') and thoroughly enjoyed more than our share of chocolates while there. The streets of Bruges are lined with chocolatiers, and we will always remember with great fondness the utter delicacies we enjoyed. In fact, we brought the equivalent of about 12 pounds of assorted chocolates back with us as gifts for family and friends (and kept some to enjoy later). Now to the heart of this review.  I'm appointing two stars because of the large selection and pleasant attitude of (I assume) the owner. However, our experience went downhill pretty quickly.  When we arrived, we were bombarded by a couple of elementary-age girls with chocolate on their hands and faces who promptly jumped up from a large table (which was partially blocking the area in front of the display) and rushed us. At $5 for two chocolates, I could only assume this was a play date of sorts for Scottsdale kids. They were quite persistent, insisting that we "look at what [they're] doing!" None of the moms instructed them to sit back down and leave other customers alone. We would have preferred to have taken our time selecting our chocolates, but felt cramped and rushed to expedite our order (lest I end up with smears or splatters of melted Belgian chocolate on my clothes or new handbag).   We opted for a box of 8 chocolates ($18), and began our selection. We didn't want to duplicate, so we chose a variety from both the milks and darks. Despite our annoyance with the Skidsdales and the fact that we could not relax peacefully inside (there were a few tables outside, but it was over hundred degrees out), we were still elated at having a selection of Belgian chocolates to look forward to enjoying.   Fast-forward to taste time. Hubby and I agreed to split each chocolate in half, that way neither of us would miss out on anything. The first chocolate was forgettable...no great flavor nor texture. 'Must be a fluke,' we thought, and moved on to the next. As we progressed through each subsequent chocolate, a feeling of dread began to settle--they tasted nothing like the amazing chocolates we had tried all over Belgium (and particularly, in Bruges). By the end of our sampling, we were thoroughly disappointed. Seriously, there was absolutely nothing special about these chocolates. In fact, my husband and I both felt they were of poorer taste than many of the mass-produced chocolates that are readily available throughout the U.S.   I could have bought a Dove bar or some Ferrero Rocher---I would have saved money and actually enjoyed the chocolate. Seriously, even Russell Stover, See's, or a plain ol' Hershey bar would have been better. It pains me to say that, but it's the truth.  I was REALLY looking forward to having a taste of Belgium right here in the valley, but sadly, that is not the case. For you Yelpers out there with similar hopes...either grab a Dove bar and suppress your Belgian chocolate dreams, or book a flight. If you opt for the latter, I might suggest you pack light--you'll need to allow ample space for the obscene amounts of chocolate you'll be bringing back from your trip.
