3 Good pizza, though overpriced.  First of all, in my humble opinion the best pizza for the dollar is at Costco, and the best $20 pizza is at Nello's.  That said, I was interested in trying Zzeek's as they advertised that they were not a franchise, so I figure I'd try it and give the little guy a chance.  I ordered a 16-inch Deluxe ($19.99) for pickup, and it was ready in 15 - 20 minutes, about normal for pizza these days.  The toppings were fresh, the sauce tasty, the bread good and yeasty.  All in all it was a good pie, not the best but tolerable.  It was better than the $10 Costco combo, but not close to the Nello's combo.  It was a decent pizza for $14, but certainly not $20.
1 I've only eaten here once and usually I give things a second chance but I doubt I will this time.  The pizza tasted like it was from the frozen pizza section in the bashas that is in the same parking lot...and not even one of the decent frozen brands.  The bacon and sausage on top were pathetic looking and tasted the same.  The whole pizza left much to be desired.    I was also not to thrlled about the younger cook using his bare hands to toss the pizza dough in the air.  Hopefully I am not the only one bothered by that.      This was a take out order and after I had paid I asked for ranch.  The manager said the ranch dressing is usually 30cents per container but this time would be free.  I guess I am not a restaurant owner but charging for ranch seems a bit tough.  Especially thinking how much money must be made on that mark up if you do sell a lot of it.
5 Had this last night and all I have to say is AMAZING! This is definitely my new favorite pizza place and will be returning.  The staff is absolutely wonderful to deal with, especially Jodie. It is a little over priced but I'll deal with that as long as the pizza stays great and the customer service is as pleasant as it was yesterday.  You have to try their breadsticks, there so good! I promise.
4 Zzeek's Pizza Factory -  I discovered them shortly after they opened.  Frankly, they are one of the best pizza locations I've been to in the Ahwatukee area.  These guys are conscientious of their customers and serve a great product.  Their bread-sticks and Zzepoli's are bar none.  The pizza is quite wonderful.  But the thing that really sets them apart is their customer service.  I have food allergies.  They go out of their way every time I show up to make sure I have a good experience.  Last time I went with my friends - the wrong order of bread-sticks was delivered to my table and the cook dashed out of the kitchen to make sure I didn't eat any of that order.  He then replaced it with no further charge.  The same visit we over heard an incident with a lady who was vegan and the pizza she ordered might have had Parmesan cheese added to it, the worker at the counter went out of their way to make sure the pizza was adequate to the customer's dietary needs informing of the possible error and replacing the pizza.  My friends and I often have a joke about Pizza in Phoenix: "Flavor is a double topping" due to places like Nello's or Jimmy's where usually we have to order garlic and basil as toppings to get any decent flavor out of the pizza.  This is not the case at Zzeek's.  The crust is good, the sauce is robust and flavorful and the cheese is very good.  I have quickly become a regular here and will continue to be.
1 Same pizza as Chuckie Cheese?  The crust and vegetables were undercooked, and there wasn't much quality to the toppings.  I hoped this "Mom and Pop" pizza place would be a good addition to Ahwatukee. Unfortunately not on the same level as Florencias, Bel'Italia, Vincent's, or Nellos (all local- Nellos owners live in Ahwatukee).  With Spinatos and Mellow Mushroom in the game as well I hope this place can improve and survive.
5 I stopped in to Zzeek's on the way home from work and I'm glad I stopped! The customer service was absolutely top notch. Followed up with some extremely good pizza and zzepolis(not sure what they are, but WOW!!!!) Barro's USED to be my favorite pizza parlor in the PHX valley but it has recently changed to Zzeek's. This place is a true mom and pop shop and is very hands on and extremely friendly and customer service driven. Thanks for the awesome food!
5 Great pizza and great customer service.   I have been to this location three times sincetthey have opened and have been blown away.  Pizza is fresh and made to order and the sandwiches are a must have.  Definitely my new favorite pizza place!!
5 Pizza is really good. Meatball Sandwich is the best! The Zzepoles desert is incredible.  Great stuff!!!
1 LIES! lured by fair priced beer and appealing looking pizza, my family and I were greeted with the horrid reality of this place. Save your money and buy a Digornio! It might be a bit better.  While the beer was served cold, the pizza tasted like a microwaved lunchable. Toppings were over cooked, the cheese was rubbery and flavorless.   It says a lot about a place when a ten year old is in the back prepping food.   Sorry Zzeeks why don't you try again.
1 I TOO HAD A EASY BAKE OVEN!! Can I open a restaurant too?! Funny how it tastes so similar! While strangely nostalgic, I've long since outgrown rubbery, tasteless pizza. Though customers have the ability to draw on the walls and young children are playing with the food behind the counter, this is sadly not chucky cheese. Sorry Zzeek's but I'd rather visit my cousins playroom for more packaged tasting food. At least she knows customer service.  Honestly though, I was not at all impressed with this restaurant. The pizza looked nothing like the picture. The crust was hard and frozen tasting, while the shriveled and sparse toppings slid right off the greasy elastic-like cheese.    The blonde child behind the counter was a bit rude and talked loudly about me and my brother in front of us. It took us forever to get any sort service! I know family comes first, but it's a bit ridiculous when I'm waiting to pay, and everyone is in the back chatting and laughing it up. It's a bit sad when McDonalds has you beat at service. A, "Hello welcome to Chucky Ch- I mean Zzeeks family own pizza factory" would have been nice!   I could go on and on about the service, the children working behind the counter, the overpriced food, the lack of pizza boxes that don't fall apart, and much much more.   If you want to find out for yourself what a horrid place this is, be my guest! It's an entertaining place to be :)
5 Here I go again adding another compliment to zzeeks and will probably be deleted because only thing that seems to stick are the negative ones! Zzeeks pizza is absolutely the best! I don't even care for pizza and this place has had me coming back for more! Hats off to this place don't listen to negative people try it yourself!
5 I love this place the best pizza joint in town great food awesome pizza cold beer an awesome relaxing atmosphere I can watch the games with plenty of tv's and a great staff doesn't get any better then Zzeeks Pizza
5 I have yet to try something that I didn't like! Best place for a relaxing meal!
3 Went the this place with my family, we had a coupon delivered to our door and decided to try it out. This space has been a few places since Sammy B's and has not had a decent slice since their departure. We ordered nachos, boneless wings and a large pizza all for under $30 with drinks. Without the coupon that alone would not make this worth it.   Our nachos arrived and were nothing special, the cheese was shredded and melted on instead of a more liquid cheese and the jalapeños were good but not as much heat as I would have liked. The wings were very good but reminded me of the Anytyzers you can pick up at the supermarket and make yourself. The pizza was decent but I was pretty much full by the time it came out. It wasn't too greasy but there was nothing about it that wowed me.    The staff is very friendly, it appeared to be family run and I always try to support family businesses over chains. I would come back, just not without a coupon.
5 Why bother posting here, it will be deleted if it is positive! Follow a real company positive flow come through. Yelp deletes all positive comments
5 Best Pizza Joint in town... Ice Cold Beer, Amazing Food, plenty of TV's for all the Football Games and u can even sit outside if u want to, Zzeeks Pizza Factory in Tempe, doesn't get any better than this!!!!!
5 Seriously one of the best pizzas I've ever tasted, from the crust to the sauce to the toppings. Excellent atmosphere.  they even let you write (with dry erase marker) on the wall)  How cool is that.  This will definitely be one of our regular places.  P.S.  TV's to watch sports too.  Many +++++ positives.  Too bad all the positive rating are filtered.  Because they ARE AWESOME!!!!
5 This was a great experience, mainly due to the customer service. I decided to order a pizza relatively late at night, 10 pm. I received my pizza at 10: 35 with an apology from the driver for his tardiness, along with the pie. He stated the pizza was late late due to the fact that the last one was "too dark". They gave me the pizza that was "too dark" for free and a delicious pizza that was cooked just right.  Both on the phone and in person the staff was amazing in spite of the time of night. I feel with the right support this could be a great pizza shop for the area.
5 This is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. They deliver and are ALWAYS really quick. The main thing I love is how friendly everyone is. Great customer service, fast delivery, excellent food. There is no reason to go anywhere else.  That being said I only get it delivered, I've yet to go to their actual location.
5 Love the pizza!  Made with fresh dough and fresh ingredients the way all pizza should be made.  My son (14) asks if we can go here anytime we're outside the west valley. Outside the west valley must mean we're close, right?  Why?  Because he and his buddies think the Zzepoles are the greatest food EVER!!!
5 There are a number of good pizza places in the area. So, I wasn't necessarily looking for another one. However, my kids really wanted to try this place so we decided to give it a try. That was a couple months ago, and we have now been there three times. Obviously, we love it!  You should be aware that the sauce they use on the pizza is a little spicy. We had the opportunity to talk with the owner/chef and he mentioned that they do make it and they used to make it even spicier. We like spice so it is great.  The breadsticks are a must-try. They are small and bite-sized so you end up with more of the crunchy ends. And they do not skimp on the seasoning like a lot of other places do with their breadsticks.  Finally, make sure you save some room for dessert. The zzepoles are awesome. Basically, they are fried balls of pizza dough with powdered sugar. They are surprisingly light.  If you are in the area, I would definitely recommend checking ZZeek's out. We will definitely be returning.
5 Zzeeks has the most amazing food and best customer service around. They take pride in the food they cook and very family friendly. Good variety of beer on tap and bottles, not just pizza, many other spectacular items. Meatballs are out of this world and the sauce is just the perfect combination of tomatoes and spices. Large screen TV and always willing to accommodate what you want to watch. My son was able to make our pizza and watch the dough bring made. Never stale crust, fantastic in the microwave the next day and always fresh!!!! Support Ahwatukee 's small businesses, they are totally worth it!!! THANK YOU ZZEEKS!!!
5 This is a wonderful family friendly restaurant. The pizza is fantastic and the customer service is great. They make you feel like family.
5 We love this place! We are here at least once a week and have  never had a bad experience. The food is great, the place is clean  and the service is awesome! Oh and the beer is served ice cold!  The staff treats us like we are family everytime!
5 This place is the best pizza joint in town. They have the best food. I haven't had anything had yet. The owners Jodi and Mark are like family to me because they have treated me like they have known me for years since the day I walked in the door to try this place out. They have the best policy, they never say no. If they have it they will make it and go out of there way doing it. Ask for any kind of pizza u want they will do it. They will do a whole pizza with every slice different if u want it that way. They are here to make you happy. I have never had a bad experience here and I will never go anywherelse so if u have never been here u have to try it. It truly is the best. If u have a problem let them know and they will fix it or change it to make ur next experience even better. They are the best and they deserve it. Go Zzeeks. Keep it up u guys.
5 I'm utterly impressed. I brought my daughter and her friends for a birthday lunch and the pizza was amazing. The price was right. Owner came out to greet us and shared some of her secrets of the amazing sauce. I will definitely be back for lunch and wifi!! We now have a new great place to eat.
4 Best pizza in Ahwatukee.  Also, mom & pop place which we all need to support!!!  Go check it out next time you want good pizza pie!
1 The pizza was doughy and the cheese tastes plastic and greasy. The lunch special  Is way overpriced and I was very disappointed.  My friend wanted to leave as soon as we got there. I should have heeded his warnings. And I don't know what's up with all the anti Semitic slurs written on the walls. Never going there again.
5 Love the pizza, pasta and yummy desserts!  Service is always fantastic!! Great lunch specials make this an easy pick over a drive through and a number 3!!
2 I can't understand where the good reviews are coming from, the employees were pretty friendly, but other than that the pizza was mediocre at best. They gave me about the smallest side of Ranch in existence when I asked for it, and we couldn't be on their patio with beer for some reason. Won't be going here again.
2 Not my favorite, super nice staff, but not the best pizza.
5 love!! love!!! love this place!! karaoke rocks! pizza is bomb! beer is ice cold!! My roomie, Marian and I come here all the time! The service is so friendly I feel like family. Have never been more welcome in a pizza place. Love you guys!!!
5 So happy to have found pizza with a flavor other than sweet!  We had our first pizza from Zzeek's tonight.  Very happy with it.  Crust was just the right combination of crispy and chewy.  Toppings were plentiful.  Staff was friendly.  Prices were reasonable.  But, THE SAUCE!  Wow!  The sauce really stands out from any other we've had in a long time.  So many of the chains have defaulted to an overly sweet sauce.  Leave it to an independent to make it the way it should be!  Zzeeks sauce has a great herby/spiciness that is hard to beat.  While I was happy with the toppings we chose for our pizza, my next one might just be cheese with a extra sauce!
4 Eaten both at the restaurant and got delivery.   Delicious. We have had  pizza, breadsticks, beer, and hot wings and I have to say they give chains a run for their money.   Not to far from Zipps, or Sushi Eye they do a lunch special that is amazing and with the amazing weather come have a beer on the patio.   This place is really good, staff is friendly, and polite, they are always advertising some great deals so check them out you won't be disappointed.
5 What a great find!! I'm not from the area but I've been looking for a place like this for a while. I think there should be a Zzeeks on every corner.  Super friendly, cheap, and GOOD! Awesome atmosphere fully loaded with 5 big screens for the games! Perfect size establishment and an experience you don't want to leave. Got the $5 lunch special complete with a large slice (1/4 of a 17" pizza) and a fountain drink. Ate there but was given a Togo cup when I was ready to leave. Make sure to ask for a side of ranch to dip, it's on the house! Will come back, even if I have to drive from Mesa to do so. Thanks for an awesome Sunday lunch Zzeeks!!
5 On behalf of the Lil Saints 12U girls softball team, I would like to thank Zzeeks for their continued support of our girls throughout this season. You have helped our team raise funds through fundraisers & it's greatly appreciated! Zzeeks will continue to be our team hang out & a true family favorite. Thanks again Zzeeks!!
3 I came here for dinner with my family, and the meal was lovely. Our server was very attentive and helpful with all of our questions about the menu. Overall, our experience was spot on. The problem? When our check came, I tipped our server accordingly, as they worked hard to deserve it. As it turns out, they didn't receive it. This particular restaurant does not allow the servers to keep the tips they make. They don't even tell them how much they have received. At the end of the week, they "divide it up" amongst the entire staff. To some, this may sound fair. But in the restaurant business, cooks make an hourly wage to compensate them for their hard work in a consistent manner. Servers make a very small hourly wage, but depend on their tips as their income. The owners make their money in the profits from sales. I was astonished to find out about their backwards approach to compensation. I'm pretty sure this is illegal. Nowhere on the menu, in any sign in the building, or on the receipt does it express that the tip I designate for my server is taken by the owner. Anyone seen Restaurant Nightmare, Amy's Baking Company? Same concept.  I would definitely come back again, however, now I know to always tip in cash and express to my server that it is for them and them alone, not for the owners.
5 Just so there is no confusion on here there was a post about Zzeeks pizza stating that the servers make a very low minimum hourly wage and depend on there tips to make there income. This is not true and is false the servers are very happy here and very well taken care of. This is a family owned business not an applebees. This is not a sit down and be served on restraunt u come in order and it's brought to u. The servers, cooks, dish washers all make the same amount hourly wage and were not referring to $4 hour i won't say what it is but i will say it's more than double that amount so next time u go to post something please make sure u have ur facts straight. Also all the tips do get divided between all the servers to make it fair because they all make the same amount so it's to make it fair. It wouldn't be fair to be working on a very slow night and help people that do not tip and make nothing instead it's devided between all servers so they earn more. I will leave it at this there are plenty of nights when it's only the managers and or owners working with no staff and they get tipped and instead of keeping them they go straight to the servers, even when the servers aren't working. The night manager is here until 3 sometimes 4am and they still make sure the servers get all the tips. Employees are happy here, the owners are great and everybody is WELL taken care of. So please make sure facts are straight before u make post on the worldwide internet when u have no clue what your talking about. Zzeeks u guys are amazing and it's so nice to have an actual pizza joint in the east valley where u can go drink have some great food and have fun. Thank you
5 Our entire family loves Zzeek's pizza.  Our boys always ask to come here.  The bread stick bites are wonderful and the staff and owners are so friendly and welcoming.  Zzeeks has accommodated both of my son's sports teams on multiple occasions and have been great on working with us for big orders.  Thanks!
3 Awesome family Karaoke on Friday nights! As in, not a bar, and definitely a place where kids who love to sing can come and participate. Adults tend to let the kids take center stage.   The pizza is hit or miss. What really pulls this place together is that the people are super nice and make you feel at home. You can watch them make the pizzas which is an added bonus. You can get different flavors on the same pizza (we ordered 3 kinds on a large and they accommodated it). One out of the three tasted awesome - the other two were ho hum.
5 Five stars! Love to support this local establishment. Bonus: the pizza is awesome. Do yourself a favor and get some bread sticks. They are so good! I love love love that they do the free delivery. I hope they keep that up because it is the main reason we get it when we are deciding whether to go here or somewhere else. Got a delivery zzeeks on the way right now!
5 Delicious and fresh! The owners are very friendly. The past two times I've gone they've thrown in extra slices of pizza or complementary garlic sticks. Lots of beer on tap too.
5 There employes are the best.. Never seen better service by that little kid. He is always running around the store and having that pink lemonade
