5 This is one of the best new concepts I've been to! Their moto is "Paint.Drink.Have Fun."  and boy did we! I was able to check out their soft opening and cannot express how excited I am for this business. The cool thing is everything for painting is supplied for you, (paints, canvas, clean up etc.) plus it's BYOB, but even better there's NO corking fee!! I brought my favorite vino and Bruschetta and went home with a piece of art that was quite impressive! Considering the fact I haven't painted since I was like 5, and was a little tipsy I was VERY impressed with myself :D! Obviously the staff was amazing and you could tell they were having a blast with us too, as random dancing would take place! haha! They did a great job guiding us and  kept our paint party going with some fantastic music. We all had such a great time, can't wait to go back for a girls night out! In my opinion, Pinots Palette has the best painting classes in Phoenix or Scottsdale! Go take one!!
5 What a fun night! We didn't bring wine but it didn't even matter. The staff was excellent and hilarious and somehow I was able to create an amazing painting without having much artistic ability. This needs to be your next date or night out because if you haven't been here, you're missing out!
5 First off, I haven't painted since I was in grade school sometime and definitely wouldn't call myself right brain dominant. So, I didn't really know what to expect coming into this place. But I heard it was awesome and it's BYOB, so I was pretty excited about that. With a bottle of my favorite wine and a blank canvas, we followed instructions from an artist at the front of the room who told us exactly how to paint the picture that was scheduled for that evening. I was more focused on the drinking and the socializing, since it is such a fun atmosphere with music and fantastic people and staff all around. I went with a group of about 5, but it's comfortable for any sized group big or small. We went about the work of filling up our canvas with paint while simultaneously filling up our bellies with wine and snacks, and wouldn't you know it, at some point I look up and to my surprise I have a painting. And it actually looks pretty good! And I look around and it seems everyone's painting looks pretty awesome in it's own unique way. Time passed by before I know it, and I did not want to leave. The owners Sam and Soral are just about the warmest people you've ever met, and I made some new friends with the people around me! This place was awesome! A great alternative to going to the movies or a fantastic pre-game to the bars! My panting is on my wall in my bedroom. When it catches my eye, it makes me smile remembering the good time I had at Pinot's. I'm definitely coming back!
5 I will be honest, I had no idea I would love this as much as I did! Great atmosphere, great hosts, awesome energy and just all around fabulous and fun. The music choices and random dancing moments made the night feel like a big party. And the painting turned out way better I could have ever guessed. The art teachers make everything seem so easy and simple, not to mention, by the third glass of wine...everything is beautiful! ;-) Highly recommended!
5 You would think the highlight of my recent Arizona vacation would be spending hours by the fabulous Clarendon Hotel & Spa pool. Or the complimentary foot massage. Or even taking my traveling mates to their first drag show.  Nope.   Pinots Palette stole that thunder! What a FUN evening...We brought wine, chocolate and our smiling Minnesota faces and couldn't have had a better time.  The staff is Bed, Bath & Beyond friendly, outgoing and really good dancers. Yep. Drinking wine and painting does lead to dancing!    They supply you with everything you could possibly need from art supplies to wine glasses to music! And dancing. Did I mention the dancing?!  So brush up on your artistic talents, call your buddies and head to Pinots Palette and paint the town red!
5 Pinot's Palette of Paradise Valley is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC, WHAT A GREAT EXPERIENCE!  It's an awesome atmosphere to just relax and have fun with your friends and family while painting your art masterpiece!  The owners, Soral and Samantha, are such nice friendly people and they make you feel at home the moment you enter the room.  I highly recommend that you call Pinot's Palette of Paradise Valley today to schedule your time to "PAINT, DRINK, and HAVE FUN"!  You will be very happy that you did.
5 I found this place on groupon and can honestly say this is THE BEST groupon purchase yet!!!! The hosts are so energetic and upbeat you cant help but smile and laugh the whole time...Great fun music that you know all the words to (whether you want to admit it or not)... sure to get you moving in your seat and around the room :) Even if your not an "Artist" you will be able to paint what ever your theme is for the night. And having a bottle of wine next to you is the best part ! Fun for the whole family! We will Def be back !!  Personal tip* bring extra bottle of wine :)
5 My best friend and I came here for their Halloween themed paint session. I bought the groupon as a gift for her birthday. The experience here was AMAZING!! The staff here went above and beyond, they all dressed up in costume, lots of spooky decorations throughout, they even set up snacks and "ghouls blood" (fruit punch). The painting session itself was fun and easy to follow, one of the staff members was responsible for walking around to make sure everyone was on track and would interject with words of wisdom or encouragement when he overheard us talking about how ridiculous our paintings looked! We took about 2 or 3 breaks and in those breaks there was a costume contest, a Cupid shuffle dance, and a thriller dance off! We participated in the thriller dance but didn't win (I won't take off any stars for that) we had such a blast that I would not mind buying another session at full price! Loved it!
5 Run, don't walk with everyone you know, SUPER FUN and you get an amazing painting to take home, even if like me with ZERO TALENT, they show u what to do!!! Samantha, a young lovely lady who owns it, gets you up and dancing in between paint instruction and if u don't want to you can stay absorbed in your painting.  My friend who is a doctor and tells people every day they have cancer, says it's the best therapy for stress of anything!!! GO PINOT"s PALETTE!!!!
5 I had my birthday get together here with my girl friends. We all had an amazing time. Lots of fun and even if no artistic talent you painting still comes out amazing. Highly recommend.
5 What a fun environment for friends, family or corporate team bonding! I was really impressed with the set up, very sleek and easy to bring in food/drink for the group to share. They have nice glassware and the space is very clean and well organized. I love our instructor, she was very sweet and encouraging and easy to follow. I left feeling like an artist with my own work of art. I would definitely recommend and plan to revisit in the future!
5 Pinot's Palette was such a fun girls night! Our instructors Rebecca and Melissa were fantastic! We had a blast. She danced and kept us entertained the whole class! It was fun to see how all of painted our paintings differently! We brought our own food and wine and they had everything for us! Including plates, glasses and cork screws! Will definitely be coming back!
5 First off I purchased a groupon for a 3 hour class. I was hesitant about taking the class (I lack painting skills) but wine and painting seemed like a great pair. The instructors were fabulous and they walk you through every step. They provide all the art supplies and the wine glasses, just bring a bottle (or 3). Makes a great date or girls night, whatever your reason you will not be disappointed.
5 What?! Zumba energy in a painting class???? That's exactly what we got when instructor Kelly jumped on the stage and started started to guide us through our painting.  When her instructions were completed, she would crank up some cool tune.  I was ready (and did) bust some moves between brush strokes!!!! I love these easy to follow step by step painting classes not so step by step that each painting is the same but easy enough to follow for the painting to be done in an hour.  I found myself enjoying the time with my friend and relaxing as I painted. Most of all, I enjoyed the instructor, Kelly's enthusiasm and energy that brought a lot of FUN to the session.  Whoever hired her is a genius- what a hoot of an instructor!!!!
5 You wouldn't believe how remarkably patient the teacher was with a class of giggly adults. But that's what happens when you're in such a relaxing environment with great music, lots of messy paint, a blank canvas, and an awesome teacher.  And alcohol of course.  And if you've never painted since that art class in middle school (like me), you'd be surprised at how good of a job you can do under their very skilled supervision. I took my painting home and I sat there looking at it a while and I did feel like I was there on that hill looking across the bay at the city. (We did Van Gogh's Starry Night Over the Rhone that night) It really gave me an appreciation for what the real masterpiece might look like and I would now like to go see the original some day.  Oh and trust me, take lots of friends with you and trash talk each other's painting. It's more fun that way.
5 Me: I'm not the best artist....I really don't know if I can do this Pinot Grigio: Come on...You're a Monet, a Rembrandt, a Picasso...or at least a Jackson Pollack!  YOU.  ARE.  A.  STAR. Me:  You're right, cheap bottle of wine from whole foods.  I am a star.  Now pour me out some more liquid confidence, I'm about to make a masterpiece.  Holy crap that was fun! Pinot's Palette has got this paint and wine class thing down.  I was looking to go to the other places in town but after reading my trusty Yelp reviews, this place spoke to me more.  My girlfriend who has gone to a few others in town agreed that this was the most fun she has had.    This place is a fun, casual studio to go to for a girls night out or even a date night.  You're a stick-figure kind of artist? or can't draw a straight line to save your life? No problem!  These "classes" are really just wine parties with some painting involved.  You can even bring your own finger foods, which we did, it was quite nice.  An instructor will give you all the brushes you need, the paint and the canvas, she walked us through everything, this is not a formal art class by any means and thank god for that, you really can't screw it up!  I mean, I did, at one point I dipped my paint brush into a friend's wine glass, she didn't notice...and she drank some afterwards, but whatever, hahaha.  Moving on.  Pinot's Palette lets you bring your own wine and snacks.  They provide the wine glasses, the ice, even some free bottled water.  That night I did a girls night out, there were a good amount of people there so food was everyone, not to share, but it looked cool.  There was a good amount of people there, and it got loud and bashful at times and that's what made it fun!   In conclusion:  Painting and wine in Phoenix = Pinot's Palette = Wine + Laughs + ...oh yeah, painting.     We will be back for another girl's night out!
4 This is the place to explore IF you have a creative side, and have some fun social time!  They provide the supplies and 'help' you paint a picture. Great for groups and you get to BYOB for food and drinks, including booze!!   And SURPRISINGLY some of the pictures are pretty good. Even mine is NOT embarrassing! HAHA!!
5 First thing you should know is I am an Art Curator so anything having to do with art,  I perceive differently.  I don't want to seem like a snob but I can't help but judge any artistic concept differently than most people would.    The prepared set up of individual canvases, three brushes, and a plate of colors looked simple enough.   I asked myself could the teacher and staff make it easy enough that just about anyone could do it.  Even more important than could they do it would be, could they enjoy it? I am happy to report that they do just that and quite well.  I don't drink but I imagine a couple of drinks make it easier for some people?  The provided food is good, just right for nibbling as the staff directs you to create your personal masterpiece.  A camaraderie  quickly develops with those around you as people find they don' have to take themselves to seriously but just have fun. The staff makes every effort to see that occurs.  Surprisingly, perhaps, you most likely will come out with a finished canvas that you won't look at and cry.    This would be a great place to go with friends and watch each other just be their own Picasso.  It might be a really fun place to take someone on an interesting date.  Now that I have done it myself, I know eventually I'll have to make an excuse to go back.  I'm an art curator.  I buy a fair amount of art.  Maybe it's time to have another piece of my own hanging at home.
5 Paint, Drink Have Fun! Those are your instructions and with those words how can you not have a blast. This is such a great way to hang out with friends and have a be creative. I love that you can paint and have a cool instructor tell you what your next moves or strokes should be while listening to music, noshing on food and drinking a beverage. My art work came out great and I cannot wait to return for more fun!
4 This is the second painting studio I've been to. The two were very similar - you bring your friends, your own wine, and there are a bunch of canvases that allow a bunch of people to take a class at the same time and learn how to channel their inner Bob Ross. What I liked about Pinot's Palette was the staff. He guy who led us through the "class" was so energetic and enthusiastic. Plus, good looking :)). It was also nice that there was a camera on the teacher's canvas which was displayed on a 42" TV. Really showed the painting up close. Overall I had a lot of fun and would come back.
5 OK, they recently took away my biggest complaint, they added sun sades to block out the blinding late afternoon sun. So now it should be way more comfortable for those facing the windows and even if you are not, you don't have to contend with the over brightness!!  Now if I just had some painting talent!!
5 (Lyrics - Mariah Carey - Dreamlover)  I need a painter to give me The kind of brush That will last always I need somebody uplifting To show me the way, to paint! Oh yeah, yeah  I want a painter who knows me Who understands how I feel inside Someone to instruct and show me Through the strokes, swirls and strikes With some wine  Why don't we go to Pinot's Palette Pinot's Palette come paint with me brush it up brush it down paint it in anyway you want to paint it now I need some wine desperately Won't you please share your wine 'Cause I wanna Pinot's Palette with you baby!  Drinking, painting, singing, and mingling!  Pinot's Palette PV knocks it out of the park!  The concept of this has been around for ages, but who'd thought to make it into a business!?  I don't want to think about it! Bring me my wine!  PP is a great way for HH, social gathering, or "team building" event.  The point is simple; bring a friend, bring a drink, bring some munchies -- PAINT!    PP brings that inner Bob Ross out of you with great atmosphere and fun!  In the end, I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
5 Rebecca is the BEST art teacher EVER!!! Had a fabulous time painting at our friend's birthday party. Too much fun. To quote a famous philosopher: Life is brief...Art is FOREVER! Viva la Pinot & Palette
