5 We've been using Arizona Cleaning Team (formerly EcoMaids) for 2 years, and couldn't be happier. The team is professional, punctual, and works with my schedule.  They have consistently done a thorough job cleaning my home, are quick, AND do all their work without the use toxic chemicals and disposable products. I appreciate the text confirmations, and friendly crews. I highly recommend Arizona Cleaning Team!
5 I am getting ready to  put my house in the market to sell.  I called 4 different companies to get quotes on cleaning my house.  AZ Green Cleaning Team was the last company I called but the first to call me back.  I only heard from one other company and the price was almost double the price I received from AZ Green Cleaning Team.  The crew was on time and did a great job.  At one point they did not think that they were able to meet  the time they gave me, so they called in two more people to help.  Both crews did a fantastic job and finished much earlier than they expected to.  I would strongly recommend that this company should be your first and only call for cleaning your home.!! If i was staying in the area I would use them on a weekly or monthly basis. review helps others learn about great local businesses.
5 We have been using AZ Green Cleaning Team for 2+ years. They are very reliable and flexible with scheduling. I like that I get to see the same people come to my home every time. With other services I have used in the past, it seemed like there was always someone new. The cleaning team is very efficient and they do a great job cleaning our home!
5 I have been using az green team for about a year now and have been very happy with their wonderful employees and great service!  Give them a try, you will be happy too. Sherry H
1 I have been shopping around for a green home cleaning service and was very impressed with this company's website and the services that they offer, as their website states"We combine effective, environmentally-friendly green cleaning products and methods with HEPA-filtered vacuums, micro-fiber cloths, and innovative tools like our UV-light screening system to provide a thorough cleaning that you can feel good about." That sounded great to me! They also have some specials listed on their site, which I wanted to take advantage of. I clicked on their "ESTIMATE REQUEST" and filled out all of the information. I never heard back. Three days later, I called and asked for an estimate. The representative told me that they did not have an "estimator" available, but they would take my number and call me back. I never heard back. I really would have liked to try this company, but did not get anywhere with them when inquiring about a price or an appointment. I heard back from Top Green right away and was referred to Planet Hugger so that I could get the appointment that I wanted at the last minute. I am very happy with Planet Hugger's service. Word of advice to Arizona Green Cleaning Team - you seem to have a good company with a nice suite of services, but you can't get more clients if you don't follow up with call backs.
