5 Super fresh and yummy food.
3 The sweet pork is delicious. Getting it "smothered" is worth the 99¢ but all in all it was a tad bit pricy for what you get.
4 Had a hard time deciding to pick just one meal on the menu. The employees were very friendly and raved about their personal favorite dishes. The atmosphere reminded me of chipotle but the food had much more variety/flavor.
5 The food is awesome, especially the sweet pork. This is actually one of my favorite places. I would def pick over the likes of Chipotle or Qdoba anyday.  Smaller than the Val Vista location, but glad they put one in Tempe.
3 The sweet pork is delicious. Getting it "smothered" is worth the 99¢ but all inlittle pricing for what you get.
5 This place is seriously AMAZING. I'm SO glad it opened up so close to ASU campus! Everything is good. My favorites are the raspberry chipotle chicken tacos, sweet pork tacos/salad, or the mango chicken salad. Although I do love a good taco (and this place certainly has it!), I was surprised by just how much food is in the salad. If you're really hungry, get it! Haven't tried the other menu options yet... I want to try a burrito next. Anyways, I'm not sure you can go wrong with this place. The main reason this place gets five stars, though, is the customer service. I've seen some mixed reviews about their customer service here, but honestly, I'm not sure if they're true. I was stuck in the restaurant during an intense thunderstorm one night, and I was freaking out because I not only had to ride my bike to my class, but I had my computer and was afraid that it would get soaked in the rain. The manager came out and personally seran-wrapped my entire computer and phone, and then gave me some plastic bags to put my purse and computer in to ensure they would be protected from the rain. Needless to say, Costa Vida has a customer for life. Not every restaurant would do something like that.
1 I used to be a regular at the Costa Vida on Val Vista when I worked in that area, and I looked forward to having one close by in Tempe.  On our visit there with friends tonight, the staff was friendly, but the food at this new location was a huge disappointment.  The house-made tortillas looked soft and wonderful when we were ordering at the counter, but the enchilada fillings and sauces for those tortillas all turned out to be overly sugared.  When I ordered the green chili sauce for my enchiladas, I was expecting something that would be mostly green.  Instead, the sauce was brown and thick, and any chilis in it were hard to spot.   Then when the entree was heated after it was assembled, the bottom part of the enchiladas was practically fused to the bottom of the aluminum tray, and it was hard to cut with the plastic cutlery.   I won't be going back, but if circumstances put me there again I'd start with one of those beautiful tortillas and be very careful about what I ordered to put inside or on top of it.
4 I have driven by this place multiple times as they were building it. I finally tried it today for lunch. I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu was quite extensive with burritos nachos salads pretty much anything for anybody's tastebuds. Their menu also included lunch specials which I tried myself.  The food was fresh and delicious price was six dollars for a salad and a drink. Perfect place for Lunch or a quick dinner. Service was a little slow, I'm going to chalk that up to a brand-new restaurant opening.  Overall perfectly comfortable place for lunch and I will be back.
5 I am crazy about Costa Vida! The food is spectacular, the atmosphere is inviting and the location is wonderful.   The Sweet Pork is a must try if you haven't. I can't get enough of the tomatillo ranch and the chips and queso are ridiculously good. I could see it being a really great place for a student to call ahead and get their food on the way to class. It's nice to have a really fresh Mexican restaurant with a lot of flavor finally in my neighborhood.   My experience has been that the staff and management are very accommodating if I bring something to their attention.
5 I love Costa Vida! The food is amazing and the employees at this location are really friendly. There is something on the menu to fit whatever mood you're in and there are so many ways you can switch it up. Different sauces, meats, beans, dressing etc. I will NEVER get sick of eating there.
4 I knew of Costa Vida from back home so I was excited to hit this one up for a burrito, tacos, or an enchilada. On tonight's visit I went for the chicken burrito with rice, beans, hot sauce, cheese, lettuce, and the flour tortilla :)  It was all very yummy but I forgot to get it smothered, perhaps because I was taking it to go and was in a hurry or I was just thinking it might get soggy but it was fine  Next time it'll be smothered for sure  This location is great and pretty much on ASU campus so I hope a ton of students go to Costa Vida for some yummy goodness  Oh, the customer service was great tonight as well, the guy that helped me was very nice and friendly while making my burrito
3 Think of it as a Taco Bell that serves beer. Had the cheese enchiladas, not bad at all. Rice was meh, beans okay. Service at the counter was friendly. Atmosphere much cooler than the Bell.
1 Honestly the first time going here I did not have a good experience. I don't like sweet pork on a Mexican burrito. They recommended the sweet pork so I tried it and it is not what I expected. Coming from a Spanish background I really love my burritos to be spicy. And even after I put all the hot sauce I could on it it didn't come back. I don't know if I would go here again.
2 It's a Chipotle, but not as good.  Steak is not Carne Asada... by no means is this a Mexican place. Neither is Chipolte, but at least it's good. The thing that bumped it from one star though is fresh made tortillas and Coke in a bottle.
1 I just got back from one of the worst experiences at Costa Vida. Let me walk you through it.  I arrive at Costa Vida and the whole team is just standing around. The guy at the front of the line who was supposed to start the orders was too busy making his own tacos first. I hope I didn't inconvenience him too much by coming in to get food.  After the employee finished making his tacos, I had the pleasure of beginning our interaction. The man, eyelids half closed like he just smoked a bowl before work, asked me what I wanted. I asked for a burrito. Let the fun begin.  The employee started making my burrito without asking me what I wanted on it, because he knows me better than I know myself. He started putting black beans on the burrito, even though I wanted pinto beans. Next, I asked for chicken and steak on the burrito. Somehow that translated to sweet pork, because that is what the employee started adding. He then wrapped up the burrito and put it in the oven before asking if I wanted it smothered, which I did. Something tells me this guy was really more concerned about eating the tacos he just made (Please refer to my bowl smoking comment above)  After the burrito was finally ready, the good people at Costa Vida proceeded to put 2-4 small pieces of lettuce next to the burrito (because I always crave plain lettuce with my burritos). I then added guacamole and queso, and the portions were anything but generous.  The best part is that this burrito cost me $12. I didn't order anything besides a burrito. Costa Vida stacks costs like nowhere else I have seen. ($7.49 for the burrito, $1 extra to be smothered, $1 for queso, $1 for guacamole, +tax on all of that).  The food tasted pretty good - I'll give them that. However, the experience was terrible. There are plenty of places I could go for good food. If I am going to keep coming back to a place, I need better incentive. A Chipotle burrito is about $7, they have great service, and the food is amazing. Why pay $12 for a good (but way overpriced) burrito and terrible service?  I hate leaving bad reviews. In fact, I had to make a Yelp account just for this. However, this was a terrible experience.
2 This location is not as good as the one in Mesa on Val Vista. I ordered a shredded beef burrito and they pretty much slopped it together. I ordered it smothered and he did not even ask me what kind of sauce I wanted it smothered in, rather, he just put the green sauce on it. I got pico de gallo with it and assumed they would put it on top of the burrito, rather, they put it next to the burrito, then it became soupie with the sauce. I will  probably not go back to this location until they at least get four stars like the other location.
2 Too sweet and too salty. Very expensive. Look elswhere for real mexican food. For the price, we could have gone to Casa Reynoso.
4 My wife wanted to go here because she had a groupon. Myself, i try to avoid frequenting businesses located on or very close to asu. Just a hassle, traffic pedestrians etc.  I also dont care for social style fast food. I dont like having to talk to every employee just to get food. And thats how this place is (think subway, or chipotle) You tell one guy what you want then tell the next guy if you want lettuce, and so on.  I dont hold their style against them, just not my cup of tea. That said, the food is good. Sweet pork burrito is tasty, portions are fine, all the employees are super nice if your near , and dont mind cafeteria vibe you should definately give it a shot.
5 Love is fast food place. Very good for a chain restaurant. They have a wide variety of meats to choose from and not your typical. The sweet pork is really tasty. I usually have a salad which is served on top of a tortilla so it's really like a open burrito with lettuce and salad dressing.  I could eat them everyday. Good specials for students too.
5 Just like the Mesa location this place rocks! Delicious sweet pork tacos and some chips with honey habanero salsa, mmm-mmm-mmm what more can you ask for? I can't get enough of this place. :)
5 Love this place. Get the pork burrito with mango salsa on a wheat tortilla. That's the best. My wife likes the same thing but in the salad.
1 I'll list this place in the very rare "one star" category. My reviews are usually about food; however, this one is about service and food.   First off, the food is a B-. I was advised to order the sweet pork burrito, which was uhhh very sweet? plus, it was pricey. The pork was so sweet that I may have been diagnosed with Diabetes.   Second, the service was poor. I am a huge fan of Chipotle and their setup of burrito construction - fast, polite workers, ability to see your options. This place is a little off because I couldn't see any of the extras you put in the burrito. Anyways, what did it for me was the man behind the counter. He was so rude when I asked to put lettuce in my burrito. His response was, "It wouldn't taste good that way." He then wrapped the burrito with only the pork and I moved on to a girl, who put my lettuce, pico on top. So weird....  I will never go back, because of the rudeness. The cliche: "the customer is always right" may apply in this case? Oh well... back to Chipotle
4 Went here for the first time today and was very impressed. I got the grilled chicken salad and it was delish. The guy helping me decide what to get was very nice. Definitely a good spot for some baja style Mexican food!
4 Awesome great tasting food, fantastic service.   I get a small cheese nachos, n a steak burrito, for free using the Groupon that expires soon in phoenix.
5 Still great!  The guy putting the order together offered something we've never tried and it was great.
2 Food is good although they are always trying to rush me through and keep trying to wrap up my burrito before I'm done adding stuff.  It's like they don't want me to see everything I can add to my burrito. Also last time I put lettuce in my burrito so they would not give me any on the side ... Wtf ?   I would strongly advise them on getting a salsa bar, that would be a deal breaker for me. I will not be returning unless it's heavily discounted or they add a salsa bar.   Over all food is decent although every time I go there somehow they piss me off which is rare for a restaurant to do.
