4 Came here to buy a vaporizer for the very first time and was amazed by the service I got. The owner saw that I didn't know much about them so he walked me through the entire process and even showed me how to start mine up. I'm definitely coming back for all my smoking needs!
5 Bought my very first vape from here and I couldn't be happier! The guys working here helped me find the perfect products and explained everything to me. I had so many questions and they made sure I left the store happy! I ended up buying a second vape for my boyfriend from them the very next day because I was soooo happy with mine! These guys are super chill and really show their customers that they care. You won't find better prices and customer service anywhere else!
5 Best smoke shop in Tempe. The staff is super helpful and knows what they're talking about. They have a great great selection with awesome prices and everything they sell is quality. Definitely would recommend going there.
5 Remy and his staff were extremely knowledgeable and friendly in helping me put together my first real e-cig. I ended up having a small issue with the battery unit and he went over and above to take care of it. Great selection of nicotine refills. Customer for life!
5 By far one of the best smoke shops in Az. Great friendly knowledgeable service as soon as I walked in. I would recommend this shop to anybody in a heart beat. They have a really good Vape selection as well.
5 This place has everything you could ever want to fill all smoking needs. It's the only shop I will go to because the staff here is helpful and friendly and knows what they are talking about. The shop is well stocked and very well organized. Unlike most shops it has order and everything is well marked with prices. Recommend this shop to anyone who is looking for a new shop or one to replace their current shop.
5 The owner of the store personally assisted us while purchasing my first hookah, he was great! hooked my gf and I up and we had a great time buying it! I recommend going here for all you're smoking needs!
5 As soon as you walk in your greeted. This store has literally everything you can think of. I went in knowing very little about vapeing, they didnt judge just told me everything I needed to know and answered all my questions. The owner went above and beyond to make sure I was happy with what I was purchasing. I would recommend this place to all who are looking to buy a vape or vape juice. Also the prices are unbeatable.
4 Nice selection of juices with Ok prices. from $10 and up.. good selction as well in vape pieces. Good service if you have any questions and you are welcome to try any flavors you want. Also open till 10 which is nice since a lot of vape shops seem to sht down early!
