1 Well this is not for the show itself. My complaint is the air conditioning was not working well on the 2nd floor of this location so, it made it very uncomfortable to watch the show so we got up and walked out. I hope we can try it again under better circumstances and really give this show a rating it deserves.
5 I rarely give 5 stars for a show but this one is as good as it gets. In fact it is now my second favorite show in Las Vegas and I think I have seen almost all of them.  Since I used to be a magicians assistant years ago it is hard to impress me with magic shows.  But OMG I was utterly astonished with this show. The audience sat in awe. We were stunned at every turn. My mind is officially blown. Right now he is at a dumpy venue with a small crowd of comped viewers but I can see this act going to the big stage and Frederic De Silva becoming a household name.
5 Excellent show ! My favourite show in las vegas and i ve seen them all ! What frederic da silva does with his mind is unexplanable. He has a unique talent. This is brillant. An exciting show ! Very intimate and friendly. Impossible stuff , absolutly clever. You have to see it. Unbeliveble. How can he do it ?!?!
5 OK.. I finally saw this show completely and left mesmerized!!! He is an amazing Illusionist, magician etc. Some of the things he did left us all in AWE. My husband was picked several times for things and it was so spot on and I can tell we do not know this person. If you can go see PARANORMAL!!!! p.s the air conditioning is working and it was so nice!!
3 My wife got the tickets and I really did not wanted to go. However, it is a good hour of decent entertainment. I am still a skeptic of everything he did. Not sure how he did, other than the volunteers were part of his group. Something to do in the afternoon in Vegas.
5 Alan, i was one of the volonteers on the stage and i can garantee i was not a stooge !!! He choosed me by chance with a freesbee ! He guessed the name of my daughter and i still have no idea of how he did it. That s amazing.
5 Went to this show with my friends and we had a blast! Funny, entertaining and engaging. We were skeptical at first, but we were certainly proved wrong. I would certainly recommend this show to people looking for something to do. It also was in the afternoon which was perfect. It was a wonderful break in our day! Definitely go if you can. We loved it!
5 We loved it! Great hour of entertainment while in Vegas. He was a great guy and his show was really impressive--we had no idea how he pulled it off. Definitely check it out!!
