4 What a lovely nail salon!  I found Cutie Nails in my strip mall next to the grocery store.  I had seen it a couple of times before but never when I needed a pedicure.  I finally had the chance to check this place out before my weekly grocery run this week.  And good news, I was pleasantly surprised by what I found at Cutie Nails!  First off, there was no wait at all!  They were staffed appropriately, so as people walked in, there were enough people working to handle it.  I really appreciate this fact because I have been to a lot of places, on the weekend no less, and they are always understaffed.  I hope it remains this way on future visits.  Second, the chairs you sit in are actually comfortable.  The massage chairs aren't all worn out like many other nail salons in town.  The bowls where you put your feet are nice and clean and well taken care of.  I love when everything is nice and clean because I am so not down for some nasty infection!  Third, the people working are friendly.  No one was yelling at the other workers in a different language and having their own conversations.  The staff talked with you directly and made you feel welcomed.  The prices are reasonable and along the lines of similar nail places.  The pedicures start at $25 and go up from there.  I only had time for the $25 pedicure and it came out great and included a hot rock massage.  Ahhhhhhh, I love those hot rocks!  Another bonus is the frequent customer card they give you.  After 9 visits, you get $15 off any nail service.  Not too shabby in my opinion.  Overall, this is a great nail salon and I will be back!
4 This place was lovely! I don't necessarily enjoy trying new nail salons, but when the one I go to closed, I decided to go to this one since it was closer.   I didn't get my nail technician's name, but he was fabulous! He gave me such a nice massage before my manicure started and made small talk with me the whole entire time. He did exactly what I wanted and when I accidentally messed it up, he only laughed and said "it happens" and did it again for me with no complaint.   The price was a bit more expensive than where I usually went, so if it lowered down, then I'd probably give it a 5!
1 I came here because the nail spa in the next shopping center was ridiculously expensive. I live in CA and I can get gel mani pedi for $45-50 before tip. Here I paid $55 for gel nails and regular pedi. I'm pissed about it but I'm going to a wedding in a few hours so it needed to be done.   Anyway, while my nails were being done 2 women and a man came in as a group. They had all just finished getting pedicures and the younger girl was pissed cuz her feet looked terrible. I didn't get a close up look but it made me relook at mine and I could have done the same work myself. Long story short, the three left without getting manicures because they were so unhappy with their pedicures.   I just finished and I'm looking closely at my manicure and I have dead skin all around my cuticles still, which is the main reason I get my nails done anyway. My ties have small amounts of nail polish around the nail and cuticle and I feel like he didn't dig deep enough to get all my dead skin off.   I'm really unhappy, if I could give 0 stars I would. The 1 star is for their color selection. Other than that their work and customer service is HORRIBLE!  DO NOT GET YOUR NAILS DONE HERE.
2 Went in today on Christmas Eve and came out disappointed. The lady working on my pedicure was way too quick and did not do a good job on top of looking irritated and grouchy.  My sister was disappointed as well and when she asked them to repaint her toes because they looked so bad, another nail tech just fixed it by painting over it. I went to school to be a nail tech so trust me when I say to avoid this nail salon.  I will not be back.
1 Get a daycare or babysitter. Your clients do not want to hear the baby that you thought was appropriate to bring to work run around and scream and cry. Not a good environment for pampering!
2 I've been coming here for over a year and I at first I loved it but lately my experiences have just been getting worse and worse. The staff rushes. I'm not paying them to rush, I'm paying them to make my experience worthwhile and to be satisfied. The staff won't listen to my requests and will decide what THEY want to do. A few have serious attitudes and will make snide and rude comments.   Yesterday, I took my mom and myself to get a pedicure. The lady kept hitting my moms foot when she wanted my mom to move, but wouldn't speak directly to my mom. With a pedicure you're supposed to get hot rocks massaged on your legs and feet which my mom always looks the most forward to. My mom unfortunately has psoriasis and the women is too afraid of my mothers skin condition wouldn't even massage them for her.   Now for myself, the lady who did mine kept clipping at my big toes and I'm certain I'll be having ingrown toenails because she kept on cutting them and picking at them. I knew my toes were fine because I went there not even a month ago and they trimmed them for me. I left them alone during that time so I knew they just needed a quick clean up, not her butchering my toes. As well as her paint job was absolutely terrible and disgusting. She didn't clean up and made my French tip uneven. In fact I told her I wanted a French tip but I wanted the tip to be gold, not white. But she wouldn't listen to me and went on to do a white tip with glitter on top.   Overall, I regretfully will not be coming here anymore which is unfortunate because it's right down the road from where I live. But I won't be spending a pretty penny on a place that does such an unsatisfactory job.
5 Under new management... Jenny has been doing my nails and always does an amazing job!!! Great new owners and always a great experience!!!
5 This place has a new owner and is great! They've completely remodeled the interior - new paint, etc. and it's very clean and inviting. The new owner, John, and his wife Jenny, are there almost every day and are very focused on customer service. They offer you a bottle of water each time and they have a ton of new gel colors. They even have a pre-matched color selection, so if you want to get gel on your nails but regular polish on your toes, it's automatically matched for you. If you had a bad experience here before, I'd encourage you to give them another try. It's really a nice salon.
1 The deluxe, hot rock treatment is lovely but it has no value if the basic part of the pedicure -- the nail polish -- isn't done well. The nail technician skipped the base coat. When I brought it to her attention, she didn't understand and had to have a translator. Both then told me it didn't matter and the polish application continued. Well, one toe nail had lost all polish within a week and 10 days later, not one looks good. I could have done this at home and gotten far better results.
5 I saw the review from Matt R and felt I needed to leave a review. My daughter and I were there when Matt was there and his statements are completely untrue. This is the best salon I have been to since the new management rook over and Jenny in particular is the BEST. Matt was loud and obnoxious the entire time he was there. He was trying to get all the women to go to the OG where he dances. He completely ruined any relaxing experience we went for. The other women were rolling their eyes as well. He was bragging about making $600 in 4 hours the night before. Yes it was $5 for a nail buff and we were like just pay the $5 if you made so much. At no point did the owner raise his voice at Matt. Matt told Jenny she did a great job until it was extra for the buff. He did call her stupid before he made a scene and stomped out. He was looking to get something for nothing and deserved only to get kicked out. I don't blame the owner for not giving him the free buff,  he would then just keep coming back. Great salon great people. Don't let Matt R keep you from coming here.
5 Cutie Nail Salon is very clean, and well decorated. John was been doing my nails for years and I am glad he has moved to this salon!! Everyone is friendly and professional. The prices are reasonable and they have many color choices for gel manicures. You will feel very comfortable and relaxed at Cutie Nail Salon.
5 My daughter referred me to this nail salon  John has been doing my nails. He does a great job. Everyone is friendly. No problem getting an appointment .
5 I come here often for the pedicure, gel manicure, or eyebrow wax. I ask for Lena if she is available but everyone that has helped me here has been really nice and professional. They always make sure I am relaxed and comfortable and will bring me water before I even ask. The pedicure is very long and luxurious, they really take care to make sure you are pampered. My nails always look fabulous after I've been to Cutie. The decor is pretty and serene and the shop is always immaculately clean. They have a couple if TVs too if you're in the mood for that. There are a ton of options to choose from if you want to match your gel polish to your toes. I will never run out of choices! I will keep coming back here again and again even though there are other places closer to home. It is worth the trip!
5 Had THE best time at Cutie Nails! I walked in right before they closed and still did my fill! I had Lena! She Rocks! She is funny and creates a conversation :) I loved that! The decor of the salon is just that, Cute! My nails looked Great! I got lots of compliments on them. She talked me into the Gel. It was a pricey, but it did last a long time. I can't wait to go back! Thanks for the great service :)
