5 I absolutely love this place! I feel super motivated every time I work out. I do the online sessions with Damien cause I'm out in LA and they are the best! I've also gone to the gym when I've visited Vegas and everyone is so welcoming! Definitely a place to check out!
5 Im a regular. Only because I love it. Its unlike any other gym experience. The classes are fun, small groups, and fun groups. Everyone is nice and always happy. The trainer is very cool. He gives everyone personal attention, which I like because I dont know anything about what my body needs to do to look the way I want. So I told my trainer and thats it. We are making it happen. Not only that, I can train with my 10 year old daughter and she loves it as well. Its our quality time. I look forward to going at least 5 times a week. This is the only gym that I actually want to be at. I have felt very uninterested in those huge gyms not to mention lost and scared to ask for help. I suggest you come in and try it out.
5 I went to Unleashed for the first time this morning as part of #YelpsFitClub2014, and was really impressed! Damien, owner and instructor, was really nice and welcoming. There were people there at all skills levels, and he was very accommodating to everyone. It was a great workout, and he really pushed us to push ourselves, but not at all in a pushy way. He seemed genuinely concerned that we were all comfortable and wasn't degrading if we needed to take a breather. I noticed that even some of the regular girls had to pause for a moment here and there. ;-)  The class was kind of a boot camp type class. We basically did circuits of 3 exercises each. Damien started us out easy with high knees, jumping jacks, and mountain climbers. We did each exercise for 30 sec, a 10 sec rest, and then the next exercise - repeating until we'd done all 3 exercises 3 times. Short water break and then moved onto the next circuit. After the relatively easy first circuit, we alternated working upper and lower body. The final circuit was focused on the abs, with crunches, leg lifts, and bicycles. By the time all was said and done, we'd gotten a full, total body workout. My legs were like gelatin!  Damien demonstrated all of the moves during the water break, so we'd be ready to go for the next circuit. He did some of the circuit with us, but mostly he was walking around to check form and whatnot. Some of the exercises that we did were variations of regular exercises. For example, I really like how he had us do push-ups and crunches. Not only did they seem safer, they seemed even more intense. And the push-ups were done on my knees!  I would describe the space as more of a studio than a gym. One wall is lined with mirrors, which I loved because I like to watch my form as I'm working out. There were also motivational quotations on the walls above the mirrors and on the other walls, too. There is a little timer clock on the wall opposite the mirrors, which is nice for the instructor, but confusing for me. When there was 5 seconds left, I always thought there were 2. LOL. The timer clock was still a nice touch.  There seemed to be a good variety of equipment, too. There are ropes, pull-up bars, and weights. And, of course, there is a big tire(s) in back, because what boot camp would be complete without a couple tires. :) I even saw a small room with bikes for spin class, though I didn't see any spin classes available on their class schedule.  There are pay-as-you-go options as well monthly memberships. The first 30 days are free, but after that it's a little on the high end for a monthly cost. Certainly more expensive than Gold's or LVAC, but I think you get a lot more personalized training. I'd more compare it to a month of personal training than a gym membership, in which case it's not overly expensive. Plus, with the monthly membership, I'm pretty sure that you can go in and workout on your own or take any/all of the classes taught by Damien (or Zumba with Erika).  The pay-as-you-go option is nice if you're only going once in awhile, but the best is that they offer FREE boot camp classes on Saturdays! I'm definitely hoping to go back again and bring my husband with me. The Saturday boot camps might be similar to what I did today, but they said they kind of play it by ear after seeing how many people show up and quickly assessing their skill levels. Most of the class is done inside the studio, but they might move the class outside for certain drills.   Overall, I would definitely recommend this gym to anyone looking to get fit.
4 I attended the #YelpFitClub class at Unleashed and am an instant fan! It was close to my house and everyone was welcoming and friendly...until the workout started. Just kidding, but I did sweat my butt off to some great music and had a great workout!   Damian was the right amount of encouragement/push to do one more that got me to do more reps than I thought I would without screaming at me. He was very attentive to everyone about any injuries and just attentive in general about our form and giving alternatives to certain moves if we couldn't do the full moves.   The gym is small enough to not get lost in, but not so hard core that I felt intimidated. It was very clean and seemed very family friendly to some regulars who brought their kids.
4 I popped in for the #YelpsFitClub2014 to see what I might have been missing. Damien is the owner/instructor who leads you on your way to success. It breaks out what the exercises are, how to do them, & how to make them easier/harder. It's a group setting so you're going at your own pace. He gives you 3 exercises to do, each being done for a minute, w/ a 10 second rest period before moving onto the exercise.  Very positive, very helpful, & nothing but smiles. A great workout for someone trying to get into shape, looking to change things up, or needing a bit more motivation than the norm. Great environment & worth checking out!
