5 Exceptional food.  Exceptional service.  Fantastic food. Beautiful presentation.  We were lucky to find this place for lunch being its their first time opening for lunch as they usually only open for dinner.  The lunch menu is essentially the same as dinner , at half the price we went with a pre-fix of starter and main for €8.50 and finish full, completely satisfied, and still had room for desert.  The chef owner Matthew and his lovely wife Carla came out and talk to us for quite some time, and gave us wonderful tips on what to do for night life (George Street).  She even gave us a complimentary cherry with the desert.  This place is a definite 5 stars on food quality, beautiful presentation, exceptional service, and at such a fair price.   Thank you Matthew & Carla.
4 We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.  We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).  We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.  Recommended.
4 Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.  It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.  The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.  I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.  The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.  I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.  So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."  (P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
3 A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway.   My reasons:  1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start.  2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers.  3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish. 4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices.  5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm...   I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
4 I really enjoyed my steak at The Atelier restaurant. I really enjoying the lovely company. I enjoyed the ambiance and decoration. And the staff were very friendly, genuine and eager to get feedback.  The menu is small but offers some interesting choices. Smoked venison, scallops, raviollo. My scallops were delicious, very fresh and well cooked. The raviollo was well received, although all agreed that one ravillo was a little too small.  My steak, which I ordered rare, as a generous size and very well cooked. A conversation ensued about the varying degrees of "rare". It wasn't French rare (ie, still blue and cold inside!) but it was still deliciously bloody and I was very, very happy. Nice chunky chips, and both the chips and steaks were well seasoned.  However, there were a few things I think that will improve as they settle into themselves more.  As Laura D mentioned, there were lots of little fruit flies constantly buzzing around. They kept landing on my glass, they fell into two people's glasses. I'm not fussed by one fly, but there were a lot of them and they were constant, and a nuisance. It's not what you want to see or battle against throughout a nice dinner.  Also, the prices and portion sizes. £7 for a starter, that then is two scallops. Well, that is fine dining prices and portions. And the same for one raviollo. It's not to say that the food wasn't worth the price, but those portion sizes for starters are normally for Michelin starred dining, and very fine dining. I think its relaxed fine dining, so could do with just a little bit larger portion sizes.  The staff are lovely, and open to feedback. I really enjoyed the interior of the restaurant. On a wet, September evening, the warm brick walls, the candle light, and nice company made it a lovely evening. Hopefully the fruit flies were a one-off, the portion sizes of the starters might grow slightly, and they continue to serve delicious steaks and other mains!  I wish them every success, and will return to try the lunch menu soon.
3 The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up.   Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
4 I'll try not to repeat what other Yelpers have said already.  I really like this place - yep there is stuff to iron out but the staff genuinely want customers to love what they do and really want to take the feedback on board.  The menu changes regularly and there are tempting options. I agree with Jenny and Laura that the prices could come down - I would say about £2 on each course. That would bring it into line with the casual fine dining vibe of The Bon Vivant.  Presentation is beautiful and plates uniform which when you've got a group is essential - nothing worse than 'you've got more sauce than me!' if you think your food is dry. I had the carpaccio of venison - slightly overdone but meat was still beautiful. I also really enjoyed my main, pork 3 ways - the pork fillet (first piece was over done but the second was a lot better). The pork belly was good as the fat just melted away and the pork cheek was delish! I also loved the cinnamon apple sauce. The puy lentils came in a cute casserole dish - no complaints here as this is a dish I cook myself (minus the evil celery).  The kitchen is small and I suspect they were a bit overwhelmed as it was busy for a post festival Thursday night with most diners arriving around the same time. Toilet spacious and clean which is always a good sign!  So all in all, I'd go back to see how they are bedding in. The menu has great options (staff will advise on gluten free, etc) and the presentation and flavours are fantastic so I'm hoping The Atelier has a future in this part of town :-)
5 We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurant opening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work. The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding. Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out.  We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
4 Upping Atelier to four stars after an enjoyable lunch there this week. The lunch menu was £12 for two courses or £15 for three, which seemed an excellent value for the quality of food. You have three choices for each course. The mains included a meat, a fish, and a vegetarian dish.   Before our first course the waitress delivered a carafe of ice water (yay, no need to ask for refills) and two slices of warm, crusty bread with a tasty pesto dipping sauce.   The pacing of the meal was a little on the slow side for a lunch. It was fine for us because we were not in a hurry on this particular afternoon, but for folks on a limited lunch break, this might be a problem.  My lentil, spinach, and chick pea curry was enjoyable as a main. I followed this with the cheese plate, which was nice except for the fact that the cheeses were served at refrigerator temperature (oh, the horror).
3 Visited Atelier on my daughter's birthday. The food was delicious, the service subpar. The filet was beautifully broiled and juicy, the duck delicious, the two fish plates nicely done. The chips were fat and fantastic.  The service was not up to standard for any restaurant, much less one of this pedigree.   First: I had specified that this was a birthday dinner when requesting the reservation. I didn't expect anything special necessarily, but my experience is that most restaurants will have a special touch - a candle on a free desert perhaps. When we arrived, the maître de mentioned the occasion, but then the waiter asked if we had brought a cake, because as he explained, they don't usually do anything special. We did not have a cake in tow. He then whispered "no worries, we'll do something..." but something never happened.  From then forward, there were long delays between ordering and food arriving, desert menus and subsequent orders, and then finally, the bill.   It is a small dining room but perhaps they need to increase the waitstaff by a person or two so that the quality of service matches the meal itself.
4 As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it.  Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o)   I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.
