5 No Excuses Training is the most amazing training system I've ever experienced! Our trainer, Watus Cooper, helps us to each realize the unfair advantage we have in maintaining a lifestyle of health and fitness. For a very small fee, we are offered daily workouts and meal plans, plus we mix it up by adding different weekly challenges to foster self-discipline. We get together weekly to "pound the pavement" and the workouts are always new, exciting and challenging! I am not athletic nor in great physical shape, and anytime the workout exceeded my fitness level, I was able to modify and slow down without feeling ashamed of my paced-progress.  I would recommend this to ANYONE from a beginner to a competitor, you will not be disappointed!
5 No Excuses Training offers a challenge for a crazy low price.  I have been going to a local gym for many years, never have I had the results that I did from Operation No Excuses  4 week challenge.  We received online training, nutrition plan, a fitness kit, Saturday boot camps, and then an awesome celebration at the end which included healthy food!  For $49.00!!  Wowza..... I lifted my gluts (booty)  and lost 5% body fat in 28 days.... I went to the gym and canceled my membership the next day....... No more running on a treadmill for this girl.   If you are busy and don't have a lot of time to work out this is for you..... This challenge gets people together and keeps you accountable... and they make it FUN ........ Cant wait for the next challenge.  As the Coach Watus always says.... Working out with me will give you an Unfair Advantage!
5 I have been training with Watus for about a year. I was referred to him by my sister because I was preparing for my May wedding. I am in the best shape of my life because of Watus. I look at my wedding pictures and can't believe the muscles I have. He is amazing at what he does and is always changing up my workout. Due to the constant change, I have dramatically increased my strength specifically in my upper body. I am doing different exercises that I never knew I could do! He is very positive and patient, which encourages me to continue to work hard.   Lastly, I entered a bridal challenge in December to really motivate myself to get wedding ready. Because of Watus, I took home first place and was barely sweating when I was competing against the other brides. He believed in me every step of the way!
5 Best workouts I have ever had!! The results are amazing and I couldn't feel better!!!
