5 Did Yelp Las Vegas just beat LAS VEGAS WEEKLY and SEVEN magazine food writers to uncovering another hidden food gem in town? By golly, I think we have!  Menudo is the breakfast of champions and a well known hangover cure in the Hispanic community. I've Menudo'd well over 100 times whether it was in someone's house, on the streets, or in a restaurant, I've never come across a more authentic version, than what is served up here at El Menudazo. Located in the North side of town on E Lake Mead and Belmont(Inside the Belmont Square) There are no windows, just a big white building towards the back, El Menudazo plastered huge across the top of the building, and a Veracruz(Soccer Team) flag at the entrance.  Open only from Friday-Sunday 7am-6pm, People pack this joint to get their weekend fix for a taste of home, and also looks like a hangout for Futbol Mexicano(Soccer) fans as well.  According to our waiter, the most popular dish is their Menudo Rojo, and they also serve a Menudo Blanco as well, with your choice of yellow corn tortillas, or bread. Depending on your appetite, there's a Mediano, and Grande($6.95/$9.95). Other specialities include Caldo de Res and Pozole-Red, White, or Green($7.95/$10.95) Sopa de Fideos($5.95/$7.95 with chicken), Huevos con Chorizo($3.99 Burrito/$8.95 plate) and many others, like Deshebrada, Quesadilla, a spicy Beef Chile Verde, or a Pork Chile Rojo, both available in tacos, burritos, or with rice, beans, and tortillas as a plate.($2.95/$4.45/$11.95)  We went with a Menudo Rojo, and Caldo de Res, but with me being the Notorious P.I.G, I also had to get a taste of their Chile Rojo and Verde, so I ordered those up in the form of tacos. While waiting for our orders, a nice gentleman named Temo came to our table and started telling their story on how they got their start and that these recipes have been handed down through generations, no shortcuts are taken, and the taste is clear evident here. They also do no advertising, just word of mouth and have their website- www.menudazo.com  We were very pleased with our first visit and wiill most definitely be back!!!   ALOHA!!!
5 Best place to have menudo. Great service and friendly environment. Delicious authentic mexican food like it should be. Very satisfied and would recommend this place to anyone thats looking for down home cooking mexican style.
4 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(86/365) "The Hangover Cure"  We came by Menudazo for our Menudo/Pozole fix recently and found out that they had shut down their white building location and moved back to their original location just a few doors down and have been here for the last three months now.   The restaurant is a bit smaller, but the menu here is still the same. We started out with a Quesadilla with Chorizo, Queso, and Nopales(Cactus). This thing was pretty huge and as much as we wanted to finish this, we couldn't because we had no idea it was spicy chorizo and our mouths were ON FIYAH!!! We also shared their two popular dishes, Menudo Rojo, and Pozole Rojo. (Two sizes available, mediano $6.99 and grande $ 9.99)Both dishes were plentiful, hearty, and filling. For both the Menudo and Pozole, they also offer a Blanco and Verde style as well, but I've only had the red broth, but I'll probably return and try the white and green broths on future visits.  If Menudo and Pozole is not your thing, they also have tacos, burritos, and combination plates as well. Their hours are Friday-Sunday 7 am-8 pm and located in the Belmont Plaza. If you're feeling a little hungover from a night of partying and are looking for the best cure, or just want some tasty authentic Mexican food El Menudazo has some of the tastiest selections around. Give 'em a try!!!   ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
