1 If I could give negative stars I would... A three side plate is 8.99 the serving is small and all the food is beyond greasy and salty. I never knew green beans could be soooo horribly drenched in oil and salt!!! :( please please do yourself a favor and do not come here... The girls working had the most sour of attitudes and looked sounded like they were hating life and their existence ... There are better fast food options within walking , tram and taxi distance
1 Unfortunately Yelp won't let me give it zero stars. For serving raw food and denying a refund even when I presented my credit card they should be sued. I just didn't have the energy or patience to do that. The staff is rude And the place is terrible. Located in the Excalibur food court. Don't go!
1 Slow service considering they just had to scoop the food into containers and the food was so salty i couldnt even eat it all... Avoid this place!
2 Let me begin by saying their honey chicken is great, but that's were it all ends.  The orange chicken and fried rice tasted over cooked and burned.  At $8.99 for a combo I expected better and I have had better at other locations.  This location dropped the stix!  Never Again.
1 We were not expecting much from a fast food type Asian cuisine place and this one lived up to our expectations. A very young disinterested crew was on duty with no obvious leadership in place. They were more interested in talking about their personal lives than giving prompt attention. A pass thru window allowed us to watch horseplay in the kitchen while the food pans ran empty up front. This caused us to have to wait even longer to get our food. When we finally got our food it was hot...and fresh and that's about the only positive thing about most of it. Rice was under cooked and crunchy the noodles were no better than a package of ramen available anywhere for under a quarter. Most dishes were heavily salted or drowned in so much soy sauce that's all you could taste. The price point was about the best thing about this meal but felt I overpaid with the quality of food and service. I feel I would have been better off going to the McDonalds just to the left of it. At least when I go there I pretty much know what I'm going to get....
1 Wow, seems I should've read reviews first! All of the food in this food court was pretty unappealing so we gave it a shot. 3 meats and much of it all tasted the same. Ended up throwing out most of the container.  Best thing I had was the bottle of water.
