5 Bacon donuts!  Need I say more.  Very cool concept.  You order the number of donuts you want and tell them what flavor icing and toppings you want.  All donuts are cooked to order.  Toppings range from sprinkles to pretzels to bacon to nuts and on and on.  Definitely worth checking out!
5 Seriously the most awesome donuts around!  Totally custom & freshly made.
5 Went and tried Desert Donuts this morning and my first impression was "where are all the donuts?  Surprise! They are made fresh to order! YUM!   I ordered 2 dozen (for a work function, not all for me) and they where made fast and fresh!  Everyone at my work was fighting over the custom flavors and toppings. Did I mention they have BACON donuts? Service was super friendly  :)  I will definately be back!
5 Wow! Just stopped in for donuts. They are hot, fresh and made to order. About 20 different icings with 10 different topping choices. They taste amazing!
5 Really cool place! Order each donut customized and fresh from the fryer! Best if eaten right away! Only $1 per donut!
5 Fantastic concept. You walk in to a spacious space where you receive a warm greeted.  You order your donut(s) ala carte and they are made for you fresh in the spot. You choose your glaze(s) and any toppings and they are a dollar each or 11$ for a dozen. I had the maple topped donut with bacon.. OMG. I can't wait to pick up my son from school and come back in a couple of hours!!
5 Tried Desert Donuts after meeting the owners and thinking they were pretty awesome people. OMG. I'm hooked.  First, I love the concept. Gas station donuts ruined my desire for donuts probably about 20 years ago. These are different. They're hot, and they make them right in front of you so you can choose exactly what you want. I chose lemon icing with almonds (because fruit and nuts are healthy, right?). My sons got chocolate icing with bacon sprinkles (good bacon, too - not the yuck fatty stuff), and caramel with chocolate chips. Holy diet busters! They were incredible.  Service was friendly and efficient, and the place was sparkling clean, which is great considering it was a busy Saturday morning. If I would have been in the mood for coffee, they had locally brewed Kona coffee, which is awesome.   I love supporting local businesses any time I can, and this is one I would definitely endorse. My only problem is the added calories in my diet, but everyone needs an occasional splurge. This is the place to go.
4 Delicious!!!! The donuts are sooo warm and soft! Lots of different types or frosting and toppings to choose from! More on the heavier side for a donut but very good!!! Loved the caramel frosting with Oreos! Yummmmy!
5 BEST donut shop around!! Great customer service, and delicious donuts! Highly recommend!
5 I can't believe we never stopped in here before.  We were running into Albertson and smelled the donuts and had to try one or 5.  Yummo!  we will be back.
5 What a great locally-owned mom-and-pop style shop. I love it!  I have been here twice now - once with my better half because she wanted to try it, and once to bring a couple dozen in to work. True, they take a little longer to bring a couple duzzo to the office, but just call in your order ahead of time... they had it finishing up and waiting for me within ten minutes!  Donuts are airy and flavorful. They may be a tad on the greasy side, but let's face it, folks: you aren't eating donuts to be a health nazi. These may feel a tad greasier because of how fresh and soft they are, but if you wait a few minutes before gorging these tasty morsels into your mouth, you would realize they aren't bad at all.   The toppings were great. Almond Joy, Caramel Apple, Maple Bacon, Pink with Sprinkles (a la Homer Simpson,) are just a few of the delicious bites I got from there. The best one however is the Peanut Butter Cup.   Great staff, great concept, great owners - try it now!!!
5 We stumbled on the place while going to get coffee at McDonalds.  I alway like local places better than chains.  What a great surprise.   First of all, it was spotless.  These folks know how to keep a clean place.  We were greeted as if we were old friends.   Then we found out what this donut shop was all about.  They make your donut to order.  Wow.    Since we are "old school" when it comes to donuts we kept it very plain.  Just cinnamon and sugar.    They were the best coffee shop donuts ever.  Really.  Hot, fresh, and practically melted in your mouth.  I could have eaten more, but my wife only let me have two.   The staff was friendly and gave us some tips on where to go in the area.   Great coffee and great donuts.  Please bring your store to Mass.  We need some better donuts. We inflicted Dunkin Donuts on the world.  Our punishment is not having these guys near by.
4 We came here one morning on our spring break. The people were so friendly and the place quiet and clean.  We came on the morning where they were doing a 2 donut and milk special. We got 6 donuts for us and kids.  We got a few of the specialty donuts, including the maple bacon, the carmel delight and the sweet and salty. They were really warm and yummy. We got a raspberry inside out filled and it was good but messy.
5 Desert Donuts is Arizona's Voodoo donuts... But fresher. Their version of the bacon maple donut is fantastic!  All their donuts are made right when you order them and are prepared the way you like it. That kind of freshness makes these donut creations all on their own level. They have bacon toppings, pretzels, sprinkles, nerds, dried fruit... This place is so good!  The service is top notch too! They walked us through the menu and explained everything thoroughly and well. We will be back. A lot.
5 ***Stop*** If you're looking for a Dunkin' Donuts, traditional style place - You're going to be disappointed...And possibly a little confused. There is a real concept to this place: You order a quantity of donuts, then you get in line and pick your toppings and style of donuts...They are made fresh right in front of you!! The donuts are hot and delicious, and the freshly brewed, locally roasted coffee was surprisingly good (I had the kona blend). At a buck each, a saturday breakfast treat (2 Bavarian cremes and a small coffee) set me back just a hair over $3! The staff is friendly and willing to explain things. In all, I'm glad I decided to walk in this morning!!
5 We stopped here on our way up to Sedona and it was a perfect doughnut shop. Each doughnut is made fresh in front of you. And they had great coffee also. I got the bacon doughnut and the cinnamon doughnut. My friend got the banana cream pie doughnut. Great job guys! Great service!
5 I can honestly say that this family-run shop has been one of my finest customer-oriented experiences ever both for the quality of the products they sell but, even more so, for the wonderful, friendly service they have provided day in and day out.    I recently retired and decided to visit the North Phoenix area of Arizona for two months.  As a MA resident, I had become "addicted" to Dunkin' Donuts coffee back east, and was worried about what alternatives might exist in AZ if no Dunkin' shops were located nearby.  The very first full day of my stay, I decided to try Desert Donuts, and I'm very happy that I did.  Desert Donuts' coffee has become my new favorite (Kona Blend), and their fresh, warm donuts ... are to "die" for!  I have visited Desert Donuts nearly every day during my two-month stay and could not have been more satisfied with the quality of their menu and service.  The owners, Chris, Linda, Brent and Brandon, have been like a surrogate family, welcoming me each and every day and wishing me well as I leave (as they do for every customer).    I have also enjoyed watching young children come in with their parents to choose (or "build") their customized donuts.  If you live in the area or are visiting others who do, I highly recommend Desert Donuts without hesitation.  They are located near the intersection of I-17 and Carefree Highway.
5 Ok, this might sound totally ridiculous, but I stopped by this lovely establishment last weekend and had a hot donut with plain icing. I haven't stopped thinking about it since! I won't eat another donut from any other place. The staff is friendly yes, blah, blah, blah..lol, but these DONUTS!! OMG!!!! They are THEE most amazing things I've ever tasted in my LIFE! The hours are limited so I can't wait for tomorrow morning. That's the only time I get to get to them is on the weekends.   p.s. I'm an NPC national bikini competitor and I STILL can't stop eating these donuts... THAT is how good they are!
5 OMGosh! The best donut I have ever had! They make it to order, you choose the toppings and it comes out hot and delicious! I got caramel and toasted coconut and it was amazing! They also serve coffee, fresh beans delivered weekly! Espresso , and fresh iced tea made brewed with tea leaves. I am definitely going to be a regular. I just got home and I'm craving it already
4 Staff is friendly and the donuts are pretty good as long as you design a good combo of flavors and toppings.  Their examples are helpful, just wish they had more pictures of recommendations
5 I want to eat here every day! PLEASE! Amazing cake donuts made fresh for you. Even if you think you don't like cake donuts, please try these. They don't have that artificial greasy mouth residue thing happening like Dunkin.   We ate 6 donuts between 2 people. I had to try them all! My husband loved the maple bacon (big surprise, ha!) and I really enjoyed the chocolate glazed, s'mores and caramel coconut.   You've got to get this place out :) ALSO, only $1.25 for a fresh donut. Can't be beat.
5 Bacon doughnut is the real deal.  The doughnut was fresh and delicious. I will be back!
5 Probably the best donuts I've ever had!   Melissa R. told me about this place & as soon as she said "made fresh right in front of you" I HAD to try it out. You place your order for however many donuts you want, then you pick your icings & toppings.  I was a little overwhelmed at first because there were so many choices, there was a menu of some popular choices so I used that the help me decide. I ordered a lemon bar & a s'mores donut. They fry them right in front of you & serve them piping hot.  AMAZING!  They were so fluffy & delicious, the lemon bar was absolutely phenomenal, I have been thinking about that dang donut ever since we visited! The s'mores one was great to but the lemon stole the show.  Counting down until I visit again which I hope is extremely soon!
5 Just ate here this morning. WOW!   This place is just flat out fun in every way. Very reasonably priced, absolutely amazingly delicious, fresh and made to order doughnuts. You can choose from a pre selected style or you can make your own. Lots of delicious, fresh ingredients and frostings as well. This isn't some gimmicky place either, these taste like gourmet doughnuts. Not only are the doughnuts absolutely incredible, but the coffee, which is locally grown and roasted right here in Arizona is unbelievably good to!  If only I could give this place 6/5 stars I would!
5 Had my first Desert Donut this morning & can't wait to try it again! Will be bringing these to my work to share with my coworkers because they are so good I want everyone to try them!
5 I am not a donut person, last donut I had must be over 10 years ago.  With that said love this place, the concept is awesome.  They make your donuts as you order, pick your icing and toppings and receive them nice and warm.  Yummy!!!  Outstanding service and a fun experience will definitely be back!
