5 Went in to pick up shelves, had them already paid for, it was right there, they had 3 guys load it in my car for me and then I was done! Nice people, easy, didnt have to break a sweat!
5 We were driving through the Scottsdale area and honestly just killing time until dinner.  We stumbled across this place completely on accident, and fell in love immediately.  They have limited hours, but we lucked out and they were open when we got there.    The place can seem a touch overwhelming when you first walk in - think Ikea, but nicer furnishings!  We thought it would be a quick stop in and look around, but we were there for over an hour and half just perusing through all the various room setups and random placements.  We could definitely imagine our entire house being easily decorate with all the offerings this place had and the prices were extremely reasonable for the pieces.  Don't need a room full of furniture?  They have gobs of arts and mirrors and knick knacks!  Be warned though - if you pop in here for "one small piece" for a room you may very well end up replacing the whole room worth of stuff!    Overall: A (the only thing holding it back from an A+ is the limited hours)
1 Buyer Beware. We have bought several times from the Potato Barn. We picked a couch out on the sale floor sat on it liked the color. Paid for it and had it delivered. Once the couch was there didn't feel the same and the color looked different from the one we picked out. We called that day. Left a message for the owner he is the one that helped us out. No one called us back until the following day and when called back a employee called us. She had no answer for us. She said she would talk to owner and she never called back that day. So we called back when they opened up following day. Talked to the owner all we wanted was credit towards another couch. He pretty much said no and did nothing for us. We didn't ask for a refund we just wanted to exchange it.
1 I loved this store when it first opened. They had some very unique pieces.  Since they opened on Indian Bend , they have moved twice. They are currently in their second location on Mayo blvd.  I no longer think their stock is very unique. It's become very dark, heavy, ornate with overly carved wood work. They used to carry items that resembled Restoration Hardware pieces at half the price. Now it's a lot of dark Tuscan like items that just have a dated look. I hope they go back to what they used to sell.
