5 Have used Slaughter several times on the recommendation from a friend. Each time they continue to impress. I feel as if they're being honest and never trying to upsell. In fact, on more than one occasion, they've fixed something minor without telling me about and without charging me. I'm a big fan!
5 so i have been to other auto repair guys and i had one from my old town but now i have a company that seems real honest and really trying to fix your vehicle without ripping you off. i had my work van brought in because it was wearing unevenly on the front wheels and other shops said you need new tires and then alignment but then they couldnt get the alignment right so the other guys would say i needed a kit to align it right but slaughter got to the root of the problem and found that the springs were wore out after the new springs, no need for an alignment. boom!! thanks for you honesty
5 These guys are the BEST! I have had quotes from other mechanics that were double what they charged. As mentioned in another review they never upsell and they even fixed minor things without charging. I will only use them for all of my cars. I do not live close but it is worth the drive to have someone you truly trust working on your car.
5 I went in to pay for my parents repairs that Big O said only a new engine would fix (which the problem was a result of Big O servicing, but more on that in their review). I was met by the owner who identified himself as such and began explaining the problem and even having the bad part to show. Seems honest and down to earth. Not at all trying to come up on the fact that I have no idea about car repair, which is what we are all afraid of.   We were referred by a friend and now I want to pass the referral on. Would not hesitate to use them in the future.
5 I was referred to Brian Slaughter from a mutual friend.  I have been taking my vehicle there for almost 2 years and I have referred two other people to Brian. I will never take my car anywhere else!  Brian is honest, straight-forward and extremely reliable.  He is down-to-earth and he explains parts and problems in an easy to understand way.  He is very easy to do business with.  Brian and his team are fast and deliver quality work.  Like a previous reviewer said, he has fixed very minor items without charging or will only charge for the small part, no labor.  He has looked over a car that a friend was going to buy and advised if it was a good purchase.  i can't say enough about his service! Take your car to slaughter and Associates; your car will love it and you will not be disappointed!
5 Great service, and will help you out when needed. I needed my car back right away since I also use it for my business. They were very understanding and they fixed up my car right away. I'm very grateful for them for assisting me, and I highly recommend them. They will diagnose and tell you exactly what the problem is; no upselling and no nonsense, right to the point. Thanks again!
5 Hands down you will not find a more honest mechanic anywhere !  Finally !
5 I have a friend who does most of my work on my cars, but when I have something he can not work on, I take my car to Brian at Slaughter.  He is the owner and a very nice, honest mechanic.  They guarantee all their work and are very reasonably priced.  Brian goes out of his way to make sure you are a happy customer.  Highly Recommend for their honest, ethical work.
5 Slaughter & Associates is like having a family member who can fix cars.  Absolutely the best auto repairs in the valley!  Brian is honest and knows what he is doing.  He even fixed the window that wouldn't stay up, in my Mom's car, for free.  That never happens in the world of car repair.  I highly recommend Slaughter & Associates for all your auto repairs.
