5 It was awesome! Loved the environment and the food was just amazing.
4 Woah Nelly!  What a surprise. Come hungry!   A friend suggested this as a Saturday night field trip. So off I went to Scottsdale. I was a little bit worried about parking. There is a lot right where the event is held. But if I were you I wouldn't expect to park there. (It was full around 8pm) There were some folks who parked in the dirt area (which is unmarked) and I only realized this afterwards. D'oh! I parked in regular street parking.   Walked on over and was happy to hear music! There was a band playing. I was earlier than my friend and had some time to kill. Music is always a good thing. Later in the eve I started to pay more attention to what they were playing..but honestly all of it was great!  Just as a side note... This event is held at dusk and carries into the night. So heat isn't really an issue. And they have a misting station! The kids loved that area! There is plenty of picnic bench style seating for everyone. It's really neat in that folks really talk to each other (as no one really has a private table).  I stopped at the back for my sweets (gotta make time for that!) and then meandered around. There was a richness to choose from for main bites. I wish I had come hungrier.   Hoh Man I wish I had come Hangry. You know that feeling when you're so hungry you eat more than you actually have room for? Yea, that would have been good in this case.   I studiously wrote down the name of the trucks I gorged myself at. Why? So I could hunt them down around town. GOOD STUFF! And I'm hoping they'll be here next week. 'Cause I want to come again :)
3 This review is for the event, not the trucks.  We love the trucks!!    We stopped by the FTC the other Saturday to grab some viddles.  They start around 7:30, so the heat of the day has already started to die off a little bit.  Still warm out though.  Thankfully, they have misting stations up, which helps a little bit.  Hopefully, when the weather cools off a bit and the sun starts to set earlier in the next month or two, they'll change the event time to earlier in the evening..say starting at 5pm.  Only makes sense, right?    The Saturday we went, it was pretty crowded.  We were afraid we wouldn't be able to find a seat for the 3 of us.  Thankfully, we were able to squeeze in at a table.   So HEADS UP to the coordinators, more tables/seating please!!  Not everyone just eats and skedaddles.  People stick around.  I mean, this weekly event is meant to be a gathering of people to come eat and socialize, right?  Otherwise, whats the point in having a band?      We'll give it another try since it is right in our backyard.  But I think we'll have our camping table and chairs handy..just in case we cant find seating.
5 We went last weekend and had a ton of fun.  There were about 5 or 6 trucks and all sounded great. Apparently they rotate the trucks every week, so you can go and get something different each time.   We got a chicken and rice stew from a Caribbean/African truck and it was excellent. They also had gingerbeer which was so amazing!!!  We will definitely return.
5 Awesome! Second time at the caravan and love the quality and the variety! Our problem is choosing! Had the hot link and peach cobbler from Magnolia Smokehouse today and loved it all.  Oh, and great live music! Come on down!
4 The food trucks are there to provide a variety of food while listening to the nearby live music along the canal. NO restrooms, though so you have to cross a busy street and use the facilities in a nearby restaurant. Average meals cost $10.
5 Anyone who knows me knows that I love me some food trucks. I frequent the down town food truck caravan, but since I've started working in Scottsdale on the weekends I have been driving past this set up just waiting to give it a shot. I was not let down. A good number of food trucks, some I have had and loved and some I had not yet tried. It was hard to make a choice.  I went with some bar-b-q and creme brulee.  So good. And this set up is nice. Parking is not impossible, and they really let you know your in scottsdale.  They set up an eating area with a Moroccan theme.  Tapestries hanging, pillows ont he floor, colored glass lanterns on every table.  They really pulled out all the stops.  Very well done!
5 I was looking for fun things to do with friends we travel with-what a find.  The food was amazing there were eight of us and we all tried different food. We had 2 kinds of lobster rolls from the LobsterLady from Maine both were fantastic. We had food from the Kogi truck the chicken curry and short rib tacos were fantastic. We had the Rich poor boy (shrimp & catfish) from Buzz and Bees truck which was the killer best.  We got tacos from The Herald truck which we're amazing.  The Greek salad from the Extra Virgin truck was great.  The music was great. I spoke to Lori Baker the person who puts this together every week and told her we had a great time - she is amazing.  Oh I almost forgot we also had the hand dipped ice cream cones from the Ranch Burger truck which was a great finishing touch.  What a find when we come next year this will definitely be a repeat.
1 Very disappointing. Over hype under deliver. Bad parking lot layout. No seating. Not friendly. Selections very limited. Save time and eat at a nice Scottsdale restaurant.
4 This was fun to go too, definitely ended up spending a lot of money to try out lots of food trucks I haven't been to before.  They have live music and places to sit. Its a fun night out with a group of friends. Especially if you can't decide where to eat, everyone gets what they want.
4 As a lover of all things "convenient food" , I stumbled upon this gem. I am a frequent visitor of the caravan on Wednesday afternoons on campus at ASU. This event offers a great change of pace and an atmosphere that makes this one of the most underrated gatherings on Scottsdale Saturday nights.  Yes, the lineup of trucks on any given Saturday night can get predictable but nonetheless, there are always a few pleasant surprises from the live entertainment, art exhibits, and most importantly the food trucks.   Is it worth the drive all by itself? NO. But being in a middle of old town Scottsdale, the scene lends itself to endless possibilities. But if you are a foodie, then this is where you should be Saturdays. Bring lots of cash and empty bellys and you will be sure to leave very satisfied.
