3 Oh Tommy, oh Tommy, you have let me down!  I have been patiently waiting and waiting for a Tommy's up on my side of town.  I have been watching the countdown for the new store on Craig to open for months now.  I was so happy today when I saw on Facebook you were finally open.  My heart was all aflutter and I couldn't get over there fast enough to grab a ridiculously messy and oh so good chili cheese burger and fries.  And then it went downhill...  First, the location itself is tucked into a corner of a big shopping center.  There are only 3 parking spots near the restaurant.  Otherwise you have to park and walk across the entrance to the drive thru side which had a lot of cross traffic.  People were driving all sorts of crazy in this area, so be careful walking around here since there really isn't a clear path to walk on.  I actually had to do drive thru today because my kiddo had fallen asleep on the way over.  It is easy to get into the drive thru, but really tricky once you have picked up your food.  The driveway is very narrow and quite close to the building.  I drive a mid-size sedan and it was tight.  I feel bad for anyone is a big SUV or full size truck.  Pay attention or you might hit the wall.  Next, the order taker.  She was really quite friendly, but was on the pushy side.  I needed a second to review the board to know what to order for my daughter to eat later.  I asked to have a minute to check the board.  I think I got maybe 15 seconds before she was asking if I was ready to order yet.  There wasn't a line, so I am not sure why she was in such a rush.    I went ahead and ordered and then she asked if I wanted to upsize my drink for an extra $.50.  I said very clearly, "No thanks" to which she said "Ok."  I assumed that meant I would getting a regular sized drink, silly me!  I get up to the window and she hands me a large soda, which I was totally charged for, so it wasn't just a mistake by whoever was serving up the sodas.  I told her I said a regular and she said she thought I said to upsize it.  I wasn't in the mood to argue, so I just took the drink.  I mean I love soda and can easy drink 2 liters in no time, but I am trying to be good and cut back on my soda addiction.  So much for that!  It was just fishy, in my opinion.  I don't know if the girl really made a mistake or wanted to improve her up-sell totals.  So watch out for that trap.  Next was my burger order.  I ordered a regular chili cheese burger.  I specifically asked to have no onions because they are yucky.  The girl told me that they only put onions on burgers if you request them.  I said great and to please keep them off of my burger.  So you can imagine my surprise when I got home, having been drooling over the burger next to me for the last 3 miles, and then took a big bite into my burger that was covered with ONIONS.  Ugh.  I have never seen so many onions, it was almost like i got an extra helping of them.  Fun times for sure.  So after I took a bite into my onion infested burger, I had to take a big swig of my giant soda to wash the onions down.  Guess what?  The soda mix was totally off.  I mean the place had been open for 2.5 hours by the time I was there.  How was the soda to syrup mix already goofed up?  So yes, I paid extra for gross soda.    On the positive side, the burger was super tasty (once I picked all of the onions off) and smothered in delicious Tommy's chili and cheese.  The fries were simply amazing! I have no shame, so I scrapped all of the extra chili cheese off of the paper they were wrapped in. Yummmm, cheese paper.... If you haven't tried a Tommy burger, you really need too!  I still love Tommy's, even after all of the messes listed above.  I am giving this location the benefit of the doubt and giving them 3 stars.  It is their opening day, so maybe everyone is working out the kinks.
5 YES YES YES YES YES YES!!!!!! FINALLY! This location has been set to be a Tommy's for a longggggg time, but I guess there was an issue with the billboard being too close to the building or something. Who cares why it is open now!!!!!  There isn't much parking directly out front of this Tommy's (there is handicapped parking) however this Tommy's shares the whole parking lot with the rest of the shopping center and it isn't a far walk at all. If you are a true Tommy's fan the few extra steps wont kill you and since you are likely to be eating chili here you can use those few extra steps! There is also a drive-thru. It appears that because the drive-thru has little space that they only put in the few spots up front to detour accidents and want customers to park in the shared shopping center spaces.  It didn't surprise me to see this place packed when I walked in. There was a long line of hungry customers. I got in line while hubby kept an eye out to snag a table. The girl who took my order was very friendly and repeated my order to make sure it was right. I then made my way to fill up our drinks while the order was being made and grab some good ole Tommy's napkins. The napkins here are more like paper towels and necessary when eating here!   The food was ready and I was ready to dig in! I ordered a #4 "Chili Cheese Dog, Fries and drink" priced at $8.55 after requesting my drink be a large and adding chili, cheese, mustard and onion to the fries. Yum! I had to cut the chili dog in half and share it because it was hearty. The fries were delicious and held up the chili and other toppings perfectly. Hubby ordered the "Caliente Burger Combo" and gobbled it up. Our friend ordered a "Chili Tamale" priced at $3.25 and he really enjoyed it. We left very full and satisfied!   Anybody who has been to the original location at Beverly and Rampart knows the nostalgia that goes with that location. There will never be another like it, but we can certainly be thankful to have a location right here in Las Vegas to go to and make memories. Thank You Tommy's for branching out of California and making your presence in Nevada!     "If you don't see the shack - take it back!"
5 I still can't believe NV has Tommy's locations let alone one on my side of town. I will be a regular at this shack you can count on that! I got through my work day and couldn't wait to break in this location on its grand opening day. There was naturally a line when we got inside so I waited to get a table for us while my wife ordered. It didn't take long for our food to arrive and it looked so damn good. I ordered the caliente burger combo. The caliente burger is their original chili burger, but it has chipotle cheese and sliced cascabella chilies on it. I wanted an extra beef patty on it which cost $1.40 and was worth it. I like how you can ask for extra chili on your burger for no extra charge. My burger was great, my fries were great, I was happy. The side of chilies really hit the spot too. It is nice that the food tastes consistent and just like I remember from eating at Tommy's when I lived in southern California.   Not much parking out front, but This location is really tucked into a corner so you will need to most likely park in the strip mall parking which isn't far away. They have a drive thru, but I would only recommend this if you are in a hurry because when you get it to go the food gets wrapped tighter and then you just end up opening your food to find most of the chili on the wrapper.
4 Yummy!  Cheeseburgers  are great but messy.   Parking is awful.  But food is very good.  We had excellent customer service.  The other reviews are accurate.
1 We'll I was interested in trying a new burger and after driving by this place a few times figured I'd give it a shot.  Ordered a single chili cheeseburger got a regular cheeseburger.  The bun was soggy from the tomatoes and possibly the pickle as well.  So I took those off and it went down, pickles were the most memorable thing about the burger, pretty sad.  Also got the chili cheese fries or so I thought I got a Shyte colored paste resembling well diarrhea but thicker and pastier if that is a word.
4 I am thrilled this Tommy's location is finally open.  It has been a long time coming.  Despite a rather crappy location being behind the rest of a shopping center and visible from the street after driving past, people who are in the know and support such an historic piece of SoCal culture will keep this burger joint open hopefully for years to come.  It is a little strange driving under a low lying and quite large billboard when going through the drive-thru.  And it is equally strange being in a long and narrow drive-thru along side a flood channel.  But the product within this strange complex is what I know and love as the Original Tommy's.    I usally get the same order when I go.  I get a double cheese burger with everything.  That is a burger with two meat patties, cheese, rib sticking chili, a thick slice of tomato, diced onion, pickles and mustard.  Add some regular fries to scoop the chili drippings off the paper and you are set.  Some times I switch up my order a bit and get a chili tamale.  This is a tamale with chili and all the other fixin's from the burger.  It is almost every bit as good.  Worth a try.  If you are a breakfast person, try their burrito.  The last time I had one I had a BOGO coupon.  I ate the first burrito and had to save the other for lunch.  They are that big.
1 Yuck. Actual hamburger was paper thin.  Chili was very greasy. Customer service was great. But I I'll stick to in-n-out.
3 With all the rave about Tommy's, I was pretty surprised to walk in on a Tuesday at 6pm and see the place pretty much dead. Can't say enough about the staff though, the whole crew at the counter was really nice and friendly.   I like spicy food so the Caliente was calling my name. For starters, the chili is friggin delicious! It's ridiculously greasy but it is tasty and I'd go back just for chili cheese fries. The burger patties are super thin and when I tried to taste the meat by itself, all I could taste was the toppings. On the Caliente, it only comes with one patty so I felt like I was eating a chili sandwich with onions and peppers. They do have really good buns though so that's a plus.   Maybe my mistake was not getting a double or maybe even a triple burger. It may sound like a lot but the patties are so thin and I just couldn't taste the meat at all. They have a couple things on the menu I'd really like to try, especially the tamale and their breakfast. Even if just for the chili though, I'd go back again.
1 Heard what a "GREAT" burger could be had at Tommy's. What am I missing? Meat (?) patty was paper thin and tasteless, cheese was greasy (tasted like velvetta, yeah I know, but some people call that cheese), chili tasted like paste, tomato was not ripe. Oh wait..the diced onions were GREAT ! ! The staff, English obviously being their second language, had the personality of garden slugs. Then there is the even more obvious flaw. The location sucks, being tucked in the corner of an afterthought of  a parking lot. There is practically no parking near the front door. You have the empty  location of the previous BUZZ BBQ where people can actually see you and park close to the door that would have been a better choice. Actually Tommy probably did us all a favor hiding this horrible excuse for a burger joint where customers are not actually tempted to spend their hard earned money. Do yourself a favor and SKIP IT.
3 Tasted exactly as I remembered growing up in LA.  The only problem is that my tastes have changed and now it is too greasy and heavy for me.  I suppose if I'm plastered I would love a Tommy's burger, but I would positively regret it the next day.
3 I used to go to to the Original location since it's not far from where my brother lived but haven't had it in years.   The chili is this gloopy greasy mess that makes me think, "why am I eating this?" but yet I enjoy eating it with fries. I have a thing for thick cut fries, this nice inbetween steak fries and regular cut fries and they serve it up here.   I got a burger but since I had chili cheese fries already, I got just a classic california one. It was "meh". The balance was all off....what I mean is the patty was thin, then theres thick tomato slices, lots of lettuce, etc. I like when things are a bit more proportionate. The BF got a Caliente burger which was better.  When we ordered they messed it up and rang us 3 burgers, two classics and the clientele. When we told them, they refunded our money for the extra burger, but told us to keep it. I took it home and the pugs and cat split the cheese and meat patty.  I can see on the rare occasion I want that radioactive chili on fries coming here, but it's not something I really think I'll be visiting often. There are other burgers out there I like better.
5 SoCal has arrived only 10 mins away! The best of the best is here. I would have to travel to east vegas to get my grub on now just a few mins away. Fresh chili cheeseburger. ...chili cheese fries...and the best coca cola...I kno its just soda but it taste so good here. Good service.  Very happy!
4 first time trying and i would def go back. Service was great and the food was very good.
4 Good burgers and good fries. Not a huge fan of the chili, but I come for the burgers and fries. Good friendly service too.
3 A few of my customers & a few people I work with rant about how good this place is.  I guess a lot of them grew up on this place in cali. To be honest the food wasn't good. The chili didn't have a taste at all and I'd rather of got chili out of a can from a store and put i on my burger and fries. Sitting there with my girlfriend l, as we both ate we looked at each other and pretty much both said Wiener schnitzel had better chili. I'm giving it a 3 only because the service was good and place was clean but it would of got a 2 star if the service was also bad.
4 Finally after 2 years of waiting I have a piece of L.A close to my home here in Vegas. What can you say its Tommys... That distinctive taste is still there the only reason I gave it  4...... getting in and out is a pain in the ass bad bad location.
2 I don't understand the hype about this place. I think it must be a nostalgia thing for people that grew up on it. The chili is absolutely disgusting. It resembles canned cat food. It looks like it's been pre-eaten and takes on whatever shape and design is on it's lid, if you added cornstarch you could probably use it like play dough.  The burgers are very sub par and you get better fries in a high school cafeteria. My 3 year old wouldn't  touch any of her food after the first bite...and she  eats anything and everything.   Go to in n out, it seems like that's what their going for anyway. The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because the location is convenient.
4 I have been coming here for years. Normally it was our treat driving between Las Vegas and So Cal we would stop in Lenwood.  The grease has made me feel sick a number of times but somehow I keep coming back here - it is addicting. Until they posted the calories then I took a hiatus out of guilt but I still love it. Yes, it is horribly unhealthy and greasy but somehow it is just so good. You have to get chili though - I recently went here with someone who ordered the California burger with no chili - and this is just a no no, if you are not going to get chili then the burger in itself is much better elsewhere.   The chili makes it, some sort of beanless chili. I usually get the cheeseburger and if it is really a splurge then chili cheese fries.  Also, they have brewed ice tea - another plus and you can ask for sport peppers on the side.   Glad they finally opened this location! Although, my waist line curses them for doing so.
5 Why? Why had I not done this before? That was awesome. 5 Guys Burger (at least for now) is a close second. It was the chili. Made all the difference. It was pasty, greasy, spicy awesomeness. Now for some satire. I'm so happy they posted the calories for each item. As if that matters! Ha! The days caloric intake has been completed in one sitting. An apple is in order for dinner. I will return.
2 All Chilli and no dog... Not like the ones in LA at all!
4 College nostalgia has set in!  Remember back at UNLV when we used to drive to Cali for the weekend one of our stops would be Tommy's Hamburgers along the way.  The chili!  The grease!  The calories!  The tummy ache!  Crazy tasty!  I've been waiting for this Original Tommy's to open for months!  It is literally only minutes away from my humble abode.  Even though I am close, I choose to visit Tommy's on a non-regular basis.  Maybe only once or twice a month.  Read the board at Tommy's and you'll see why!  Yes, they post the caloric contents for their items...just like the ones in Cali.  So, so bad.    Yes, Tommy's is hit and miss with many folks.  Some swear by it, the meat, the cheese, the fries.  Others are totally lost on the concept.  Why is there chili on everything?  Why you ask?  Because without it it's not a Tommy's burger.  The chili is what sets them apart.  Come on, you go to McDonald's and wonder what to eat?  Most times you'll end up with fries or chicken 'McNuggets'.  You just do.  Same at Tommy's.  Just do.  By itself the chili is just OK.  It's got some spice and taste, but it ain't pretty.  Oh no, not pretty chili at all.  It is akin to something you might feed your beloved family pet, I'll give you that.  But it's subtle enough that it works on almost everything on Tommy's menu.  Burger with chili.  Yep.  Fries with chili.  Yep.  Hot dog with chili.  Yep.  Breakfast burrito with chili.  Yep!  It adds some substance to an already greasy meal!  Please folks, don't come to Tommy's if:  1)  You don't want chili on your items 2)  You are on the HCG diet, or the Slim Fast diet, or the "I don't eat anything with a face" diet (you folks have obviously never had a rare ribeye before)  Do so and you will be greatly lead astray.  Tommy's is oily!  Greasy!  Will stick to your ribs!  And any other limb you are trying to tone up for that matter.  But hey, it's supposed to be!  Sometimes folks just wanna be fat, and enjoy eating that way.  I myself try to find a 'normal' balance somewhere in the middle.  I love fancy meals, sure, but I also love down-home cheap eats too.  I'll give almost all of it a whirl just to broaden my food perspective.  It's what good Yelpers should do!    So, if you are a beginner here at Tommy's I suggest you tread lightly.  If you do a burger or chili here (you don't have to say "with chili" because it's basically automatic), don't do chili on your fries.  If you do the fries with chili, don't do a  burger or hot dog with chili (which you will have to say "no chili" because it's not automatic).  Do too much chili at one time and you don't have an iron gut?  Be prepared to hit the throne.  Hard.  It's a lot of food for one person!  Initiate yourself into the chili concept gradually.    "I rarely have a chili burger, but when I do...I prefer Original Tommy's..."  Stay healthy, my friends!
5 We have a place back home in Warren,Ohio, Called simply, 'The Hot Dog Shop', that is the 'Go to Place' for MILES around, for anybody that is looking for a quality Hot Dog, or Burger, But the Big Draw for either item is the Chili that is smothered on top! For over 35yrs I have yet to have find a place that could even come Close to the Taste of their Chili! Until Last Night! When I finally decided to go to Tommy's. Now I have seen this joint sitting kinda lonely behind an iron fence, on the corner of Craig and the 95 since their opening and would think to myself  "I Don't think that's such a good Location", and not because of where it's at, (It's Actually an eye popping location) but because of the accessibility. Well.. I did the venture through the drive-thru with no hassles or complaints to find myself perfectly situated for an easy exit back onto Craig. Then came the big moment when I was home and able to bite into the First Burger that took me back to my childhood years, Wow, Simply Amazing! You know the saying "If you Build it they will Come"  Well, they made it and you should Go!
4 Ah Tommy's, you either love it or hate it. If you like greasy, calorie-packed, delicious fast food and like reflecting poorly on your diet plan, then Tommy's is the place to go. You can't go wrong with a double-cheeseburger with chili-cheese fries! Tommy's is by far one of the best burger joints on the west coast, easily up there with in-n-out, possibly better. The chili resembles something that you can buy in a pet aisle, but it makes up for it's awful looks in it's personality (like that one girl in college that always wondered why you never wanted to hang out in public with her). Not too spicy, not too mild, a perfect taste and an ultimate addition to any of their meals.        If you aren't that thirsty don't buy a large drink, it's big enough to get you five years in prison if you walked outside with it in New York. But if you're willing to take on the bucket of carbonated sugar-syrup than by all means go to town. Don't pay too much attention to the bad reviews on here, some people just don't appreciate a tantalizing meal like Tommy's can serve up! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of location. VERY eye-catching, but the parking lot holds only a handful of cars, so you'll have to park a little ways away, but you'll need to burn the calories anyways. So whether you're heading home from work or taking your prom date out for the fancy meal she's waited her whole high-school career for, Tommy's is most definitely the place to go, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3 I had to visit Las Vegas for work. had to get a bite to eat and stumbled upon Tommy's. We don't have them in my neck of the woods and I had to stop. Ordered their classic Double Chili Cheeseburger, fries and a coke. The double is a meal all by itself. The steak fries were piping hot and were a good vehicle for the chill that slipped off of the burger. The beef patties are small and get overwhelmed by the chili. I walked out happy.
4 Pretty good burgers, pretty quick service. But the fries were soft and my daughter only ate 2 bites of her hot dog due to the poor taste. My husband didn't say anything, which is unusual if he really likes something. Great service though no matter what! Overall, I would go there to order a burger, but not the fries.
3 I used to drive 45 min to get this classic bit of Americana and now there is one two minutes  from the house. My arteries are in trouble...
1 Simply awful. Cold burger, gave me the wrong burger, and it had a big thumb print smashed into the bun. It was soaked in pickle juice. gross. the French fries were so so will not be going back.
1 Not bad if u like food with no taste I thought I was eating a hockey puck for a burger needs alot of work
3 good and rather tasty but don't see all the hype.  Lots of calories on those chili cheese fries but you should know that in advance.
5 Really a good deal for the price. $15 for the 2 of us. Had the #3 with chili on the side. Great burger. Crisp fries & and bomb chili!!
5 Tommys is one of my guilty pleasures. My ex boyfriend and his family raved about it cause they grew up in california where the place originated. So anytime someone would take a trip to cali they would always bring back Tommys so I got to taste it a couple years ago. It was good but you can imagine it wasnt that fresh after being in the car for 4 hours! So when they opened up a Tommys in town I was super happy. The only downfall was it was all the way on the other side of town by St. Rose Hospital. I live in the northwest and am rarely on that side of town so I only had it once. They also have another location on boulder hwy but I never made it to that one. Luckily they ended up opening this location which is just off craig and the 95 and super close to my house! I am super happy that Tommys is so close to me now and I can indulge whenever.   I just love their chili. It does not have any beans in it and its spiced perfectly. I like it so much sometimes I go there just for the chili which they sell in to-go cups. All of their burgers come with chili,onions and mustard but if you dont like chili on the burger you can get it on the side or omit it completely and just get their burger "cali style" with thousand island sauce, lettuce and tomatoes.! They also have breakfast and tamales with chili of course! I almost always get the chili cheese fries and a burger cali style. Also as I said before you can order the chili on the side and get fries and make your own chili fries if you want to be thrifty! Definately check this place out it is worth it!
3 I give this Tommy's 3 stars only because it was clean and the employees are nice. We didn't care for the food at all. Maybe when back when we were kids or teens this food would have been better.
1 Walked in, sat at the bar and started playing video poker. After 20 of not being greeted I hit cash out.  10 minutes later had my money laid in front of me and bartender walked off without saying a word.  He walked by again and I asked for a menu. He put it about 3 feet from me and still did not offer a drink.  Actually he just dropped the menu as he walked by. I was meeting my wife there for dinner after a.  now we're going elsewhere. I've worked in restaurants for 25 years. Can't remember service being this bad anywhere.
5 Hell yes.  It's Tommy's, if you don't get it, then that's too bad.  I don't get White Castle/Crystal's personally, but others do.  Double chili-cheese burger with extra pickles and chili-cheese fries and a coke.  The best part is that it is more consistent than even the big chains.  If you blindfolded me and took me to different locations I would not even notice.
