5 I have found a new favorite for cell and tablet repair. After giving iPhix several tries now I call Jonny at iFly. They come to me, the prices are great and they changed out a iPhone 4 back glass in less than 5 minutes on my counter! all the guys are super cool. I will definitely be using them again and again cause we all know what happens when you have teenagers and phones!
5 Absolutely the BEST!! My phone was flawlessly repaired in no time and looks better than when I bought it brand new! Thanks to the professional and friendly staff, I'll only bring my devices to iFly Mobile from now on!
5 They fixed my shattered screen on my iPhone 4S. These guys are great!!! Excellent service and a great price!!!
5 Woosh! Talk about customer service. These guys sacrificed valuable family holiday time on x-mas eve, to help do an ipad screen repair that I needed to have done as a gift to a very important individual for x-mas morning. These guys were incredibly friendly, and very sympathetic to the situation, while everyone else wanted to take my money, and ignore the fact that I needed this completed by x-mas. Telling me the earliest they could have it done is 12/26 or 12/27.
5 Came in with some dust in my iPhone 5 camera lenses. Took my phone into the back and cleaned it out for me. Picked up a new case while I was here and they put the quick service of my device on the house. In and out in less than 20 minutes.   Awesome guys, will come back for any third party stuff I need.
5 Good People, Good Service, Great Business!!! It's that simple. Professional and easy to talk to. They will NOT scam you. They all know what they are doing and will answer any questions you might have. In fact these are the dudes you want to go have a beer with later. Would recommend this business to anyone with phone, or tablet repairs. Give them a chance and you will not be disappointed.
5 Took my wife's iPhone 5s into this shop for coffee damage, of all things, which I was told was the worst kind! The guys in the shop were helpful, honest and courteous. Not to mention fun to talk to. Gave me a price that was not off the charts, very reasonable, actually. They had to pick up a few parts that they did not have in stock, but 24 hours later, my wife and her phone were reacquainted. Great guys, great price, great business. I would send anyone I know to I Fly Mobile Phone Repair anytime! THANK YOU!
1 I rarely give bad reviews but these guys did me dirty.   The story goes, I got my iPhone 5 screen fixed here and the guy who worked the counter that day was really nice. I even got a 3 month warranty with the deal.   A week later my screen starts acting up: typing on its own, freezing, and it wouldn't sense when I touched the screen. I'd been busy but I brought it back a week after I was having problems.  There was a different guy working the counter this time and after I told him what the issue was he said it wasn't an issue with the replaced screen. After telling him I never had these issues until after I had it fixed there, he still refused to take my phone in and look at it. Instead he blamed it on the ios software and went into my setting to make the touch sensors more sensitive.   I really didn't appreciate the fact that they don't honor their warranty or even trust that the issue was the screen.   So I decided to take it to a different iPhone repair shop. They pointed out that the screen was actually coming off of the phone when they pulled off my case.  I will never come here again nor do I recommend anyone to trust their services. They are a waste of money and time.
