5 Mark did a great job.   On time, courteous, and professional.  Competitive pricing. Was thoughtful in placement of wet/ dripping hoses on towels to protect wood floors etc.
4 Mark was prompt and very professional.  He explained the process he was going to use to clean the tile and carpet.  He was careful about keeping everything clean and afterwards helped dry the tile so that I could walk around easily in the house without getting it dirty or tracking the water around.  Would highly recommend!
5 very professional and courteous. prices were fair and he did a great job
5 A great job at a fair price!  Mark even passed up dessert with his family to come back out and do an extra enzyme treatment while the carpet was still wet.  You don't get customer service like this anymore!
3 Gcs was quick to respond when I contacted them to set up an appointment. They arrived on time and did a fair job. My only issue with them was that before I contacted them I visited the website to be sure that they serviced my area. According to the site, they did. Therefore I proceeded with purchasing a Groupon for the service. However, when I contacted them they said that they would charge me extra for travel. I was already locked in and couldn't return the voucher so I was stuck paying the extra. I wish the website had indicated that there were additional fees based on location.
5 Best carpet cleaning of my life!  Very thorough and doesn't try any upsell at all.  He pre-treats what needs to be pre-treated, rakes it into the carpet, then pre-treats again on top before extracting.    I have had several less than positive experiences with carpet cleaners over the years.  Mark arrived 5 minutes early and was ready to go to work.  He explained the process and got stains out from my traffic areas that no other companies had been able to do before.  He also answered all of my questions about keeping the carpet clean, and why the previous cleanings caused more harm than good.  GCS will be my carpet cleaner for life.  Five stars.
5 I've had mark come out twice to service my home in the 2 years we rented it. He did an excellent job!! I will use Mark again!
5 Wow thus guy is great! I called around to find anyone who could do my carpet same day. Mark answered his phone and was so pleasant and able. He got to my house at 4:00 on time. I was unsure what I needed at first, but he walked through and let me know. He did the 4 bedrooms in under an hour. The carpets were cleaner then when we moved in!! He was so great and the price could not be beat for the quality. I will definitely use Mark in my new home and would highly recommend you do too.
5 GCS is what customer service should be. I would highly recommend this company to anyone looking for a carpet cleaner. Mark is fast and reliable and he does a great job. And on top of that, one of the nicest and most straight forward people you'll ever do business with. Mark has vouchers on Groupon and Amazon local quite often but do him a favor and call him directly for a quote. Odds are he will offer you the same great rate that you'd get buying from those places, and he won't have to give 50% of it off the top. Good businessmen like him deserve all the profit.
5 I would totally recommend Mark from GCS Cleaning services. He did a great job at a reasonable price. I am happy with his service and would recommend him to my friends.
5 Excellent customer service, excellent carpet cleaning, excellent experience. We needed carpet cleaning ASAP and they got us in within a few days of our phone call. Friendly and courteous, they worked with our schedule, which helped a ton. We had a stain that we thought would never come out - glad we were proved wrong! The price? Extremely reasonable. We were pleasantly surprised and have already boasted to friends about the service we received at the cost we paid. Will use them again!
5 Mark was awesome in finding a time that he could fit us in so last minute.  He was even a little early for our appointment.  He did a great job, our carpets look almost new! His prices are very reasonable and when it comes to a reliable trustworthy businessman, I would recommend Mark!  We will definitely being using him again in the future!
5 Mark was very responsive and was able to squeeze me into his schedule for air vents to be done and tile and grout service. He did a great job and was friendly & hard working.
5 I had a small problem, but the owner personally stepped in an addressed it promptly. I appreciated that he personally called me and worked diligently to make the situation right. This company stands behind its work and will make every effort to make sure its customers are happy. My fiancee is happier now that the carpet is clean because her allergies don't bother her anymore.
