1 I stopped by last week to dry clean 3 items: 2 cream/black dresses and a pair of black men's dress slacks. The drop off process went well and I paid before I left since they offer a pre-pay discount. The three items was just short of $16 and would be ready the next day after 6pm.  I went to pick up the items two days later, but was told one of my dresses needed to be run through again. I wasn't necessarily happy since I know dry cleaning can be rough on fabrics, but I would rather have a clean dress to wear than one that still appeared dirty. I was able to pick it up Monday after 4.   Today I went to pick up my dress and it looked discolored, almost like it was washed in tea. I told the gentleman that it looked strange but that it may have been the lighting in the store. I brought it home and inspected the garment under a few different types of light (bathroom, living room, and even brought it outside). Nope, I wasn't crazy, it was obviously discolored- a couple of the tags had even turn brown. There was also a black smudge on the shoulder and the clasp at the top of the zipper was mangled.   I called to ask about why the dress had been discolored (I wasn't really upset, it was an even discoloration, I was just curious if it was a process unique to their dry cleaning). They told me that with a few more washes, that the color would fade to become bright and whiter again. They invited me back to wash my garment a few more times, I declined and told them I wouldn't be back, and that I was unhappy with the clasp they ripped apart. The fabric of my dress also seems rougher than when I dropped it off, but I'm going to chalk that up to the dry cleaning process until I become more familiar with it.   I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, and am still on the hunt for a dry cleaner that won't ruin my wardrobe. :(
5 I really like this place. They are the best cleaners I have used. The gentleman at the front desk is always courteous and personable. They cleaned my duvet cover until is was perfect, as well as a leather jacket. Great attention to detail. I trust them with anything.
5 Came in an hour and a half before closing on a Saturday and they were still able to get my dress pressed! Very friendly and great rates! Will definitely be back thanks for saving me!
