3 I drove to Inchins on their very first day and without a doubt it was very crowded. I had to leave the place without any dinner because I have a 7 month old son and he would not allow me to wait for a long time. No complains there.  I came back on the upcoming Wednesday and the place had mild traffic. The service was terrific and we were served our food quickly. Service was very good and I commend the place for that. Not too sure how efficiently they would function in extremely high traffic.   Moving on to the food:  1) Not too spicy as you get it in India (but I dont mind that part)  2) Generous portion sizes  3) Good menu choices (vegetarian and non vegetarian)  4) Prices: Not on the modest side. $10 for a starter is a little bit high for me.  5) Additional sauces on the side are a big plus and improve the taste of the food.  Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who would like to try out something new for a change. But if you expect spicy indianized chinese, this is not for you.  EDIT: Visited this location again. The staff was pleasant as usual, but the food is downright boring. The Chineese bhel was probably fried in used oil and the Chicken manchurian lacked any flavor. Not going back to this place. Boring...yawn!
5 Excellent food. We had been eagerly looking forward to its opening as we love their Atlanta branch. Food was spicy and very close to the Indian food we get back home. The kids loved the Gobi Manchurian appetizer. The chili chicken was fabulous and so was the burnt garlic fried rice. The hot and sour soup was meh. The quantities were perfect. So happy to have an Indian-Chinese place in Scottsdale.
4 So here's the deal with Inchin Bamboo Garden - the service on weekends is meh, partly because of the Indian mentality of not turning a guest (in this case a customer) away. American restaurants are very upfront about waiting time and solid about reservations, but Inchin on weekends? Not so much. I'm not sure if it is because they are brand new and trying to build a customer base or if it's a management problem. Either way, they should fix it soon because THEIR FOOD!  OMG! I think the Indo-Chinese food at Inchin might even be better than some that I have had in India. It was so good that we didn't even mind the can-be-better service. It was worth every minute of our wait. We got Veg Manchurian, Chili Chicken, Hakka Noodles and Burnt Garlic Fried Rice, and LOVED IT! In fact, we went this past Friday and I'm already craving their food. We might go back this weekend.  The place is worth checking out. If you are not up for a wait on a weekend, go on a weekday, but do go. Also, do let them know about the spice levels, just in case. Our food was spicy but we were okay with that.
1 Why, why, why do I always have "bizarre-o" experiences at restaurants?  I am beginning to think I am cursed! Is it so hard that I receive a balance of good customer service, good food and a nice atmosphere?  Is it too much to ask?  Really?  Read my other reviews and you will understand what I am talking about.  Dismal one and two star ratings, of otherwise highly rated restaurants!  Well, on to this story.............  I normally try to not frequent "chain" or "franchised" restaurants.  I don't like them.   When I go out and spend money, I want a chef preparing my food, not a cook.  If I want a cook to prepare my food, I will cook it myself - at home.  I am a cook, not a chef..............    I visited Inchin Bamboo Garden on 8/1/2013 with a group of co-workers celebrating a birthday lunch.  The birthday person chose the place.  It was noon and the place was completely empty when our party of 9 arrived.  We chatted a bit and then placed our order.  We all ordered off the lunch menu which included soup, a choice of rice and the entrée.  One of my co-workers was worried about the spice level of the black bean sauce in one of the vegetarian dishes and asked if she could have the sauce on the side.  About 15 min after we had all placed our order, the waitress came back and said she could not get the sauce on the side.  Hmmmm, why?  It was just sauce?  So we asked to speak to the manager as we felt this was not an unreasonable request.  The manager, begrudgingly, came over and said they could not serve her black bean sauce on the side because they are a franchise restaurant and they use prepared powdered mixes and it reconstitutes as they cook the dish.  Oh yeah, that sounds yummy!  NOT!  Oh, BTW - That was the LAST time we saw the manager.  About 40 minutes into our wait, still no soup.  Nothing.  Then SOME entrées start coming out.   I got mine, and I said to the waitress, "Shouldn't the soup come first?"  She said, "Yeah, usually".  Usually?  OK, whatever.  Out of the 9 of us, 5 got entrees AND soup, the other 4 had nothing not even the soup!  One of my co-workers ordered the chicken curry and her teeny, tiny bowl was only a tad over half full.  I will attach a picture.  Yes it was so pathetic I took a picture, the picture time stamp was 12:41 PM - make note of this.  My portion was small, but at least I got my full portion.  I ordered the Sliced Lamb Hot Garlic.  It was ok.  The rice was terrible!  I ordered the fried rice; it was dry, cold and flavorless.  It was like it had been made the day before and thrown onto my plate.  The hot and sour soup was cold on top and smoking hot in the middle.  It was not very good either.  I wanted to eat, I was hungry, but as my 4 other co-workers sat soupless and foodless - I held off.  So we waited, and waited and waited about another 15 minutes.  Finally the waitress brought 3 of 4 soups but still no entrees, one "lone" co-worker still sat with nothing.  We all had meetings and had to get back - so we had no choice but to ignore etiquette and start eating.  Then magically, one more lunch was served from the kitchen-which ended up not being what she ordered, but she accepted it anyway.  And then there were three, one co-worker still with no soup OR entrée!  We asked the waitress what the heck was going on? The waitress then told us that all our food WAS ready at the same time, but 4 of the 9 entrees were delivered to other tables.  What other tables?  There wasn't anyone else there when we ordered?  There was now ONE other table of people, but did they really have our food?  What was the coincidence of them ordering the same items?  Finally, at 1:03 PM, the last 3 entrees came out from the kitchen-sadly one had to be in a "to-go" bag because she had no time to eat because of her meeting and had to get back to work.  The other two co-workers just ate fast.  At the end of this horrible experience, they did comp the 4 missing meals and after asking they took 10 % off my bill - geez thanks.  The waitress made mention that the manager sent her out to us to apologize and to let us know that 4 servers quit that morning and they had to use kitchen staff to help run the food.  Well there were only 2 tables of people TOTAL, how many servers do you need to wait on 2 tables?  There were other people I saw working there doing nothing.  And what about the manager?  Where the heck was he?  Why wasn't he helping?  Never once did he come over to apologize, but instead sent the waitress out to do that for him?  Isn't that HIS job?  All he did was hide in the kitchen.  Truly terrible experience.  Ironically, the girl who had to get the "to-go" order and never got any soup, is from Seattle and she says that she used to frequent the franchise located there and said that it was wonderful!  Hard to believe that is true with the comedy of errors at this place!  This is a DO NOT RETURN - DNR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3 Food is really good. But the service is aweful. I don't understand what part of restaurant service they don't get. They have such good food and I hope they don't screw up with the service and drive away the customers forever. I may be one ov those if they continue with this type of ridiculous service .
4 It is a truth universally acknowledged, that any foodie from India must be in want of good Indo chinese food. And Oh I have waited for that in Phoenix for the last 6 years I have been here. I have finally been rewarded.  We had a good dining experience last Friday when we went for dinner. The sweet corn chicken soup, drums of heaven and salt and pepper shrimp were all quite comparable to what you get back home.  For entrees, we had the chicken manchurian, chilli chicken and chilli shrimp. Unfortunately, all of the gravy, while tasty, tasted alike. Would have probably given a 3.5 star due to this but am feeling generous. The burnt garlic fried rice and hakka noodles was very good. They also have their sauces on the table so you can customize as you want. Serving size is decent.  Service and decor is very nice.  TIP!!!  Please make reservations prior to going here, they either overbook on the reservations or are really busy. We walked in without a reservation and had to wait almost 40 minutes to be seated.  Will return whenever the craving hits again.
1 Did not even get to a table, despite having called an hour before and asked for a table for 7 at 7! The female on the phone told me that they were not taking any more reservations but for us to come on in and they would seat us. Upon arrival there was no greeting from any of the staff. I walked up to the person who seemed in charge and had to get his attention as he was more involved with another (yawning) employee. I won't go into any further details but I see the common thread about poor service in all the reviews! I concur.
4 I think this is one and only Indo-chinese restaurant in Phoenix area. Nice and clean place. Food was really good. We went on a Thu with reservation and was not crowded.   Try the Manchurian Chicken ... Tasty
4 Indo-Chinese cuisine is pretty popular in India especially in the South India. I've been wondering why there are so few of them here in the US when the Indian diaspora is increasingly south India. If you are expecting the American chinese or real chinese cusine, you will be very disappointed.. but if you know what Indo-Chinese tastes like.. this place is pretty close to what it should be.  Went here with a big group and tried almost everything on the Menu... loved their appetizers, and all their fired rices tasted similar. Their spice level is pretty mild and the sauces that they put on the table are very tasty. I am sure it's not the food you should be eating all the time being deep-fried and all but it's a great guilty pleasure if done once in a while.  The service was good albeit a little slow. The restaurant get packed so, having a reservation definitely helps.
3 Uh-oh, now bear with me for a second.    I went in for lunch a few weeks ago and stood at the front for about 10 minutes before finally leaving.  Ok, it was probably 5, but when you're waiting it seems like twice the time, and either way 5 was too long.  Strike One.    The place still has intrigued me-so I decided to give it a second chance, if only for some take-out.  So I walk in around 7pm, and grab a menu from the bartender. I decide to order the friend won-ton and the....well, I asked her about the Singapore Shrimp.  She had absolutely no idea what it was.  I then asked her about the won-tons, and she did ask me if I wanted vegetarian or chicken, so she knew the won-ton.  While she was very nice, not knowing a product on a menu isn't really acceptable in a restaurant like this.  She fumbled around for a while until she could get someone to explain it, so at least she was trying.  Not her fault- but is very indicative of the management.  That needs to be fixed. Strike Two.   Anyway, I got the food home, and whoa,..180 reversal!  The wontons were perfect (chicken), and not what you'd expect.  Very tasty and almost light- they were excellent.  And then I got to the shrimp, and it was also really good. It wasn't as spicy as I wanted, but it was plenty spicy enough-I just like xxxxx hot.  The texture was great, the shrimp were large and all-in-all it was enough food.  I will go back, but if they continue to have service issues they will fail.    I
3 My husband and i went for dinner at Inchin last evening. We arrived at 8 40pm and the place was packed, we were seated at the bar until we got our table. We had a few daiquiris and margaritas- nothing special there. For appetizer we had the fried chicken wantons. They were deep fried, as hard as rocks, i could taste nothing. We also tried the mixed fried rice, and scjezuan chicken. The rice was not too bad, it was un oily, which i appreciated. The chicken was  good too, reminded me of the Chinese fare i am used to from eastern India:) All in all, the food was ok, the place is a little un managed though. There were folks who were party of 4, seated at a 6 person table, thereby wasting two seats, those could have been pulled out to make a makeshift table,which would have reduced the wait times.
2 Ambience was great but food was very mediocre. The noodles tasted good. I didn't like the Manchurian. Food was very spicy.
5 Great food as always in every Inchins location same spicy level and good amount for lunch serving . Had crispy chili honey chicken with hot and sour soup and chicken fried rice taste will be mouth till dinner .
1 I will never go back.  I said I would give it another chance (which I shouldn't have) after my last review and I did that.  More of the same.  Terrible service.  Took 5 minutes to even be greeted to get my take out.  Then the person behind the bar said and I quote "yeah, it will likely be 25 minutes before we can even start your order".  This is too bad, but three strikes and you're out.
4 Yummy spicy food - reminds of chinese food in India. Really good food and  ambiance, service ok but can be better.
5 Great Chinese food in Indian style. I and my friends were dying to eat indo Chinese food from a long time and we are glad to find this place. Chicken schezwan and American chopseuy were amazing. Would recommend to all Indians.
4 Really need 1/2 stars here, more like 3 1/2.  This is not a Chicago restaurant  but for dumbed down Scottsdale it is decent.  At least there are some interesting choices and the food is pretty tasty.  A bit heavy handed on the salt or soy I think, but some good flavors.  I chose the hottest dished available, and they were still not very hot for me, but I could add some of the table sauces and that did it.  My hsb likes blander dishes like the stir fried beef.  The chicken and beef were good quality, not grisly like some places.  Our service was fine, we had a really pretty Indian-American girl who was on the ball.  The place was 1/2 full Saturday when we came in at 7:30 then really got busier.  Most of the patrons were ethnic which isalways a good sign.  But most appeared to be of Indian heritageor that neighborhood, not Asian.  Anyhow, we'll try it again.  There is really slim pickings wth this type of food here.
4 I have written this before, but will write it again that.. in Phoenix, an Indian restaurant would not suffer on Bad Service. An Indian restaurant will probably suffer on bad food only.   I mean all Indians loves the indo-chinese food, it is greasy, it is fried but still we love it. Inchin has a great variety for vegetarians, no problems with food at all. It is yummy. The soups and appetizers are great, the entrees are great too. I mean nobody else is serving this stuff, so of course Inchin has an edge over other Indian restaurants. The portions are big, so you would definitely pack some home for next day..   We have been here 2-3 times. One of which was the new year's eve, too many server girls moving around, we were taken to our seat as we had a reservation, the restaurant was not completely packed as yet, but this lady never returned to us with menus. The girls were just moving around in groups, just chatting away... not looking or going to customer's seats at all to ask them... whatever... I did not see any manager who would at least just tell them what was needed to be done... anyways we got our menus and ordered, the food took forever to come. Overall service is not that great, but not absolutely pathetic, so i go for 4 stars.
5 Five stars coz there isn't anything higher than that!  Excellent food,  very professional service and perfect ambience.  Best place for Indian chinese food hands down!  We drive all the way from Gilbert for this food!  Great job!  Love their veg coin manchurian and lat mai paneer!
1 The soups and sauces are full of cornstarch and have a gooey consistency...would we ever go back?..NO
2 Giving two stars only because the food was good. Not great, but good.  Pros:  Good food  Cons: Horrible service Late food. Took almost an hr to get the food.  Servers are not even bothered to ask once they take the orders  Our server took wrong order and then had to replace the food Server didn't even know how to place the food on the table(slams the plates all the time), chewing gums. No etiquette at all.  Is it worth a second visit? Only when I'm craving for a indo-Chinese food
4 So freaking excited that we finally have an indian-chineese fusion place around here!  My wife and I love indo chineese... it's one of the fusions we look forward to on all our trips to india.  With these two countries neighboring each other it's not surprising the flavors are compatible and can cross pollinate so well.  The only real question is why hasn't it picked up more in the US.    That said, Inchin Bamboo Garden is a breath of fresh air in the relatively mediocre indian food options we have in the Phoenix area. Hallelujah!     That said, they're not quite into our regular rotation for a few key reasons.  1) The service needs some work.  Too often we found ourselves waiting for soda/water refills, etc.  This might be because the location was relatively new when we went there, so I'm willing to not slam them on this as much as I would a more established place.  Pick it up guys.  2) Some of the dishes seemed to err just a bit on salt/msg side common in some cheaper chineese restaurants. Again, they were new and were probably still dialing things in.    All that said, those draw backs weren't really bad enough to prevent us from going there again...   Because honestly the food is that much fun!  And vegetarians... EAT HERE!! LOTS OF NUMMY NUMMY GOODNESS for you :)   And protip:  Chili Paneer.   YUM YUM!! EAT IT!
4 The food here is fantastic.  Indochinese food is a unique type of cuisine you can't find everywhere.  The flavor profiles are interesting and complex.  Good decor and good prices.  Friendly staff.
2 New location near my office in Scottsdale. We ordered 3 items for to-go lunch, fried egg plant, Chili Chicken and Shrimp Szechwan style.  All 3 were swimning in gooey sauces.  Two of the sauces tasted identical.  Eggplant was good, but there were only few pieces and it was smothered in dark sauces.  Not sure why all are so soupy?    Reading from all the reviews here, I wonder if I went to the same Inchin's Bamboo Garden?  What's Indo-Chinese?  I went in with open mind to try new cuisine, may be Indo-Chinese isn't for me.  May try again, though.  Sunny Az
4 Amazing place.... the first place i liked that actually serves indochinese food... Their schezwan chicken and burnt garlic fried rice are remarkable.. Also, they are quick with service and quantity of food is worth what you pay for... All in all great place!
4 The chili chicken was delicious.  Reasonable portion size.  Good Indian/Asian beer selection.  Definitely will come back and try other dishes.  Quiet, attractive decor.
4 Great food!! Service could be more proactive.   We got the 'Drums of Heaven' to start with. They were very well seasoned and full of flavor. For our main course we had Chicken Manchurian which was decent but the Cauliflower Manchurian was definately a better dish. Hakka Noodles, american chopsuey were decent as well. Overall it was a good experience and I will be dining there again.  Also, it would be nice to have some outdoor seating
5 Very quiet over lunch hour. Was exactly what I was looking for too. However I hope they aren't relying on their lunch crowd for business, because it's lacking.   The food was great. $8.10 for soup, veggie egg roll and mixed veggies and brown rice.   Ladies working were super nice and I enjoyed their company while sitting at the bar.   I'll be back. Super spicy just the way I like it!!!
4 The food was great.  Was little oily but tasted really good. The service was also fast. I felt it was little expensive especially the gratuity they added themselves for a party of 5. On the whole a must try place.
5 Phenomenal!! Been here twice, it's about a half an hour drive from me, but IMO it's pretty worth it. I am not an expert on Indian and Chinese cuisine, but this fusion was just very flavorful and tasteful. They have this paneer cheese appetizer and it tastes so savory and the texture is perfect. It's a bit spicy, but I love the heat.   The first time I went, it was a Sunday evening and it was Soo packed and it really affected the service. It was understandable, and it looked like it was taking a toll on our server. But the food really outshined.  The second time I went was the following Tuesday, believe it or not. It was Soo much better and calmer. It was such an enjoyable experience. There was this server who brought the food out and really took his time to set the plates of food down equidistant from all other plates. It was strange, but pleasantly appreciated. The server that took our order was very friendly too and offered really great recommendations. I cannot recall the names if the dishes, but one of my favorites was a fish in a chili cream sauce.   I'll be coming back!
4 Great place for Asian cuisine. If you order fiery, have a glass of water next to you - it really will be fiery! Overall ambience is very nice however the music killed the mood. It's a very warm, cozy next to the fireplace type of ambience with Rihanna playing in the background. It was out of place.  Overall great place for lunch and dinner with friends and family
3 Tried the American Chopsuey, tad too much sweet sauce for my taste. The fried rice was spiced right
4 One of the best places in US that serves Indo-Chinese food. The other place that comes to mind similar to Inchin is the Chinese Mirch on the east coast. Out of the two Inchin wins in the food quality and taste and the options. Also it stands out pretty well in terms of the ambience and service.   The pan fried chilli paneer and 'drums of heaven' are the shining stars of the big menu. Schezuan fried rice and cauliflower manchurian fares out pretty decent too. If you are in the phoenix area, Inchin is definitely worth the trip.
5 Went for dinner last night and the place did not disappoint! We were a big party, but were lucky enough to get one of those big booth tables, and got some privacy from the rest of the hall.   The food was delicious and the best Indian Chinese I've had in the US. My personal favorites are the Chili Chicken, Chili Potatoes, and the Basil Chicken Rice!! So good!  Our Server was pretty good too! Yes, it takes a while for the food to get served, but hey have you seen how busy they are on weekend nights!? We waited for a bit, but the food was definitely worth the wait! Oh btw, while you wait, you can always read up on Chinese signs and pick on people at your table ;) haha!  Definitely Recommended!
1 They have gone from a variety of sauces to nothing.. I mean nothing not even plain chili sauce.   Sucks!
5 One of a few restaurants that offer Indianised Chinese food. This is as good as it gets. I came here skeptical, but left a fan. Everything we ordered was good and tasted great. The ambience is also very nice. If you have never tried this cuisine, I highly recommend that your try it here.
3 The Paneer Appetizer was amazing. Just loved it . Entree was just fine. Service was slow , Maybe we reached very close to the closing time. Ordered a Mango Mojito - which was basically Mango frutti ith a hint of Bacardi. In short wasnt worth it.  I would recommend it - as a one time visit , as it is the only Indo -Chinese restaurant around.
4 This was my first taste of Indo-Chinese food after coming to the United states, so there may be a possibility that my opinion is slightly biased. Firstly, the ambiance is definitely worth mentioning. I wasn't dining in and so cannot comment on the service, but the lady who took my order was very courteous and welcoming. They even accepted my yelp coupon and gave me a 10% discount. The food (dinner order of a starter, rice and curry) was sufficient for 2 people easily. The starter (chicken 65) was excellent. The rice too was pretty spicy and good. The chicken curry (I guess it was chilly chicken) could have been better. The pricing was definitely not cheap, but again wasn't too expensive either. So, considering I have this place less than a mile away from home, I don't think I have any complaints.
4 This place is Indo-Chinese. Very nice décor, cool atmosphere.    If you like Indian, Thai or Chinese food you will probably like this place. The food has a lot of flavor and spice to it. If you are Indian, this is like little India inside with all the clientele, so a great place to take your Indian parent who are SUPER picky.   One note, their apps are better than their entrees. I think they do dry currys the best but with wet currys they are not as good.
4 If you love spicy food..this is the place to be.... the chinese food has indian touch to it which i simply love and die for... portions are little small for the price.. but thats all i can have with so many chillies added :)... washrooms have to be worked on.. have to be cleaner..and there was NO diaper changing table..which was a discomfort
4 Loved the pan fried paneer and the hakka noodles!
4 Main Points: -Unique cuisine with a great ambiance -Offers different sauces at table to customize flavors -"Family style" servings make it good for groups  Review: Inchin offers a wide variety of fusion Indian/Chinese food, with the focus leaning more towards Chinese cuisine.  I tried a few vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes, and all were appetizing. My group particularly liked the Crispy Lamb Peking! The ambiance was very appealing, modern Asian decor, great for a date when you're tired of the same old food/restaurant choices.  The "burnt garlic chili fried rice" sounded like it would be amazing, but there wasn't really much substance to it - just lightly flavored rice with a hint of chili spice.  Also some of the entrees, though they were different sauce choices, tasted almost identical if not for the different meats selected.  However, the tables come equipped with a variety of sauces, so you can customize your meal to your taste.    Definitely give this place a try, you'll be happy you did!
