5 New place that just opened last week - very cute design, the open patio will be awesome once it cools down a bit, and they have great beer / wine specials.  Plus, the super friendly staff and sweet location to my house doesn't hurt either!  Food is great -- who doesn't love pizza made your way?? Lol.    The pizza was tasty, the salad was fresh, the cheese was delish' and all of the ingredients were very fresh.  I got the Spicy Butcher (YUM!) and the Hot Hawaiian.
5 I had passed this place numerous times while shopping at Sprout's and/or Gamestop.  Today I decided to stop in and check it out.  The restaurant features personal pizzas for all tastes.  The dough is white, wheat and gluten free with toppings ranging from mozzarella, grilled chicken, ham, bacon, pablano peppers, etc.  The price range is under $10.00.   I must say that the ingredients are fresh and high quality.  I ordered a gluten free pizza since I have a subtle reaction to gluten. It was simply delicious and filling.  The pizzas are 11" in size and come in a custom box.  If you enjoy a personal pie now and again, this is your place.  The staff is friendly and outgoing.  The restaurant has a San Francisco Bay Area feel to it.  There are charging cables for phones and electronics and LED lights above.  A gem in an otherwise over franchised neighborhood.
4 My husband and I love CRUST.. So, we knew that My Pie would be a HIT.  We tried it out last Friday.  We each ordered our own pies.  I got the Greek Pie..  OMG, the flavors were phenomenal.  Everything was SO fresh.  The patio is going to be a great area to eat and hang out once the weather gets cooler.  GOOD JOB.
3 I'd go for two stars since it says "Meh. I've experienced better," but I suppose the staff here is more deserving than that.  Pros: Again, the staff. They're really outgoing and accommodating. Also, the interesting pizza choices and toppings are pretty nice. If you want to drink, they have beers and wine.  Cons: Gotta especially say "eh" to the pizza. The woman and I went in with a buy one get one coupon, and ended up paying about $10. The pie itself is probably around 8-10 inches, but it's one of those places that has the really thinnish crust and the toppings are kinda scant for that price. I get that they're new and maybe there's some overhead being in that place or something, but I dunno. Speaking of the place/atmosphere, it's not so bad; except it's pretty small and pretty much all the seating is directly in the afternoon sun, as the storefront is all glass and they have no blinds or anything.   Anyway, back on the pizza: It wasn't really that good. Somewhere inbetween a Kashi frozen pizza and maybe Brixx or something. Also not sure what's so innovative about their "concept" that the other reviewers are talking about; pretty sure you can get pizza made however you want at any other pizza place.   All-in-all, I'm probably not going back but I won't say it's a horrible place or anything.
5 I have had the pizza here twice now and can tell you that I will *definitely* return for more!  The boxes/packaging is very clever, the ingredients are very fresh, everything is made to order right in front of you.    It is said that actions speak louder than words and this is so true!  The fact that they care about ensuring that each customer is satisfied definitely shows!    I haven't tried their gluten free however the fact that they offer gluten free gets two thumbs up from me!!!    I ordered the New Yorker both times I was there, the second time I tried their garlic knots. One word:  YUMMY!!!  Mouthgasm!    For one like me who eats one or two slices and is full, their pizza provided four meals so a definite bonus!  Delicious cold too...  Generous with sauce, which was AMAZING by the way...    Haven't tried the ice cream cups yet, perhaps next time when I try a pizza other than the New Yorker.  Now to decide which friend to bring...  Hmmm...  Decisions, decisions...    Seriously, you have GOT to check them out!  Everyone is so friendly, courteous, outgoing, helpful, and NICE (they all really seem to truly enjoy their job and it shows).    "Live long and prosper" --Spock ...........It applies here!
5 This is my new favorite pizza place! I love how I can totally customize my pizza and they even have vegan cheese! The customer service is great.  I had a pizza and also one of the salads and everything was amazing. It's right down the street from my house so I will be back for sure asap!!
5 Love it.  Great pizza, friendly staff, AND AWESOME BEER!
5 Individual size pizza, they have a few house combos or you can pick your crust and ingredients. Dough is made on the premises. They also have salads. Great chocolate chip cookies. Very friendly staff, glad to help with your order. Fast service.
5 Amazing new pizza place by PV Mall.  You point out what toppings you want (or you choose one of their specialty pizza's) and they will put the toppings on the whole thing or 1/2 or 1/3 or whatever you want.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming and bend over backwards to make sure you are happy with your experience.  The pizza cooks in about 2 minutes so it's very fast.  They also have a kids size pizza that includes a drink and apple sauce which is very reasonable.  They have WARM chocolate chip cookies all day long and they are delicious.  I highly recommend!!!
5 Choose your crust ( white, wheat or Gluten Free), sauce, cheese (dairy or dairy-free) and as many fresh toppings as you like and for $8.95. Yes please! I like this concept you cannot phone in your order but you can order to go. These are thin crust pizzas but they are tasty! Thank you My Pie for opening up near my home.
4 Delicious! Real neopolitan style pizza for a song. Very fast, too. Great concept, hope it stays around.
5 Finally, a pizza place.... myway!  You start off by choosing your bread (they even have Gluten-Free!), then you pick your sauce (very good), and then you pick ANY and ALL toppings! They put it in the oven, and after a quick 5 minutes, they bring you your tasty pizza, just the way you want it.  If you go in Hungry, it would put a serious dent in your stomach.  BRAVO!
5 Best pizza place in town!! Hands down.  You can taste the fresh taste and effort they put into making their pizza for you.  Very convenient place to order from as well.  Their staff makes you feel like a regular every time you come in too.  Things I recommend is the Spicy Butcher and my girlfriend loves the Power Pie.  Also do not forget to order the garlic knots and the mouth watering cookies.  Just had that cookie last night and its beyond words!  To give you an idea of how much I love this place.  I just signed up for Yelp just to spread the word of how great this place is! I always read yelp to see about other places so I hope this helps everyone.  GO TO MY PIE NOW!!
4 When advertised as a Crust Restaurant was not sure I was real excited about this place.  Different pizza concept where you select certain predetermined items or build your own which was the most appealing idea. Was like ordering pizza and going thru Subway sub shop. Tell them what crust you want between white, wheat or gluten free. What sauce and then start selecting what toppings you want.  They point out that their oven is at 800 degrees which explains why you pizza is ready in 10 minutes. The employees are helpful and friendly and prompt in their service. Price is around $9.00 per pizza and if you sign up for their text message specials you can get some pretty good deals. Will come back and try some other pizzas, tried the Spicey Butcher with mushrooms and olives which was good but had to take off the jalapeños after eating half
5 Tasty pizzas and great customer service!  What I like about the pizzas are that they can be customized, are thin crust (less carbs), and they are not heavily weighed down with cheese or greasy like alot of other pizzerias.  All the staff were friendly, cheery, and helpful. I will definitely return!
5 Great pizza pie's! Customized they why you want with lot of great ingredients to choose from and lots of sauces to try. They have regular crust, whole wheat and even gluten free. Must try fe those pizza lovers out there.
4 This place is pretty cool and tasty. Inside has an industrial rustic vibe with a cool patio outside when the weather permits. Two large glass garage style doors can be opened up to the patio when it's time to party.  The ingredients here are very fresh and are better than what you get when ordering delivery. They have 5 different sauces, 3 different crust types, and several different cheeses that you can select. They even have a gluten free version and some vegan options. Nice!  The pizzas are about 11" and are cooked super fast in their very hot oven. It was fun to watch them make the pizza right in front of your eyes. They will build it however you want or you can go with any of their signature pies.  Had to try one of the Spicy Butcher Pizzas while the wife went with a Margherita with fresh mozzarella. They both came out in 10 minutes or less and were brought straight to the table. The tenderness of the crust and the perfect balance of toppings made it a yummy treat and tasty good.  They also have Starters, Salads, Sweet Tooths, and cool selection of Beers and Wines. Right next to Sprout's and in the same parking lot as Out-N-In. See ya there next time. CHEERS!  4.5 STARS
4 We miss Floyd's but we also are happy a new business opened in the neighborhood.  I didn't know about this place until I got a coupon in the mail last night. So we decided to try it today.  I tried that concept a few weeks back at the Fired Pizza place and I like it. The ingredients I like in my pizza are kind of... 'eclectic', lol... and regular take out pizza is OK but not my favorite, since at home we have to please the 'masses'.  Well, some pros and cons but pretty much I would be  back, hopefully next time for a better experience.  Pros - Lots of fresh ingredientes, and they have regular, wheat (yaay!) and gluten free dough... staff is very friendly... prices are OK  Cons - The place is tiny, and with the setup they have the sitting area is even smaller than Floyd's (that was small in the first place), Friday evening they were very busy and we had to sit outside (Still sunny and hot). They didn't prepare our pizza as we ordered (not sure if they do that) they took our order and we paid and went to sit outside. It took 30 minutes! for us to get our pizza... and the bottom was very black... like burnt, for both our pizzas. : (  That said, hubby had the Spicy Butcher, he thought it was so so... I had my own combination, and it was delicious. Yes! mushrooms, black olives, kalamatta olives, feta cheese, etc... yum! other than being a little burnt, it was really good.  If my next pizza is burnt too, 3 stars it is : ( hopefully not : )
5 Very good pizza.  I did the Pizza My Way, with a whole wheat crust & a whole lot of meat!  They promised that it would be all ready in 2 mins & they made good on that promise.  It was hot, cooked just right & right tasty!  I also had an order of the meatballs which came with pizza dough.  They were great as well, although the dough that came with them was a bit overcooked, but that didn't stop me from eating it.   Would definitely go again!
4 Super good pizza from the folks who brought you CRUST. Sort of a Chipotle-like setup where you pick what you want on your pizza (crust, cheese, toppings). They cook it quickly, to order -- we went from ordering to eating in about 5-10 minutes. Nice open-air environment on a gorgeous Friday night. Bonus points for having San Tan Hop Knot IPA on draft. $4 for the first and 50% off for the 2nd. Service was just o.k., they "lost" our friends' orders, but eventually worked it out. Great place.
5 Must have the caprese! Great starter assisted with a $4 Hop Shock. The Pesto My Chicken pizza was excellent and even better I was able to wash that down with a $2 refill of IPA. Great place with nice little patio. Store is super clean and a great concept. Happy Hour all day Every day, Boo-Yah!
5 You really need try this place out if you haven't been. All fresh ingredients and the place is very clean. The staff is exceptional and now that its cooled off, you can dine on the patio and take advantage of this fantastic weather. Oh and they serve beer and wine. And the chocolate chip cookies served warm melt in your mouth!
5 Great pies!!  Love the cookies too!  Patio is a great place to hang out, with dogs, kids, whatever.  Quick service and very friendly.  They do what they can to make you feel at home.
5 Great service, friendly atmosphere, delicious casual pizza to go or to stay.  Choose your crust, sauce, cheese (be sure to add ricotta) and toppings.  The pizza literally takes 2 minutes to cook.  Wine and beer special all day....make it a great dine alone or with a friend type place!
5 Received a text for the grand opening.  50 percent off entire menu. Pizza, salad, garlic knots,  iced tea and a beer for 12.61. Great food at regular prices, even better today.
5 Make/design your own pizza pie, love the concept! Great patio and good beer choices! Good prices too!
3 Takes approximately 15 minutes for the pizza to cook. That is awesome! in my opinion. The wait isn't bad, the food is decent.  Fairly priced. I forget what pizza we got, but we had the wheat dough which was really good. We liked it a lot.  The garlic knots i would say pass on these. We just wanted to try them out. Nothing special about them at all. I would have preferred it be more garlicy.(is that a word?)
5 Love this place, it is from the same people that own Crust, so I was happy when we chose it for our last twins mom night out.  Their HH is amazing, I think I had my pizza and a beer for less that $12.  The concept is really neat.  You choose your crust, they offer white, wheat and gluten-free and then your can choose your toppings.  If you are not up to making those decisions, they have some suggestions on the board.  They also offer salads.  Tim is always so helpful with the wines or beer.  The first time I went we were a large group, so it took a bit to get all the pizzas out.  We were 20 women, we took over the patio area, Armando was also very nice helping us with refills for our drinks.  I enjoyed my experience so much that I had to bring my hubby. The weather is so beautiful right now that we couldn't resist but enjoy the patio.  He chose a wheat pizza, so I had the opportunity to taste the crust.  It was really good.  I might get it next time.  Although their regular crust is so yummy and chewy.  We'll see.
5 This place is so good! I'm usually not a big pizza person but I thought I would give the new neighborhood food stop a chance.   I got the Pesto My Chicken pizza on wheat dough and it was amazing. The crust isn't too thin and isn't too thick. My boyfriend got the Hawaiian pizza and it was really good too.   The pizzas only take two minutes to cook. Seems like as soon as we sat down on the patio our pizzas were out. The patio is also dog friendly!  They are the perfect size. I would say most guys could probably eat one alone and girls could split :)   Definitely will be regulars here!
4 First time there today to grab a pie to go. Friendly Service. Fast Service. The Pie was pretty darn good. I'll be back sometime soon. Give the place a try. I think you will like it too.
5 This is far and away my favorite lunch spot in the area. You get a delicious pizza for 2 (they call them personals but even at my hungriest 4 of 6 slices is enough) for 9 bucks, and you can put whatever you you want on it. The beer is inexpensive and tasty. And holy balls the service. When I walked in the first time, all the staff treated me like an old friend. They're great for conversation and like what they do. Today, when they brought me my pizza, they explained that the pie crust  had folded a bit when going into the over. They brought me that pie, plus a whole other pie that was up to their standard. This place is an all around excellent experience.
4 Ordered two pies to go for an impromptu lunch with friends. Pepperoni and Mushroom and the Pear Pizza. Loved them both, as did our guests. Excellent crust and quality ingredients!
4 Aaarghhh, I am not going to honor my word... let me explain. We came here for dinner again like 1.5-2 weeks ago.  I love this pizza! Well, I love my combinations that I can select : P Donald I believe is the person that took our order and made our pizzas... he is an angel, so nice and patient.  Hubby had the spicy butcher, and I had the same plus tons of vegetables (artichoke, mushroom, spinach, olives). I love it.  Daughter had some chicke pizza with ricotta cheese... it was fun to watch how they dispense the ricotta cheese in like a big syringe : )  Now, about me not honoring my word, the crust was black and burnt again : (  Hubby's was OK, mine was so so, totally black in some spots but it was not that bad, daughter's though was a little more burnt and she said a few bites tasted bad : (  I will make sure to mention next time when placing the order, see if that works : )
4 my two girlfriends and I came here on a whim after our first choice was closed (why we didn't check Yelp hours until AFTER we got there, I just don't know).  It was a great find! They make individual pizzas to your order and everything tastes great and fresh! It's a little more expensive than your typical chain pizza place but since everything is made to order, worth it.
5 I really like this place. At first I was a little confused about the concept . . . I could choose my price and select as many toppings as I wanted for one price?!  It seemed too good to be true~ just to test them I went to town and selected 5 different toppings. The good stuff too like caramelized onions, grill chicken breast, some delicious hot peppers, portobello mushroom, ham on a wheat crust and sure enough it was around $10. Unbelievable!  My son had their ham and pineapple on white crust and he loved his pie!  The serve was quick and friendly and I loved the smell of freshly baked chocolate cookies. I saw them on many people's orders~ who can resist?!  This is a great place to come for casual dinners especially for families with picky eaters. You can make your own pie, just the way you like it without breaking the bank!  As mentioned in several of the other reviews, their HH is incredible. I haven't been here during HH but I'm looking forward to giving it a try!
5 My daughter and I stopped by "My Pie" last night for a quick bite to eat.  We had never been there before but thought it was your typical pizza place  We were pleasantly surprised when we went in there to find a very friendly staff who prepared your pizza in front of you.  You could choose from a list of pizzas or make your own.  It's like "Build your own pizza".  The guy checking us out at the register was so friendly, he just chatted with my daughter and I about miscellaneous things, before we were even rung up our pizza was done.  It was so yummy.  They had such a variety of items.  My daughter and I had a pizza with chicken, bacon, and pesto sauce on it.  They offered gluten free items, they offered vegan choices.  I cannot wait to go back.  I am so glad that we "fell upon" it.
4 I adore Crust, and have been anxious to try MyPie. Ironically it is located in the old Sammy Bs location which used to be one of my favorite pizza joints back in the day. They revamped the place with a modern, hip interior. It's a little overwhelming when you first walk in, but the super friendly employees explain the process and make you feel at ease.   I ordered the Greek pizza after much deliberation. I was worried about time because I had less than 30 minutes before I had to be somewhere. But my pizza was cooked freakishly fast. Right after I payed and got my drink my pizza was brought to me.   The pizza was a very good size for a personal. I couldn't finish it. Even though I wanted too because it was deeeelish. The crust was amazing... it rivals a certain pretentious pizza spot with a 4 hour wait. Crispy with just the right amount of chew. The toppings were fresh and plentiful. My only complaint would be that I don't care for the balsamic drizzle on top... it didn't mesh well with the Greek flavors.   This place is going to be put into my rotation. It is a great place to bring anyone... a date, your kids, etc. Also great for a (very) quick lunch. Can't wait to explore more combinations!
5 Alright, so I woke up yesterday morning and my stomach was like, "Damn, Andrew, you should get a salad" and I was like, "Damn, man, I fittn for a salad". Immediately the bitter sweet thought of paradise bakery came to mind, with their impeccable southwest chicken ceasar salad + bacon + blue cheese + corn salsa. Why bitter sweet? Because their salads are so good, but so dang expensive, and I thought "Man I am not fittn to pay $10 bucks for a damn salad" - nah ming?  So I said to myself, "well let's check out what yelp has to say about salads near me". So I pull out my phone and I open up yelp and I type in salad. You wanna know what pops up #1 in salads on my yelp app? Mypie. That's right, Mypie. I'm thinking to myself "What the eff is this place? I ain't never heard of it." so I open it up and look for pictures of salads to see what it is I might be gett'n into. Sooner or later it hits me, "hey this place ain't so much a salad place as it is a pizza place." that gets me thinkin' and readin' some of the reviews and sure enough this place has a 4.5 out of 5 on yelp. I'm like daaaaaaaaaamn, this place must be gooood." So I think a litte further and I'm like, "you know, I might be down to get down on some pizza rather than a salad." So I get into my car and cruise down to that shit.  I can't find it. So I pull over into Island's restaurant parking area and am lookin' on the map and I'm right where the blue dot says i should be, but I don't see Mypie. I'm thinking, "Man, this place better still be in business, cause I am not down to go to paradise bakery and spend $10 bucks for a salad." So I give them a call, and I'm like "Yo - where you guys be?" The nice guy on the phone be like "Aight, we be dwellin in the same area as sprouts and in-n-out" and I was like, "alright, thank you." So I drive over into that area (i was kind of already in that area, but whatev) and some how I still can't find it. So I keep driving and I pull over by the cold stone creamery, and start looking around, and BOOM, the overcast clouds opened up in one spot and shined the heavenly sunlight right upon the storefront of Mypie. Man I was glad I made it. So just so you know, Mypie is a tiny ass store located a couple of stores TO THE RIGHT of gamestop. I took a picture of it and uploaded it into yelp, so you otha paradise bakery ditchers wouldn't have to trek 20 miles to find this place - I hope you press the like button on the picture - show some love.  So I walk in and am instantly impressed. The place looks cool, there's cool music playing - im pretty much instantly in a great mood. So I look at the menu for a while and I decide on the spicy pig, or whatever it's called. I go up to the counter, which btw had no line, and they're like, "what kind of crust" - I say "white", then they're like, "what kind of pizza", I say "spicy pig", then I'm like, "what kind of pizzas do you like?" and he says "spicy pig, spicy butcher, and afdaklfda" I don't remember the last one he said. As he's doin his thing, I'm thinkin "Man this pizza is look'n damn good." So I get up to pay, I pay, I get my drink, and I sit down - and boom my pizza is out and in front of me - fully cooked. I'm thinking "wtf - it's been only like 2 minutes". Yeah that's right, you're pizza takes like 2 mins to cook.  And did I say, the pizza was effin great? No joke, this is probably the best pizza place in phoenix. The pizza is around 8-10 inch, for around 8 bucks. Make sure to sign up for their discounts by texting mypie to 91944.  I guess when you taste something as sublime as Mypie, you want it for breakfast the next morning, ya figgadeal me? So I went and had that spicy butcher for breakfast this morning. Fu#$in great.  P.S. if you read my profile, you know I don't just give 5 stars to anyone. Mypie - you deserved this one.
4 I came by here last week for a one o'clock lunch and was impressed by the quality and taste of their pizza.   We've been to Crusts a bunch of times and have never made it over to their new quick individual pizza place near the PV Mall. It's actually few doors down from where the old Atomic Comics use to be.  I find MyPie is very similar in setup to Fired Pie on Northsight. http://www.yelp.com/biz/fired-pie-scottsdale#hrid:aWt21x1Kt7IlKg41opmbug  But the taste is better at MyPie in most instances and they excel -- way over the top at customer service. Crazy nice!  I went with the Margherita ($7.49) pizza (photos) with some sweet italian sausage ($1.00).  It was very good, so I ordered a regular one without sausage for home.  That pie wasn't as special as this, but overall slightly better than the one at Fired Pie.  Recently, the WSJ had an article on how Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. has quietly joined a growing group of restaurants aiming to change how we eat pizza. http://m.us.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052702304403804579264220659257040?ref=/news-lifestyle-arts-entertainment    My friends in SoCal tell me these are very similar to Pieology: "Pieology prides itself on providing the best tasting, healthiest kustom pizza in the world. Using only the freshest ingredients, Pieology provides smoking hot pizzas in under 5 minutes."    Whereas, Fired Pie says: "Fired Pie, a fast, casual, rich in flavor customizable pizza and salad made from scratch using fresh ingredients just the way you like it - all at a respectful price."  No matter!  I like My Pie slightly better than Fired Pie, but both are very good.  Expect to pay $10 to $12 for a very tasty individual wood fired pizza.  So Four Stars, and yes I am a Fan.  Enjoy!
5 Overall: 4.5/5  Food: 4.5/5 Service: 5/5 Decor: Nice decor and clean Price: Great!  Food: Power pie - My favorite! I had my doubts when ordering something that sounded like a "power bar" type of healthy tasteless thing, but this pizza proved me wrong. Generous amount of garlic and EVOO and stringy melty cheese that works very well together with toasted almonds and the tomato. The crust was a default wheat crust which turned out really crispy, maybe even more then regular white crust. Spicy butcher - Great crust with meatiness from pepperoni and sausage, though I could not taste the spiciness too much.  Customized pie - White crust with BBQ sauce, it was then loaded with a lot of meat, chicken, sausage, bacon, that's all I can remember. Topped with mushroom, caramelized onions, and other good stuff. I hate to say it, but this one disappointed me, while the meat and caramelized onions were good, I could not pick up the BBQ sauce too much, and my crust was burnt on the bottom .   Service: Great, person making out pizza was friendly and gave us a quick intro to customizing pizza to your liking. Pizza only took a few minute to cook in the 800 degree oven. On top of that, no wait!  Decor: The place was clean and you can watch the whole process as they make your pizza. The place a was a bit cramp near the entrance and the seating was squeezed too tight, but there are also outdoor seating if you like.  Price: Each pizza was about $9, and 3 pizza was enough for 4 of us though we weren't too hungry. I'd say one pizza per person would be a good portion.   Overall, I really like this place and would definitely come back again when I am in Phoenix. You just cannot beat the price and for a great crispy pie!
3 I could live off of salad and pizza. I like being able to create my own pie and salad. Their Ingredients are fresh. Taste is good. Price is right. Food is quick to come out. First time we went, pizza was perfect but this time pizza bottom was burned. So I asked for another one. The last taste I want in my mouth is the burnt taste. Ick. New one came out. Not burned. I got the Hot Hawaiian which has ham, pineapple and jalapeños. The ham was large and the cheese hasn't quite attached itself to the crust at the top so when you take a bite everything slides off.   I joined their text club. I got one saying I'd get 15% off my next order. When we got there they said it's only good for a week.  Soooo maybe the text should have an expiration date on it. Ya think?  At the end of the meal Michael came over. Not sure if he is manager or owner but he asked how everything was. When I said ok he said just ok?  I said can you accept some feedback?  He said yes so I explained about the burnt crust and everything sliding off. He listened. Didn't get defensive at all. I told him about the text issue. He said they're working on a new type of club.  I felt like someone was listening!  I was impressed with that and him. We will return.  P.S. The first picture is blurry because it was being eaten so fast it was so good. Lol!
5 My sister introduced my girlfriend and I to this place a couple months ago and it has quickly become one of our favorite spots.  We love that she can get her own pizza with Alfredo since she's tomato intolerant. I can get my own pie with pizza sauce or their awesome spicy marinara.    The staff is incredible friendly and always has a smile on their face and we have since gotten to know a few of them by name and vice versa.    The cookies are always great and warm.  The concept of picking whatever you want on your pizza for one price is so great let alone the quality being of some of the best pizza I have had.    Now for the true sign of great customer service.  We had an incident with a gift card that was purchased for someone and we spoke to the manager (I'm assuming) bailey and our favorite register guy Timothy.  They took care of the issue for us extremely fast and with a smile.    Bottom line, fantastic people, amazing pizza, great music and extremely affordable.  We hope this place stays around for many more years to come.  Thanks for being awesome guys!
1 Absolutely THE worst experience I have ever endured when eating Pizza.  I arrive Saturday 7:40 PM and had to wait 20 minutes just to be able to place our order, then 5 minutes after the order was placed we received our 3 different pies.  One Pesto, One Hawaiian and a "Perfect Pie".  All 3 had hard and cold crusts, burnt, the ingredients were not spread correctly, the pies were not cut at all, they all tasted so bad that we had to throw 9/10s of all our pies away, then we all got stomach aches afterwards!  My dad also ordered a Medium Soda - so watered down it tasted like brown water.  We will NEVER go to this place ever again - Fuck you My Pie for wasting our time and money and making us SICK!
3 We went back to have dinner again tonight so I could try more pizzas and a salad. This time I had the chicken my pesto pizza. Crust was not burned. Came out a little cold but taste was good. I also had the Going green salad which was good. My husband had the Spicy Butcher and enjoyed it.   I won't bore you readers with the other drama that went down. Going out to eat is more than the food. It's the service, attitude, food, parking and more.  I go by these rules. Rule #1: The customer is always right. Rule #2. If the customer is wrong refer to rule number #1. Suffice to say Michael again saved the day. He saw us, he came over said hi. Good to see you. Welcome back. I like this guy. And I will continue to go back and try more pizzas. And ignore the drama.
5 Mypie has the BEST gluten free pizza crust I have ever tasted. I've been gluten free for about 3.5 years and have tried tons of different pizza's, but this my friend takes the cake! It's a beautifully delicious work of art. I've tried the Hawaiian last time and it was legen...wait for it....dairy!  I have visited this place twice, and now expect to be a regular customer. This place has a wonderful vibe and ambience too! The only thing that they could use improvement on is the staff. For the most part a lot of them are wonderful, but there are a few with some not so friendly faces.    Overall, I love this place and I'm so glad to be able to call it my favorite.
5 Sooo good! I prefer the original crust, but the wheat is good also. The cookies.....what else can I say. They are warm and gooey and so chocolate-y!!! You can't go wrong with anything here!
4 Love this place. It's casual, good, fast pizza, half price refills. The best part about this place is the service and they play super fun music.
5 Great food and great concept!  I loved my meal and loved the ability to build my own pizza and have it ready in 2 mins.  I hope they open more locations!
5 Fast, friendly, funny but professional group.  Think Subway for pizza lovers.  They will build what you want right there in front of you or choose one of their combinations.  Pizza is delivered to you within 10 minutes and it is delicious!!  Crazy wicked good!!  Gluten Free crust available as well and it is by far the best gluten free crust I have tried at a restaurant.  OH!!  And they have some fantastic freshly baked chocolate chip cookies that are warm gooey and delicious.  My husband always gets one and I take a bite to kill the craving of sweets.  Geez, I love this place!!   Highly recommending you try them out as soon as possible.  You won't be sorry.
5 Great service and the pizza is super good! Must try the vegan pizza and Mr. White (for those that are dairy inclined). Make your own pizza from their ingredients, cooked in 2 minutes in their 800 degree oven. We will return again and again, it's really that good!
5 Great pizza done my way, love it! Also excellent music playing during our lunch. Fabulous....Ill be back for sure and I hope a ton of people discover this strip mall gem!
5 Mypie is really good place too eat and very cheap for the price . I would recommend this place too my family and friends
4 Does anyone know if the gluten free pizza contains egg? Their gluten free pizza is great! I like to get it a little well done.
4 Love the pizza and the service but hate that the garage doors are always open.  Tonight it was freezing and twice when we we've gone for lunch, it was like eating in wind tunnel.
3 Another new concept and this time it is one that actually works mostly. If you sign up for the text club, they will send you pizza discounts and this is when you should go get your pie. I had a $7 any pizza text and decided to give it a whirl. The thing that needs improvement is that they only have one oven and it looks like only three pizzas can fit into that said oven at once. If your pizza can't fit, it sits on the messy table (in my case only 3 minutes) and it waits and waits to enter the oven and when its busy who knows what can land on that pizza with the open air arrangement. Anyway, after the pizza my way came out, it ended up pretty good. The chicken needs some improvement and the meatballs are pork and beef combined (not a fan), but I like the fact that it is the same price for anything you throw on there. The staff is kind of young and goofy also, maybe someone who looks over 21 would give the place more respectability.
5 First visit here was amazing. Plenty of option for all type of pizza lovers. AMAZING SERVICE and can't believe how fast the food was out and how great it tasted. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
4 Deliciousness in a pizza....the MR WHITE is great! LOVE that they offer Gluten Free crust.  Now, if only the garlic knots came gluten free....I'd be in heaven. Sometimes, when they are busy, the service can suffer a little bit. But on the whole a great place.  Side note...the real genius of this place is the fact that they get you to STAND in line...freeing them up to operate in a small location....business brillance!
5 After coming to this place consistently for months now I have to pay tribute to their consistency.  My girlfriend and I come here what seems like at minimum once a week sometimes more.  The pizza is pretty much spot on every single time.  Most of the employees seem to stick around as we haven't seen much if any turn around since we started coming here which says a lot for any type of restaurant.    I am always trying to tell people about this place any chance I get.  I don't think I can ever order a pizza delivery service again because I will always compare it to MYPIE now.    One thing I would love to see them offer though would be maybe a garlic cheese bread mini pizza option or maybe a type of dessert pizza which would be awesome.  Never the less this place will be a weekly stop for about as long as they are open which I hope is a long time.
5 I am obsessed with this place...the spicy butcher is the bomb, and my wife really enjoys the caprese salad.  We have tried a few of the appetizer items but generally find that we aren't hungry enough to have any more than the hearty portioned pizza as an individual size...most days even that is more than enough food.  Also, like the 1/2 price beer refills they offer.  I haven't found a better slice within a few miles of my house so my pie has made it into my weekly rotation!
5 My husband and I love this place!!!  All of the ingredients are fresh and organic.  The staff is super friendly.  The great thing about My Pie is they don't charge you per topping, so you can build your own pie with as many toppings as you want!  My favorite is the MY Greek Pie, but we've ordered several different pizzas and they've all been delicious!!!  I highly recommend this place to everyone!!  And they have great beer and wine prices all day, every day!
4 Great pizza. Made fresh and nutso fast!  The space was clean and tasteful with a really interactive and friendly staff.  Great place for kids too with a great patio space. Also had a super tasty gluten-free crust option.  The power pie, pesto chicken, and pear-fect pie were all great.
5 Excellent service, great food! I tried the "MY Uncle Nicky" pizza, delicious; ricotta cheese on pizza is the best. Topped it off with a glass of wine; what a perfect way to end my day.
4 If you want a made to order pizza, without the wait, there is no better place to come than My Pie.  The food is fantastic, and lightning fast.  The array of options is awesome.  Every time I go there I end up getting something new and I'm never disappointed.  The atmosphere is kinda kitschy -- it looks like it used to be a Pennzoil station with the roll-up garage doors, but all in all it adds to the charm.  And you really can't beat the prices.  You get to watch them make your order right in front of you, and you can customize it in basically any way.  I recommend at least giving the gluten-free pizza a try, especially if you have never had anything gluten-free before.  It will not let you down.  Friendly staff completes the four-star review.
5 All these stars given by fellow Yelpers are well deserved for MY PIE. I've probably visited this place with different friends and family members a dozen or more times and I've never been disappointed. One price for pizza and you can become a combo wizard with just about any great topping you can think of. They offer a great gluten free crust as well that I understand is bought from a California company after an exhaustive search. The crew here is professional and extremely helpful and willing to go the extra mile to make sure you're getting the pizza you want. There is one gentleman in particular that deserves kudos. He appears to be always working and is so good with the patrons. My wife comments on it every time and hopefully the owners know what an asset he is. If you're in the area, you have to stop and grab a My Pie...it will only take you 5 minutes max and make sure to throw in a chocolate chip cookie...those are dangerously good and gooey.
5 We can't go a week without eating here. This is the bext pizza, consistently, we have ever had in AZ, and we are from the East Coast. We really missed East Coast pizza until we found My Pie. This better! My son loves the gluten free crust which they bring in from CA. My husband can eat pizza here since they have low fat cheese. The fresh garlic in extra virgin olive oil is incredible. The garlic knots are sublime.   They deserve all the success they are enjoying!  The staff is great too!
5 The spicy pizza sauce is so good. We need one of these in the west valley. Absolutely no complaints, everything tasted amazing! I couldn't even finish the little pizza I had loaded it up with so many toppings. Great price for what you get!
5 I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, and finally went there for lunch. It did not disappoint. I got the Spicy Butcher on wheat and added fire roasted peppers, and my wife made a custom pie with regular tomato sauce, pepperoni, caramelized  onions and ricotta on wheat. The pizzas were a decent size for a personal or to share between two people. The prices were reasonable, especially considering that you can add as many toppings as you want for free. My pie was quite tasty and piled high with toppings, and I especially loved the zesty spicy sauce. My wife's was also very good. We also shared a fresh baked chocolate chunk cookie and ice cream cup, and the cookie was warm and gooey. While we didn't get any drinks, the beer and wine were cheap, $4 with $2 refills. Overall, I was very impressed and will definitely go back.
4 These "build your own pizza" places are becoming some of my favorite places to go.  The space is small but laid out well and I enjoy the large patio seating they have. It gets pretty busy but the line moves quickly.    Make sure you read the menu, there are a few basic options for a cheaper price, or you can go for the make your own, load on as many toppings as you want awesome feast.   The ingredients tasted fresh and I really like the option of the wheat crust! I felt the sauce could have been a little more prominent, but overall a good pie!
5 Seriously this place rocks!  The pizza is pretty awesome, the prices are good (sign up for their reward program they have great specials), the service is really good and the restaurant is very nice.  Hello $2 refills on your beer!
5 I have been here a few times and it never disappoints. There is a phenomenal selection of options. It's quick, easy, and delicious!   The staff is by far the most friendly I have ever seen at any restaurant. They genuinely act like they want to be there.
5 My Pie is my new favorite restaurant!  The pizzas are made fresh and exactly how you want them.  You have a choice of white or wheat dough- I usually get the margarita on wheat.  So yummy!  I also have had the spinach salad and it was fantastic.  I highly recommend it!
4 Pizza with limitless options. White, wheat or gluten free crust; different sauces and cheese and countless toppings. They charge you one price for a pizza, so you can go to town with the toppings.   Salad options are a limited, but I manage. Great, weeknight dinner!  True test is the line out the door. It does take time to get through, but worth it.
5 The only place I'll go for pizza from now on.  Fast, cheap, and delicious.  The crust is bomb, and having as many toppings as you want clinches it.  The garlic knots are fantastic as well.  The pizzas are 10 inches and six slices each - great for one really hungry person.
4 I will admit that at first I thought the idea for this restaurant was kind of dumb... build your own pizza.... aren't all pizzas build your own? BUT I was wrong. The idea behind this place is build your own pizza with as many toppings as you want for the same price... I can get down with that! I built a ridiculous pizza... wheat crust, spicy sauce, fresh mozz, ricotta, tomato, pears, caramelized onions, garlic, basil, spinach, and bacon..... ohhh yaa! It was good. Also, it was huge and I ate two giant lunches from the one pizza (probably could have stretched it to 3). Further, it was 9$. You heard me, 9$! I pretty much couldn't be happier. The people who work here were friendly, helpful, and patient with me (even when adding a zillion toppings). I would definitely come back if I were in the area!   PS this place is owned by Crust.... so if you like their pizza, you'll probably like this place.
5 Awesome!!!!  One of the best values in town!
5 Heard about it from a stranger... Stopped in with the fam... So glad we did!  Got to make MY pizza and the husband and kids could get whatever they wanted since they would rather die than eat feta and spinach!  Good music... Friendly staff... And manager very attentive... Oh and your pizza is done in 2 minutes... ;) This will be a regular stop.
5 Really tasty pizza and a good price. Very quick and friendly service, you can choose to have it on wheat as well. I would come back. I would go with the " spicy butcher" pizza.
5 Been here quite a few times with my fiancé, and we have yet to be disappointed! I do wish they had some more veggie options, because I love veggies on my pizza. The employees are always very nice and attentive. A bit expensive for what you get, but still good!
5 Gourmet Pizza that doesn't disappoint.  I was sure pleasantly surprised.  I thought I'd take my kids there to pick up some pizza.  Super-friendly staff, clean, and very speedy service.  I had the "My Greek" Pizza with the artichoke hearts, lite sauce, kalamata olives, onions and more, and kids had traditional Pepperoni.  We also got garlic knots that were the best I've had, loved them.  Highly recommend that you try this, there are so many selections, if you go to pizzayourway.com you can see their menu.  Will definitely be going there again.  They have wine too!
5 I went here with a large group and was pleasantly surprised at how quick their hot pizza oven cooks up the yummy pizzas. Loved the Gluten free pizza also. Atmosphere is super cute. Love their other restaurants - Crust Pizza too!
4 We love the pesto pizza. Friendly and fast service. Small place and busy. Can get noisy if crowded. Have outsides eating available
4 This place is like the chipotle of pizza joints.  Select your crust, your toppings, and sauce, then they fire it up in an 800 degree Fahrenheit oven in TWO minutes!!  The prices are very reasonable at around $9 a pizza and you can get as many toppings as you would like!  The pizza comes out perfectly crispy!  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and gave me outstanding recommendations.  I highly recommend the whole wheat crust.   The garlic knots are pretty good too.  Also they have a club where you get items for free after so many purchases and access to promotions that they send out.  Just for signing up I got a free cup of ice cream!    If you need some pizza on the fly, this is a way better option than most pizza delivery chains in my book!!
4 Lunch hour ground zero:  Tatum and Cactus.  Pretty much whatever you want is available within 3 minutes of the epicenter of this seismic fault line of culinary delights.  This is a battleground that actually toppled a Culvers. I didn't think that was possible, it was like seeing the Statue of Liberty washed up on the shore in Planet of the Apes.  Whoa, is that what I think it is?  In other words, game on and My Pie has game.  Simple concept, walk in and order one of their specialty pizzas or have them put together a masterpiece that only you come up with.  I had the Spicy Butcher and it was a terrific pizza. Served fast and right out of the oven, made for a tasty lunch.  I overindulged a bit and in addition to scarfing the entire pizza in one sitting (I think it's big enough to share or take half home), I also devoured one of their monster chocolate chip cookies that they shamelessly and without a hint of remorse have at the counter for weak-willed, belt-expanding lost souls like me.  I sat there and literally counted the calories somewhere in the Y2K range (why indeed).  I always try to cleanse my palate with a morsel of chocolate after lunch but this took it to a new level.  I had a months worth of cleansing in one sitting, and don't think I won't want more chocolate tomorrow.  Solid four stars and I'm going back again this week.  Liked the vibe and the service was friendly and helpful, give it a shot if you enjoy great pizza.
5 Mie Pie has it all right... They love all the locals and remember you :).  Super friendly and amazing food...
