4 A new donuts shop in town!  Has drive thru window. Quality of donuts is similar to Golden Donuts on Alma School.  Glazed and blueberry cake donuts are to die for.. I gave 4 stars because I didn't try any drinks.  88c per donut.
5 Their donuts are very good and I like them more then Dunkin Donuts. Staff is friendly there and the drive-thru is nice so I don't have to get out of my car.
5 I stopped in to try the newly opened Good Donuts this morning before work. I ordered an original glazed, an apple fritter, and a large coffee. The doughnuts were very fresh and the coffee tasted great. They also give you a free "sample" doughnut of your choice. I chose a chocolate (long john) bar. The employees were very friendly.
5 So good in the morning with a cup of hot coffee.  They do a delicious glazed which is alwasys my favorite!  They also serve a blueberry cake donut which my boyfriend loves.
5 Not only are the staff friendly... the donuts are great!  This is the type of small business that will succeed !!! Right beside my gym.... is the only bad thing..for my waist line that is....
5 I will not exaggerate, these are the best donuts I have EVER had. I will go here for all my future donut purchases. I've almost tried every kind they have. I like the ones I've tried that I wouldn't normally get too, and even those knocked my socks off. If you are within even a 20 mile radius of this place, it is still worth the drive.
5 Went to Good Donuts for the second time this morning to get two dozen donuts to take to work.  The young girls behind the counter are so sweet!  I also bought a delicious Thai iced tea, so the girl even carried my donuts out to my car for me.  What service!  The donuts are so fresh and yummy, and they have a huge variety.  I will be going here instead of Dunkin Donuts, at least for donuts, from now on, and it's close to my house.  I highly recommend this place!
4 excellent donuts I was pleasantly surprised! I'll be back!
4 Should have called these AMAZING donuts instead of selling themselves short and just calling them GOOD! Here's proof... just try one of their glazed donuts. The texture is so light and airy that it simply dissolves on your tongue and whisks itself down your gullet. The closest I ever had to this kind of donut nirvana was eating a Krispy Kreme fresh off the line.  I have to dock one star for some other details they can tighten up, but trust me, the donuts deserve a five-star rating! The application of maple or chocolate on the other raised donuts is a little underwhelming. They could go heavier on that to really deliver the perfect donut sweetness. That being said, their vanilla-filled donuts are a travesty. I anticipated vanilla custard and instead got vanilla FROSTING. Can anyone, besides a five-year old with an insatiable sweet tooth, even tolerate that much sugary filling? There's a reason that birthday cakes now tend to be frosted with buttercream and not the crap sugary frosting we all used to eat in the Seventies. I guess, for some reasons, certain donut-makers have never gotten the memo. There is such a thing as too sweet!  The breakfast croissant sandwiches here are decent, although they are little more than house-made croissants plus generic sausage patty, precooked egg, and processed sliced ham. I think I would've enjoyed the ham, cheese, and jalapeno croissant that is baked together, but I wanted my all-important breakfast egg sandwich. I will state that I've had a worse breakfast sandwich at BoSa, so these were quite passable.  Now what we need in the Phoenix East Valley is a place that also, in addition to killer donuts, serves a variety of savory kolaches. These are de rigeur at donut shops in Texas, so why not Arizona? That would be better than GOOD. That would be SUPER GOOD DONUTS!
5 Family staff was very nice and attentive, greeting me as soon as I walked in. All doughnuts are $0.88 despite size or type which is as it should be. I got a blueberry cake, a sourdough, and a regular glazed and all were amazing and fresh. I don't remember having better doughnuts! I also got an iced coffee and it was perfect - I didn't have to add anything to it. Very tasty and not too much crème.  Three doughnuts and a 16oz iced coffee all for under $5. I definitely recommend this place!
5 Best donuts in Gilbert!  The service is very friendly and helpful too. Try their apple fritter - Amazing ! !
5 Awesome customer service from the owners as soon as you walk in the door. I usually buy out the jalapeno and ham croissants every sunday for my staff. Highly recommend the fragrant thai ice tea!
4 These donuts are really good. I grew up in SoCal so I do know a Good donut and these a are Good Donuts.
4 Yum yum. Soft, fluffy, delicious donuts that are sooooooooo GOOD! Their glazed ones can almost compete with Krispy Kreme's. The staff is friendly and polite. My only slight disappointments are that I wish they carried more flavors of donuts, different glazes and what not, and I wish they didn't use the prepackaged deli meats their croissants(it's very obvious). So yes, Good Donuts is good but if they fixed a few small little things they could be great!
5 Not just good, but GREAT donuts and the nicest staff and owners. Love this place!
4 The bagel was super fresh and tasty, but I wish they had more bagel options.  They just opened though, so I assume more options will be coming later.   The Boston cream was fresh and hot, but the filling was missing something, tasted a little bland compared to other great boston cream donuts.    Coffee was too watered down, but if it was stronger/bolder it would be good.  Coupons are floating around like crazy right now, keep an eye open.  Great friendly service, appears to be family owned and operated.  I'll come again.
5 Good Donuts, friendly staff, and competitive prices will have me coming back.  -Al
5 Omfg....other known name donut shops should beware. These are big fresh amazing melt in your mouth donuts. Friendly cashier. Fast service. Passed the picky test with the kids. We tried glazed. Sprinkled. Boston creme and jelly. Amazing. Much bang for your buck! If there were more stars I would give them!
5 Amaaaazing Donuts,  Sooooo fresh and fluffy.  Thai Tea and fun drinks.  Great Place.  Dunkin has enough customers.  Support Local Business and please try these donuts.  You will be happy you did.
5 Huge and fluffy donuts!  Super fresh and warm.  They also serve Thai tea and smoothies in flavors like mango, green tea, and taro. Plus croissant, bagel, and biscuit sandwiches that are reasonably priced.  They also have a drive thru.   They're open 7 days a week.  We went on a Sunday at 5pm.
5 Came here a few days ago after I took my bird to the vet down the street based off the reviews it got and my gosh they were right! This place had such amazing donuts! The staff was very nice and I was in and out quick. My only complaint would be the coffee, they should change the brand or something, maybe it wasn't fresh. All in all I would totally go again!
5 It's so hard to find mom and pop donut shops that are this good. I love BoSa, and these are pretty similar but just a hair better. The glazed donuts are melt in your mouth awesome and at great prices.
5 "Good" is too weak of a word. These donuts are freaking fantastic. They are absolutely the best donuts in AZ. My favorites are the buttermilk, which comes plain or chocolate-glazed, and the apple fritter. The fritters are just about perfect. Crisp, fried edges with gooey spiced apples inside. The buttermilk is to die for. Sweet, fluffy and so moist. The blueberry one is yummy and the sugar donut is good too. It's actually the least sweet of the bunch.  All this donut goodness will set you back less than $10/dozen. I suggest you stop in to spoil your family or coworkers.
5 I came here on a whim because I wanted something sweet. It didn't disappoint.   The service was quick and friendly and the donuts delicious. I came in thirty minutes before it closed, and surprisingly, the donuts were still soft and melted in your mouth. I had the custard filled and blueberry cake (soo good).   Also, if you like boba, the taro is creamy and boba freshly made.   I will definitely be back.   Bomb (dot) com.
5 Stop going to chains and support great, family owned local businesses. This place is awesome!
5 Best donut shop around.   Every donut i tried was amazing.  The service was awesome and so friendly.  I will not go anywhere else if I can help.  :)  the bagels were delicious too
5 Good donuts. Most of your basics. Back there frying them all morning. Asian run. Nice people.
4 It's my first check in, but our fourth time here! ^_^  It's a local mum and pop shoppe we like to frequent now the we've found donut shoppe whose doughnuts are not overly sweet.  Mornings are super busy, but service is warm and timely.   We love the old fashion sugar donuts, and their boba teas are perfect for warm and sunny day, like today.  Price is comparable to other donut shoppes in the area. But we get better service here.
5 MMMM, GOOD DONUTS...LOL They melt in your mouth and way way better than krispy cream
5 Best donuts in the east valley, hands down. I used to love Golden donuts in Chandler and then I moved to Gilbert and discovered this gem. They are heads and tails above Golden donuts. The texture of the donuts here is absolute perfection. The taste, the service, the selection. Just perfect.
5 WOW. This place is so great. Forget Krispy Kreme-- I'm coming here for my donuts from now on. It's a small mom and pop shop, and they have such a wide selection of flavors. Their croissants are super huge and look to be very flakey like the real deal, but I'll update that the next time I come in. I bought 4 dozen assorted flavors and let the sweet Asian lady choose for me. The total came down to $37.00 even with tax, she discounted a few cents and even gave me a free bag of glazed donut holes (SOO GOOD SERIOUSLY). They taste so light and fluffy and melt in your mouth. EXACTLY like Krispy Kreme, if not better. And plus? HELLO PRICE TAG. So cheap! About $8.56 for a dozen of quality goods. I see on their menu if you buy 5 dozen or more you can call and get a discount. But at their original price it already is a discount! Very good quality, a lot of my coworkers will be going here from now on too! You rock Good Donuts!  P.S. SO willing to try the fruit smoothies (esp. Taro boba) next time!! LOVE LOVE
5 Yippee!! I found a donut spot close to our home and super delicious!! This place is  called Good Donuts but could be named "BEST Donuts"! They're that good y'all!   The staff are friendly, patient, and personable - just like the donut place I grew up with in Texas. That place is called Best Donuts and are owned and run by a "mom and pop" family too!  Glazed and buttermilk are tied as my favorite donuts BUT it's the croissants that keep me coming back! Original, ham & cheese, and ham & cheese & jalapeño. Take your pick. You won't be disappointed.  I'm so glad I found this place...reminds me of home.  Now I gotta go work out to burn it all off...
5 These were so good. I had a glazed vanilla filled and my husband had an Apple fritter.  The two were $1.90, I'm assuming the apple fritter  was a good portion of that cost as they are usually more expensive. Fluffy and light with just the right amount of glaze.  I was expecting the filled donut to be filled with more of a cake frosting than a glaze but it was still really good. The place looked clean and had some tables outside. The young lady who helped us was very nice and answered all our questions. Don't forget to check in as they have a yelp deal.  The croissants looked absolutely delish, but I was after a donut.  Can't wait to try some more flavors, we will be back.  I also went in with hopes of getting what we refer to as a creamstick or a longjohn in the east which is basically a rectangle donut filled with frosting with either chocolate, vanilla or maple frosting on top.  They had the rectangle donut with chocolate just no frosting inside. Must be an eastern U.S. thing.
5 Amazing! I judge all donut places off their glazed old fashion and buttermilk and both were SO good! The glaze on them is perfect it's not too thick and absorbs just enough into the donut while still leaving the outside with that crispiness. I also got the chocolate and maple bar and both were light and fluffy.   I'm so excited to have found a good donut place as dunkin donuts and bosa just weren't cutting it. I can't wait to try the hand cheese and jalapeño croissant because they looked good too!
5 Nice location, my kids love that we always drive by and are so close. I like the Bacon, egg and cheese on a bagel. The company has recently hired all new staff and they are so friendly. Two thumbs up from me
5 The best donut place I have ever had. Totally outranks Dunkin Donuts. The people that work there are very helpful. The donuts are so airy and light, it's like eating a cloud.
5 I have a horrid horrid addiction to doughnuts it's so bad that one of these days I'm sure I will say I have tried every doughnut shop in the valley as well as phoenix included. Some day. Now I have tried a pretty decent amount of bosa's I should say and have always enjoyed them mostly the one on Arizona and ray since it's the closest. Everyone I've seen talks about how bad the service is but it's a doughnut shop and I've fried doughnuts for safeway before and second of all most of these places are owned by Cambodians (one of my friends is Cambodian and spoke to them in her dialect) or some other type of Asians. I'm half Asian and believe me when I say that Asians are not always the most friendliest so I give all doughnut places that slack because I know what worse looks like.  But what I have noticed is that good doughnuts not only has very good doughnuts with no weird after taste and exceptional customer service so it gets 5 stars from me.  I'm a total sucker for sprinkled doughnuts, old fashioned glazed, and maple bars top 3 right there and this place along with the blueberry cake are my absolute favorite and always nice that this place is on my way to work with a drive thru!! Even better! Have yet to try their Thai tea or smoothies but I'm sure they are fine or ordinary will update when i try them!
5 I moved here from LA which has a donut shop on every block and my favorite donuts on the planet are at a lil shop right by my moms place so when I moved I was bummed after trying a few places that all had lame stale donuts. Then this place opened in my area and I'm pleased to say it's delish!! Love getting the dozen with a little of everything! Sugar and the apple fritter are my tops! Also they are super clean and friendly! Check them out I'm sure you won't be disappointed!!
5 Good Donuts is awesome!!! It is so delicious! My favorite is the maple bar! It's always clean and the service is great. It's definitely better than any other donut place I have tried.
5 Uh-maze-ing. First they have a drive thru so I can order my dozen donuts in private shame. The are so fresh and good, one of the better done places around. Some sitting inside but not a ton. Reasonable prices.
5 Awesome donuts. Nice and light/not greasy, so you still feel good after eating a few. Friendly service and great prices. Favorites are apple fritter, buttermilk and maple frosted. Coffee is good too. Brought some home and my dad said it's the best apple fritter in the state and he's tried many.
5 Oh so GOOD!  :)  It was our first time in and the friendly cashier let us sample a donut of our choice to wet our whistle (Chocolate with a chocolate glaze).  Sooo tasty!  We ended up getting a half dozen including boston cream (my favorite), a regular glazed, a buttermilk bar, a chocolate dipped old fashion, a raspberry jelly, and an amazing apple fritter.  Great price, friendly service, and amazing donuts!  Now if only they weren't so close to our house.  Time to bust out ye olde' stretch pants.
5 This is my first time, try out new donuts shop in Gilbert. The donuts is super fresh and yummy. I also have turkey croissant sandwich, it was awesome. Good donuts, good food, good price, and super friendly service.  See u soon !
5 Alright so as a fan of Bosa Donuts, and seeing all the positive reviews of this place, I just had to try it.  Went along and got a dozen variety of delicious donuts.  Each donut I've had so far was just scrumptious and delightful.  Hard to compare to Bosa's right now since I don't have any of theirs, but Good Donuts is definitely amazing and well worth it.
