3 A little disappointing.  I've only had Smashburger once before. My coworkers picked me up a Sin City burger from one of the earlier Vegas locations. I remember it being a well-balanced burger and I enjoyed the experience.  Fast forward to now. They finally opened a location closer to work. I again ordered a Sin City burger. This time, I asked for the multi-grain bun. I added a side of Smash Fries. They are the same price as regular fries, but add rosemary, olive oil, and garlic to the mix.  The short of it? The fries were salty and the burger was good but not great. The bacon on the burger overwhelmed the overall flavor. It may have been compounded by the salty fries. By the end, I was thankful to be done eating.  I'm handing out the good old 3-star treatment for now. I'll definitely return to try a different burger and probably skip the fries. On the positive side, they just opened and were handling the lunch rush quite well.  On yet another positive note, my just-cleaned teeth still feel clean (thanks Floss Dental). I better floss again.
2 Nothing near the best. I still would take an In-n-Out burger over this any day. Created my own BLT burger w/ smash sauce and smash fries.  At first bite, the burger was good - maybe I was really hungry.  Anyhow, towards the end of the meal I felt like I was shovelling mounds of salt into my mouth - between the burger patty and the fries, there was just way too much salt.  Not sure if this is the taste they are going for - it's not my preference.  It was good to try, but I probably won't be back when I need a burger fix.  Two burgers and two fries w/ one drink totaled a little over $20 for me and hubby.  For the price, it is not worth it - for that price, red robin quality is what's more on par to fit that bill.  To make things more worse, I get home to see that a friend also tried this spot and had a way more worse outcome than heavy salt.....YUCK.  Dear Smashburger Employees, lighten your hand with the salt pouring and please please PLEASE wear your g-damn hairnets!!  ....makes me appreciate the cleanliness consistency of In-n-Out that much more.
4 Loved it! I'm a little late trying Smashburger but it was worth the wait. I had the Mushroom Swiss burger and it was delicious! I would say it rivaled my favorite burger from Bachi Burger. The other burger we had was the Avacado club and that wasn't as good but still tasty. The meat was juicy and everything was very fresh.   The smash fries were good just wish they gave us a little bit more. I am very pleased and want to go back and try their milkshakes!
2 Service was a 5 star  but the burgers are good too. I just find the pricing at all these burger joints a bit much. I don't have to go but that's why I haven't in over a year. In and Out Burger hands down still has the best burger quarter pound  for quarter pound and best price too. I give them my money a few times a month. So taste is good, service great especially Sheenen I hope I spelled her name right. She seemed lile she had the counter, serving and anything going on. Shes ontop of her game. I bet she's a mom, lol. Everthing being said go try it and you won't be disappointed. It just hits the wallet.
4 Yummy. My first Smashburger. I opted for the Sin City Burger. I am eating as I type, hard because this burger is messy. Messy but very good. This is a new store I believe. We had our burgers to go because it smelled like they had a sewer vent pipe problem. However, the food was great.
3 3 1/2 stars. Another new burger experience at Smashburger. I arrived b4 noon and there was a line 10 deep. I went with the bacon cheese burger regular smash and tried the smash fries which are rosemary garlic flavored with olive oil.   I must say the burger meat was quality with little to no fat and was thick unlike In & Out. The apple wood smoked bacon was yummy and overall exceptional. The fries were thin cut and also a nice change from just boring fries.   Con is the price isn't cheap and it's a fast food joint. Although I would return again and I'm looking forward to trying a Haagan Dazs shake!
3 Love their burgers! Be aware the Maryland location (near UNLV) has a different menu...one that included Truffle parmesan fries that this location sadly does not offer.  Meat is well cooked with all the best accompaniments...cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions, all on a soft egg bun. The fries are a bit on the stingy side yet I do love crispy shoestring fries...just need the portion to fall in line with "fat American" standards, lol. The onion haystacks are also good and crisp with a nice seasoning, very similar to Outback (which is located next door). Prices are slightly higher for a fast food joint, but good quality food. If you're going to binge, this is a good place to do it :)
5 I can't vouch for their burgers...but I eat the veggie burgers and chicken sandwiches and they rock. Interesting, yummy menu which includes sweet potato fries and BEER:) The service at the Las Vegas Blvd SW location is very good.
4 A new Smashburger on my side of town? Yay, I'm happy! Smashburger has some pretty high quality burgers as far as fast casual restaurants go. I was excited to finally get over there to try the place.   First off, the space is way too small for a Smashburger. I don't know why they thought they could cram one into this teeny tiny space. I would avoid coming here during popular meal times because there would be nowhere to sit. They are severely lacking in seating space and tables. Another problem is their huge windows mean more than half of the seating is made unusable when the sun is hitting them just right. You will be blinded or roasting from the solar rays. They have pull down shades but they do a poor job of blocking out the sun. The layout of the place is funky as well, with their fountain drink machine located in this weird corner, causing big bottlenecks when customers are trying to fill their drinks. (Bonus points for having Coke Zero, though).   The girl taking our orders was very slow and confused but I'm guessing this is just because the place recently opened. As always, I'll go back in a few weeks to see if they've ironed out some of the kinks. The kitchen was FAST, much faster than any other Smashburger I've ever been to. This sort of worried me and I expected my burger to taste crappy or my order to be incorrect -- but it wasn't!  My burger was exactly how I ordered it and it was good! It didn't look that tasty but it tasted great. I was very happy. Most of you know I'm a low carb eater so I love when a place doesn't blink twice when I ask for "no bread or bun." Sometimes it's too difficult for people to understand and my burger comes out on a bun anyway. Here it was SUPER EASY. In fact, the kitchen even served my burger on two slices of lettuce so I could make them into a "bun" if I wished (see my photo). I LOVED THIS! THEY EARNED AN EXTRA STAR JUST FOR THIS!  Premium add-ons like bacon and avocado will cost you $1 each. I'm totally bummed that they have removed the chili from their menu. I loved adding chili to my burger. Now it's kind of boring without it.
4 This was my first time eating at Smash Burger.  I had the regular cheeseburger and the rosemary garlic fries. All the ingredients were very fresh and the burger was good although a little on the greasy side for me. The fries were very thin but tasted good. There is a bad smell from the sewer or something that I kept smelling off and on(I think it was when people were opening the door. Kind of spoiled my appetite.
3 Not as good as the W. Lake Mead location which we frequent quite often. The restaurant itself is small. Service was a little slow, staff was not as friendly. The menu is different from non strip Smashburger's which is disappointing. The burger and and Smash fries were good. Fries were really oily but were still crisp and tasty. Even though I don't want to, I'll probably go back just because of it's convenience to home.
4 I was on my way back home to Los Angeles  and wanted something different other then your normal burger joints then came across smash burger, the name alone sounds great so I walk in and the a/c was great compared to the weather out side ,so you Automatically grab a menu then walk to the counter they have three different fries you can get and also different sauces you can choose ,the place was so clean almost new the music they had was new age and the service was great I hope they make one in LA ,I Definitely would go again you won't be disappointed ...
3 Two Words = Fresh Quality.  One of the freshest high quality burgers I have ever tasted.  1 star = Great menu. The menu has a variety of options. I thought it would be a simple menu, but I like the fact that they have more options than your average fast food burger joint. They even have 2 kinds of potatoes for their fries! Sweet! I had a bacon cheeseburger with avocado. Yum!  2 stars = Freshness. You can really taste the difference in the meat here, and it's good!  3 stars = They bring the food to you. I like that kind of service at Fast Food joints!  Lacks the 4th star because the SmashFries are super greasy! Sweet potato ones are not so greasy, and they are really filling!  Lacks the 5th star for this location because it smells really crappy outside (sewer smell) and it comes in the restaurant and ruins your whole dining experience. Yuck!
1 I asked for a egg on my burger and she said she put it on there then just stared at me. Then didn't even say thank you and throw my receipt at me. Wtf? If your in a bad mood it's not my fault. :( i might come back. Not happy right now ughhh rabecca
5 I had the sin city burger it definitely hit the spot..very simple menu and they do a great job I will be back for more
1 So gross- 2 to 3 inch hair in the burger.  Reading others reviews it's happen to others.    Makes my stomach turn.  It honestly looked pube liked... Just missing the curly Qs.
5 I Love the truffle burger, true, but the friendly fast service about 1/2 hour before closing is what really keeps me coming back.  Tried the one on Eastern in Henderson & although friendly, they repeated my togo order  back right  3 times between 2 people and typed it in correct , but it was completely wrong when i gor home , no mas on that location!
4 So excited they opened up this place near me, and next to the outlets too!  Walking in this place you can see there's a good vibe and layout. Just order at the counter and pick a table. The cashier was pretty knowledgeable about the food choices. And the food came out quickly. Pretty smooth so far.  As far as the taste of the food I got the avocada club it had Fresh avocado, applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, ranch dressing and mayo. This probably the only burger where I could actually taste the avocado! The bacon wasn't some silly paper thin bacon too, it was bacon only gods would eat. Burger was definitely a 5/5. The smash fries on the other hand....taste super bland. Just a whole bunch of unnecessary oil that give no flavoring at all.   Another plus about this place is they you can get any sauce you want for freee!!!!! WHOOOOO  P.S. Come in your birthday to get a free haagen-daz milkshake!
4 A good mix between a fast-food joint and a sit-down. You order and pay for your food up front and it's brought to you by a server. Customer service was on point, and the food was pretty good.Their sweet potato fries are delish, and the presentation of their food on wire trays is unique. So if you're at the South Premium Outlets and are looking for a good burger joint but don't want fast-food make sure you check this place out!
2 Burger construction is poor. Nice decor but the food is poorly prepared and put together.
4 My mom and I had lunch here recently after going to the nearby outlets.  I had the avocado club burger.  It was super good.  Nice fresh avocado, ranch dressing and tomato.  I did not realize it did not come with cheese so next time, it will be something I had.  I had the fried pickles as my side.  They are not on the menu anymore but you can ask for them.  They were nicely fried and good dipping sauce.  My mom had the bbq bacon burger.  She enjoyed hers.  She had onion strings as her side.  They were really good - nice a crispy with a light batter.    This location was super busy but the staff seemed to handle it well.  Cleaning off the tables frequently and apologizing for the wait for our food.  It actually was not a long wait but it was nice to be looked after.
5 I'm not a huge fan of burger joints. I've eaten probably a handful (if that) burgers in the last three years so when my sister told me she was craving a good burger, I was disappointed lol But to make her happy, I let her choose which led me here. I've heard good reviews about this place and my sister told me it's one of her top favorite burger spots in Vegas.   I liked how the place is set up. There are booths as well as high tops and the theme of the place is inviting.  I ordered the Sin City burger as well as the Smash fries. It came out fairly quickly -- they bring it to your table which has all the condiments set up for you.    The burger has smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions and haystack onions, fried egg with an Egg bun and their signature Smash sauce. I didn't get to experience the Egg bun because they ran out so I had to substitute it with a wheat bun. But nonetheless was it so good! I couldn't help stopping after every bite and telling my sister how delicious it is. And the garlic fries were also pretty good.   For two Sin City specialty burgers, two Smash fries and two fountain drinks, the price was $22 which is definitely worth it.   I can't wait to go back. No, seriously lol
3 This place is very similar to Five Guys Burgers and In and Out burger.  I think one of things I like compared to those mentioned, is the garlic oil fries.  Some people don't like the thinner fries, but I love them and especially with the garlic flavor.  The burgers are pretty big, and can be ordered as a single or double.  They have a good number of extras you can get on the burgers.  There are plenty of pre-configured burger selections, as well as an option to build your own.  Many of the standard toppings are free no matter how many of them you want, while the more elite toppings will cost you such as bacon, avacado etc.  I think the one negative is that the price is a little bit high.  For the single with garlic oil fries and a drink was just shy of $9.00.  I personally don't think that is super expensive, but I know I can get burgers from other places that are just as good for a few bucks cheaper.  The price at In and Out is usually less than $7.00 for me.  So all in all the food has been good, but the extra few dollars I have to spend makes me rate this a bit lower.
5 We ate there two days in a row and plan to go back for round three...food is amazing and the staff is even more amazing!
5 I love this place!!!! The employees are so friendly and the food is delicious!!! I Have ate there everyday since being in Vegas!!! It is going to be so sad when I leave tomorrow and I will not have a smash burger for awhile:-(   I would highly recommend SmashBurger the hamburgers are the best and all the employees are so friendly!!!!!
4 One of my fav bg spots! There are a lot of fast food bg joints around but this has great quality food. This the closest you are going to get to gourmet bgs at a fast food level. Yes, it might be a lil more pricier than most but I think it's well worth it.
1 HORRIBLE customer service! First and last time here.  First off, my boyfriend and I walked in and were the only ones in line. We waited until the girl at the register was done flirting with the dude in front of us. While we're waiting, the chick at the second register shouts 'are you guys paying cash or credit? Our card reader is broken.' Cool. Whatever. I have cash, no biggie. BUT you could have helped us when you knew we were waiting.  So, he orders a Spicy Baja and I get a Truffle Mushroom, both chicken and we sit down. We get our food and, no joke, in front of us are the THINNEST chicken breasts I've ever seen. I mean I guess they're supposed to smash the meat, but damn, gimme some meat! As she delivers the food, I ask for a side of ranch...she completely blows me off and goes to the kitchen. At this point I'm assuming she heard me and just didn't acknowledge me. Nope, nothing. Instead, she comes out and starts eating her shake behind the register. Isn't that against some rule/procedure?  My boyfriend bites into his burger and surprise surprise, his order's wrong! She brought him out a Sin City chicken and rung it up wrong even though he clearly said Spicy Baja...all because she was too busy flirting.  Usually, I would go back and argue about all of this, but it wasn't even worth the time and effort.
3 Should you order a salad at a burger joint? It's ok here. The Baja salad was large enough to be served family style over at Olive Garden. The greens were fresh, the chicken tasty, the avocado pleasing. Unfortunately, the dressing was somewhat elusive. We also had burgers and fries. The sweet potato fries were excellent.   A special mention for the young man who chased us down in the parking lot to tell us our son left his iPod behind. Give that boy a promotion.
2 Sin city burger was extremely over cooked and had a weird sauce. Smash fries were the only good part of the meal.
4 Yes, a burger is a burger and a french fry is a french fry but when you are in a hurry and you are searching for something fast and delicious all at the same time smash burger just has something special that meets that criteria every time I go there. You feel like you are at a nicer place than something like a burger king and the quality of the burgers backs that claim.   We ordered a blue cheese and truffle burger as well as the burger with an egg, bacon, and onion straws and man oh man they were both on point. Paired with the fries tossed in olive oil, garlic and rosemary you cannot go wrong.   We ordered,  ate our food and got out within 25 minutes which was perfect for the schedule we happened to be on. This is definitely a go to now whenever we are in a hurry and want to grab an amazing burger for a fair price that is not in a drive thru under some yellow hue arches..
3 Well... it's a fast food burger joint after all, so don't expect much. The ambience is nice.  Price / taste ratio is about right - you get what you pay for.
5 I wish there was one of these near Elyria, OH!!! On top of delicious burgers and fries, the customer service was far beyond what anyone might expect from a fast food joint. Seriously, I want to know who does their customer service training! AMAZING! Now, for the food... Day one: Truffle Mushroom Smashburger and Smashfries. The burger was sooooo good. Buttery bun, juicy burger, and one word for their skinny, seasoned fries - addicted! Day two: Spicy Baja Smashchicken and, of course, more fries! The burger was so good, I HAD to come back and try the chicken. Spicy was an understatement, it was HOT! Hot and delicious, and just as impressive as the burger. If I was in town a 3rd day, I would have eaten here again. Honestly, even if the food was subpar, I would have come back for the customer service. Customer service is so rare these days, and this place sets the bar high! I love it! (Oh, and free refills on fountain drinks - BONUS!)
3 I got spinach cucumber goat cheese with the smash fries the meat was burn and fries was to. Gracie but the was u making order and u getting the number u waiting in the table ur food that s nice u not waiting they bringing ur food
4 I'm not in love with this place. I'll admit this location had some pretty steep competition, with Bachi Burger being so close.  I ordered The Baja and it was good enough, just not great. It was really spicy and had pretty good flavor.  The fries are skinny and pretty good although I prefer fat fries. The weren't too crispy but they weren't soggy either.   I like that they give you sides of ketchup in 2 oz portion cups, and I asked for a side of ranch and they didn't charge me.   I think the inside decor is nice. Place seemed clean and staff was friendly. I moved them up to 4 stars because I don't think their proximity to the best burger in town should affect their rating. I just don't know how often I'll be back with Bachi and Five Guys so close.
4 I was originally going to go to Chipotle but the line was insane so I walked next door to try this place out. I had the chicken burger with Smash Fries, and they were delicious! You get a lot of bang for your buck here, I'm definitely surprised at the value I received.  There is one weird thing, they put the silverware right next to the window and not on the tables. I had to get my own silverware and napkins and that's why I won't give this place 5-stars this time around.  I will definitely be back here, as there wasn't a line at all and the food was excellent. The staff was also helpful.
4 Smashburger is my favorite fast food burger.  Solid selection of burgers, can't go wrong with an egg on the burger so I love that option. Fries are the really thin cut style which I like as well. Friendly staff, quick service and overall an awesome fast food burger
3 Burger was a little dry, maybe over cooked but cannot say for sure.   They are supposed to be freshly :smashed" balls of angus meat, never frozen.  The fries were great with the olive oil and seasonings, think "giant string potatoes".  Maybe I was expecting too much but it wasn't as good as anticipated.
1 I was here on Friday afternoon and it took over a half-hour for me to get my food.  I finally had to ask someone about my order.  The burger was salty and overly saturated with sauces and my smash fries were cold.  Not a very good first impression Smash.
