5 Todd is the best trainer! He'll work you hard but you'll get amazing results!!
1 Arrogant people! Had an appointment at 1pm and I showed up earlier, like around 12:45pm. Being earlier , Zach at the front desk asked me to have a sit and wait. I did understand that I was too early, however I was waiting and waiting while Zach kept sitting in front of his computer, literally one feet away from me, doing stuff and ignoring me. I thought at 1pm he would get up and talk to me, but he did not, he kept doing his thing on the computer and acting like I was not there. then at 1:15pm, 30 minutes later I felt being treated very poor and rude, I gave him 5 more minutes, but he still did not talked to me, even we had an appointment at 1pm!! I got up and left! ARROGANT AND RUDE! NEVER GO THERE AGAIN. ZACH IS RUDE AND ARROGANT!
4 After trying a few of the mainstream gyms out there (Gold's, Smart Gym, etc.), I decided they just weren't for me so I decided to give this place a try. I really like the owners....they give you positive reinforcement and make working out fun. The workouts really test your endurance and you will be sore in muscles you never knew you had a few days after. Their workouts change on a daily basis to keep your muscles challenged. The owners also go over an eating plan and have a really cool online program so you can track your food intake and make sure you are sticking to your eating goals. I've only been a member for a few weeks but really like it and recommend it to people looking for a fun, challenging workout!
5 What a GREAT place to workout!! After trying different gyms and camps Studiofit far exceeds others. This is the only place to get the results you truly are looking for. The workouts are challenging and change daily but you know you are achieving your goals after each workout. The trainers Todd, Leslie, and Hayden are amazing and actually care that you see results. They make things entertaining!! Highly recommended place!! Try it and talk to any of the members and you will feel the buzz and excitement from all members! Thanks Studiofit for the phenomenal results!!!
