5 I was in the store last week with my 2005 Chevy Tahoe to purchase some tires the people in the store were very friendly and gave me a great price on tires they also offered me a ride home while I waited they have earned a new customer for life
5 I came in for a set of replacement tires on my 2011 Shelby GT500. The OE tires were getting pretty worn from racing. The staff was courteous and helped me select a better tire for my vehicle, at a reasonable price. Thanks guys!
5 Wow!!! Took my Nissan in for service and i didn't think i would get it back till wed.to my surprise it was ready today thanks Tom Walter for the over the top service you have made a customer for life
5 Awesome, quick service. Staff was polite and had me in and out. They even rotated my tires and topped off all my fluids for free after doing my oil change!
1 I get to this FN place at 701am- practically the first one that walks in.  I request an oil change and the store manager says "do you have a couple of hours?" (A couple hours??) 3 hours for an oil change?? Wth?? Been here a couple times and that's the last time I return.. Worthless location- staff your location correctly...
5 Paula was just amazing! When I phoned, I told her exactly what I needed, and exactly what I was willing to pay. When I walked in she was just right on top things! We were out in 30 minutes. My car runs great... A thank you, to everyone who worked on my car.    *** The best part of my experience... The friendliness, the repair work, and just exceptional service, was done without Paula, (or the other staff), knowing that I was a Yelper. By chance, I just happened to mention it on the way out!!!  ;-)
5 Just had my oil changed on my Shelby GT500. I called ahead to see how busy they where and was told to come on down. I got there and they took my car right away and they where finished in great time! Everyone was awesome and they where complimenting me on my Shelby (always a good thing lol) great people! Great service!
5 Joey was nice and the price was very reasonable.  Plus the yelp deal made it better. Would definitely go back if needed.
5 I have been coming here for awhile. Bob is great, being a female I get a little nervous coming to these shops in fear of being ripped off...or telling me BS I don't need just to make extra money..but Bob will not try to sell you on any crap you don't need, straight to the point and straight to the problem...thank you guys! I will be a returning customer!
5 New to Nevada from California and Bob and Joey have the best customer service and make you feel very welcomed when you walk in. They also have great deals on oil changes.  Best place to bring ur car for some car servicing.
5 Great company! My boyfriend and I are new to Vegas and have been way pass due for an oil change. Bob and Joey are great! They were very welcoming and open to questions and assisting us. They also offer a good special just for simply checking in. I used to work at an oil change company back home so I'm well aware of all the schemes that the employees pull just to get you to spend more money but I must say Bob nor Joey pressured us into getting any of the services recommended, but I do appreciate them informing us of all the things the car needs to have handled. The service was quick and well worth the money spent. I think it's fair to say I'll definitely be paying them many visits in the future. They also offer up cold bottles of waters while you wait...great hospitality guys!!!!!
2 I came here at 720am trying to get my car aligned. Greeted by Bob, he told me that it'll be about an hour to get my car on the rack. I told him that I'll be back in an hour then after checking in. When I came back at 830, there's more technicians working as well as a few more customers. I walked in and another tech greeted me by name so I I'm assuming my car should be next in line. After waiting for another hour, while other cars after me being serviced, they tried to get my car on the rack but couldn't. I don't know what are those 2x4 laying around the shop for and u couldn't use a couple to get my car on the rack. A 10-15 mins alignment turned into 2-3 hours wasted of my morning.
5 Great service all around  Fast paced and very attentive to detail  Def will come back
