5 The best donuts every way thanks Bosa
4 The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars I will mention at the end of my review.  First of all, this donut shop is by FAR the BEST donuts and croissants I have EVER had!!  My kids love them and I love the ham/cheese croissant.  The croissant is warm and fresh with ham and cheese actually melted inside.  Soooo Yummy...wish I would have gotten 2 of them!  Today was their first day open....we tried going yesterday, but it wasn't open yet....Sooo the reasons for taking one of the stars away I'm sure is related to them just opening today.  We left our house at 8:30am  to go and didn't get home until 9:30am.  The drive-thru was EXTREMELY SLOW.  I had two little ones and didn't want to have to get everyone out to go in, so we waited, and waited, and waited.  It was definitely worth it, though!!   The other reason for one less star was the size of the box they are using for the half dozen donuts.  In order for them to fit all 6 donuts in the box they had to stack 4 of them against each other thus causing the frosting to stick to the other donuts.  Not a big deal, but when you have picky little kids that don't want the frosting "messed up" it can be annoying.  Again, it was definitely worth it for the great tasting donuts, though (and croissants).  You must try this place...you won't regret it!
3 New location, just opened.  We received a coupon so decided to check it out.  I actually have visited twice now.  Both times I was surprised at the limited selection of donuts.  I would think a donut shop would have more variety.  Conspicuously absent was the buttermilk bar, the chocolate frosted cake donut, or really any cake donut.  A few days ago they had some cake donuts, but today I literally got the last one.  Everything else was "raised" donuts.  Both visits I ended up with a glazed "old fashioned" donut (with the crinkled edge).  Not my first choice, but it was a good donut.  They also feature smoothies, including some flavors not common to most American shops (e.g. taro).  And you could get boba in it!  Wife and daughter really liked that.  Definitely a saving grace.  Staff was friendly, place was clean.  The donuts I had were good.  The smoothies are good.  But they need to get more variety of donuts.
2 I've now gone to this location twice and both times they have been sold out of most of their donuts and only had plain ones remaining. I've gone in the mornings both times when they should have donuts available. I know it's a new location so i'll cut them some slack but they should be ready to sell. For now I'll go to the Arizona ave and ray location and give this one some time to get ready.
5 Bosa donuts are the best! So happy to see a location close by. My only complaint right now is no matter what time of the day we go, they are out of my favorites. Perhaps it is the new location and they are in an adjustment phase as to the supply and demand?  I certainly hope they find their niche!
3 I found out about Bosa from Fox 10 News when Cory did a review there a few weeks ago.  So I thought we would try it.  We arrived around one in the afternoon on a Friday. There were 2 other people there besides the 4 of us.  Right away I found the place to look dirty, from the windows to the floors.  We were waited on at the counter by a female employee. She gave us our donuts, but when it came to the drinks we had to ask her for them.  We also ordered an sandwich and we had to wait for about 10 minutes before we received it.  As we were paying, in walked about 10 customers and the employee said what are all these people doing here.  I said they came for donuts.  Actually them came from Freddie's next door (the cups gave them away). She said she had three more hours and she was out of here.  She apparently doesn't like people. Then is the wrong career for her.   She asked for help from the back and out came a woman.  An elderly customer asked her what kind of donut she was looking at, the employee told her but the lady could not understand and so the lady said I never heard of that (it was buttermilk, and quite honestly I had a hard time understanding her myself). After we finished our donuts, which by the way were very good and they had a very good selection.  I headed to the ladies room.  Problems from one foot in the door. Dirty, no toilet paper, need I say more.  Use the restroom before you arrive and bring wipes. Not sure when I will be back.
2 Donuts are a 5.   Drive thru and wait times are horrible.   Total cluster f$&k  It should not take 25 minutes to get through a drive through  The people are nice but their process is so inefficient
5 I have been a few times now and the donuts are amazing! My favorite donut is the Crunch Donut!!! Place is super clean and staff is friendly.
4 I was here on opening day and these people worked magic that day.  They were giving away free donuts and drinks and everyone in the entire state showed up to get theirs.  The staff stayed calm and kept handing out donuts.    The donuts are good...but a few months later, the staff still seems to be struggling to get it together.
5 Best donuts in the East Valley - never disappoints! We love the buttermilk donut and the crunch! But honestly never have had a bad donut  The Boba drinks are also really great - we love the Taro :)
1 Two weekends in a row, I have gone to get donuts for my family.  One weekend when I went through the drive thru I placed my order and when I was done I asked for the lady to repeat my order back. Her answer back to me was "no." When I got home my order was incorrect and was thrown into the box. Ugh, really! Again I go the next weekend and once again my order in incorrect.  I called to complain and the lady I was talking to says "oh my god" after try to explain that im upset she then said "oh my god, all I can do is give you 10% off" I then start to tell her this is obviously not a concern to her, that my order was incorrect.  She then says "oh my god" after that I went off, on how rude she was to tell a customer "oh my god" three times, like its an inconvenience to her. So here I am, writing this review.  This is my final say: OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS ASS!! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG!
4 I love the fact this place is open 24 /7. Just went through the drive thru this evening ended up getting 18 donuts, yeah I know that's ridiculous but I had a coupon for buy a dozen & get 6 free. I ended up getting an assortment, but they do have my favorites which are the French cruller. I find it amazing that they have a wide variety of donut options even at 9 o'clock at night. I'm sure Homer Simpson would be proud of my purchase this evening. Donut drive thru = awesome in my book!
4 The staff is not particularly friendly, the place is not as clean as I would like, but the donuts are always fresh and delicious!!! I have been to Bosa in the late morning, in the late afternoon, and quite late at night -- the quality of their donuts has never disappointed me!
4 5 stars for donuts, 3 for cleanliness. The place isn't as clean as I'd like, but the donuts are my favorite. Plus the donut holes are a great price, only $.99 for a dozen. By far better than krispy kreme, both the glaze and the actual donut. I personally loved dunkin donuts boston creme, but once I tried bosa's I haven't been back.
4 So, truthfully I've been a Dunkin Donuts gal for many years. But then Bosa moved in just down the street and I tell you what, they have the very best donuts! Sure, they don't have some of the great breakfast sandwiches that Dunkin has, but their donuts are a thousand times better! Mmmmmm
5 The word "love" does not even come close to explaining how I feel about donuts. Not even close. I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur of those deep fried sugary coated pillows of goodness. So the very first time I walked into Bosa my heart skipped a beat and my breathing sped up. Glass cases filled with all of those heavenly treats just calling me with their siren songs. I ordered with the hope that they would taste as magical as they looked. Nervously I take my first bite and believe me when I tell you the clouds parted and the trumpets played. They were heavenly. I absolutely love Bosa....if you feel about donuts the same way I do give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
4 Of all the donut places, not that we frequent them often but Bosa has the best donuts, much more than Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Donuts.  We love their apple fritters, the apple crunch, regular crunch donuts, as well as the sprinklers and some strawberry thing.  The place was packed on a Sunday morning.  The drive through was packed also and we had to wait awhile.  We went inside.  Really the busyness of the place made it really chaotic, so it would have been nice if they planned the drive through thing a bit better and not go right in between the parking.  Makes it hard for cars to park.  For the food and what they offer, which is more than donuts and coffee.  They have some breakfast sandwiches and bobas, too, which we didn't get any of those.  Looked yummy though.  This was just a special treat for us, and maybe a few times a year we will go to Bosa if we want good donuts, but they are not on the healthy diet list.  The service was very good and the the people behind the counter were very friendly.
5 Bosa Donuts provides a nice throwback to the pre-corporate donut store age we now live in, rather than trying to reinvent the wheel with bizarre donut flavorings and gimmicks, they stick to the tried and true favorites and never disappoint.. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the donuts always have a genuine freshness to them; every Sunday starts out better with a dozen Bosa donuts and a cup of hot coffee.  5 Star achievement because the drive-thru is always quick moving
4 Fast service (walk-in). Lots of selection, even after the morning rush hours.  Price is a little higher than the grocery bakerys, but the product is great.
5 Very good donuts at pretty good prices.
4 Excellent apple fritters!  Ease and convenience with 24 hour drive thru. Donuts are good!  I prefer Krispy Kreme's creme filled ones though.   I've never stayed to eat, but it always looks clean.   We did a big order for CGCC Student Life last semester, and they had the donut holes ready to go when we asked!  So great job for big to go orders!
