2 The corner of Rural and Baseline has a problem with new businesses.  Each time one opens, it is either a different version of an existing establishment (Chiptole opens across the street from Q Doba, Circle K opens diagonally across the street from QuickTrip) OR the exact same establishment that semi- or un-successfully existed very close by.  In the case of this review, Barro's Pizza has opened a brand shiny new location about 3/4 of a mile east of one that just closed.  They might call it "moving", but for someone who lives nearby it's just annoying and frustrating.  So, this Barro's location is new, but the pizza still sucks.  Overly doughy, soggy in the middle despite being prepared "double well done", meat toppings tasting very frozen, sauce tasting very canned.  It's cheap and quick, and they're nice enough.  But the product rivals the Kroger store brand freezer version.  I may try their wings or subs, and I will probably regret it.  I'll update this review if I do.  Boo Barros.
5 My household loves Barro's Pizza, and this new location on Rural and Baseline is twice as big as its old location, they have more TV's for watching sports in the big room, a children's play area, video games and even a TV dedicated to kids programming. The pizza is excellent, we like to add extra sauce to our pizzas, YUM!!! It is the best in the neighborhood! (IMO)
2 While walking to my car with my pizza (mushrooms, olives, and onions), I suddenly realized that my clothes were getting wet.   I stopped walking, tipped the pizza box, and saw liquid pouring out of it onto the ground.   I went back into the restaurant, and someone took the pizza back into the kitchen.  After about a minute, a manager-type came out of the kitchen, opened the register, and started counting out some bills.   I thought: "What a classy place!  Since my clothes might have been ruined and the pizza now must obviously be subpar, he's refunding my money."   Wrong.   He was evidently just making change from the register.   Then the person who had taken the box back to the kitchen came out and handed me a boxed pizza with no explanation.   I looked at her questioningly.   She said the liquid was because of the veggies that I had ordered.   In other words, it was my fault.  We've ordered plenty of mushroom-olive-onion pizzas before, from other places and from the old Barro's, but never before have we had any amount of liquid coming out -- let alone a large amount, as in this case.   And now the pizza was in a new, un-warmed box, so it was going to be cold.     I had forgotten to order the pizza with a thin crust.   When I opened the box at home, I found that the cuts in the thick pizza dough did not go all the way through.   So in addition to having a poor, cold, dry pizza, we now had to struggle with our pizza cutter as well.  My clothes were machine-washable, but it would have been very bad if I had had a big food-liquid spill all over my car.     This experience was a poor one, and I won't be going back there.
5 I have been eating at Barros Pizza, for going on 16 years now and in that time I have yet to have had a negative experience. I started going there when they opened one by my high school. The pizza is great, the wings are some of the best around and they have a great lunch special. I highly recommend Barros to anyone looking for a great pizza and or some wings.
4 Whenever I'm at my mom's house and we have the pizza craving then it's always Barro's. Well tonight was one of those cravings.   I was pretty impressed when I walked in. I thought it looked really nice inside compared to other Barro's I've been too. Nice dark wood interior. Tile floors and lots of TV all around the dining area. No matter where you sit there's a TV to watch your favorite sport.   When you walk in, you order your pizza and wings at the counter and you get a number for your table. They had plenty of people helping at the counter. Very friendly and helpful.   We ordered a large pepperoni and sausage pizza with a medium order of wing with mild and another with BBQ. 24 wings in all. The pizza was really good. A little greasy at the bottom but we ate the whole thing. So no complaints there. The wings were really good too. The mild had a nice zing to them. Just right for my taste buds and my wife always likes the BBQ. Not spicy at all. The sauce wasn't overpowering. Just right.   Overall we really liked the pizza and wings. Gobbled it all up. Eat up and enjoy.
5 When I travel to Tempe I always stop in for a pie. The new location is great! Ample seating which can accommodate large parties!   The pizza is always fresh and the crust is fantastic! We usually keep it simple and grab a large pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni. If you are looking for a great local pizza joint you won't be disappointed.   I've heard the wings are great but we haven't tried them yet. Maybe that's what we should have for dinner :-) ...
4 Great pizza!! have gone back a few times.
2 Went here to check it out since my coworker was singing Barro's praises. Welp, it's pretty run-of-the-mill. The crust (the most important part of a pizza) is weird and kinda spongy, but otherwise comparable to any other run-of-the-mill pizza joint.   I got the Kona, which is some kind of play on a Hawaiian pizza except it has chicken instead of ham and some kind of sweet teriyaki glaze instead of red sauce. Not very good, and if I had it to do again I'd just get a traditional pizza. Still, don't think it's really worth it without a coupon or something.  The staff was nice and the atmosphere if you're dining in (I didn't) seems above average for this type of place.
4 Awesome pizza that microwaves well the next day. Try the Mega Meat pizza, you'll thank me later. Bacon, Pepperoni, ham, sausage, and meatball. The wings were okay, standard wing fare so it is acceptable, just don't expect wing explosion in your mouth.
4 Good pizza. Glad they changed locations. Would recommend.
