4 Woo-hoo!  They're open!  Now I can get my Detroit food fix in Arizona!  First thing you see when you walk in is the decor and employees are all in Detroit colors, orange and blue.  You can buy the t-shirts too I think.  The menu is pretty simple, burgers and dogs. Pita sandwiches and salads, fries, chips and drinks.  They have several flavors of Faygo soda pop for $2.25 and bags of Better Made Potato Chips.  There is no Sanders Hot Fudge or ice cream of any kind.  No desserts that I saw at all.  I ordered the regular Coney Dog, $3.95 which came with Chili and onions, an order of the hand cut French fries to split, and Faygo ("Which way diddee go!?") Root Beer.  My daughter got a Breaded Chicken Tenderloin "Hani" Pita Sandwich and also a root beer.  The minute I bit into a French fry and tasted how delicious it was, I walked up to the counter, told the guy, "I'm not sharing those so we'd better get another order!". They tasted like my Mother's homemade ones!   The Coney Dog looked a little small on first view, but I bit into the hot dog and it almost audibly popped! Scrumptious juices exuded from it.  This is no ordinary hot dog.  Warning: It's messy.    The root beer bottle was kind of tepid, not ice cold, maybe just because they had such a rush of business on Opening Day that they couldn't keep up with the demand? I took my water glass, filled with ice and poured the drink over it, solving the problem.    The owner is very nice.  He and all the employees are all from various parts of Michigan.  I'm from Livonia, suburb of Detroit, myself.  I had heard about this Grand Opening at another Detroit themed place, Sunshine Motor City Cafe, and I think it is great that we ex-Michiganders have more than one place now to go get that back-home feeling, even if it is 113° outside!
5 My dad and I were highly anticipating the opening of this place, and we were not disappointed!  I would say 4 stars for the food, and the extra star is the way they nail the Detroit nostalgia factor - they carry tons of Faygo and Better Made Chips! Yes please!  As any brand new place (they opened today) they have a few kinks to work out but the customers were pleased and the employees were enthusiastic, so consider my dad and I some of their first regulars. We can only make it back to Michigan so often, and this place will help keep us satiated in between visits.
4 Great Coneys hand cut fries on site. They have a good Greek Salad it would have been great with a few slices of pickled beets and a half of Pita.  Really enjoyed the coneys and the dogs that snap!
4 Damn good burgers, freshly-ground beef every day, damn good dogs, and Faygo. If you're missing your Coney fix, these guys are doing it right. The fries are great, the food is fast, and everyone is extremely nice, even on the crazed opening day we came in for the tail end of. Do yourself a favor and swing on by.
5 I was waiting for this a long time! Coney fixes on Christmas Eve whilst visiting family doesn't  always fit into the plans. The food is just like coney back home. Location and decor is great too. The owner is super friendly and excited to share a Detroit fave with Phoenix! Must try =)
5 Finally Detroit in AZ! Loved it!
4 Great coneys! Chili , mustard and onion - just the way I like 'em. Very friendly staff. The fries were great also. Will definitely return.
4 Move over Ted's there's a new Hot Dog institution in town! This place is the real deal for a genuine Coney Dog. Detroit Coney Grill  is seriously  a direct vortex to Detroit. My husband is from Highland Park and he couldn't stop raving about this place and how much it reminded him of home. Although this place is newly opened they already have a devout following compliments of all the Midwest implants that miss Coney Dogs. I love that the kitchen is open and you can see the employees prepare the meals freshly in front of you. They also offer freshly cut fries, burger, gyros, and salads. On good days you can even get a Faygo Pop and Better Made Chips create  an authentic Detroit experience. The restaurant itself is a little small and warm but you'll enjoy all the Detroit décor and the friendly staff. This place will absolutely be a part of my lunch time rotation!
5 BEST Coney in town!   We waited a long time for this place to open and it was worth the wait.  The staff was friendly.  The food was GREAT.  Love the fresh cut fries. You have to  LOVE A Placed that goes the distance to bring the favorites from back home to Arizona.  Everyone that came in seemed to feel the same way too!  We came all the way from Chandler and will return often......count on us as regulars! ASU students have it made since they are so close by......great value and good food FAST......
5 Best coney and cheese fries I've ever had!! Fries are made from fresh potatoes.   Excellent service!
5 AWESOME......No other Coney place will come close to Detroit Coney Grill....Everyone can say they are like Lafayette or American but they are no where close. This place tops them all. The only thing I would change is the location......Bring it North David!!!  We will see you soon....cannot wait to cater my first "coney party" with Faygo and  all.  Good Luck and we know you will be successful!
5 OMG umm umm good! Slappin as my brother would say. I have been in AZ for 4 yrs and always said that when I go back home 2 the "D" Coney Island was gone be the first place I hit up for some grub. Well I don't have to wait anymore. Thanks to the first Detroit Coney Grill here in Az. The food was sooooooooo good. I even had a chance to meet the owner. He came out and asked me and my babies how was the food. He also plans to open up more locations in the valley. Also the most thing I love is that he imports all his food from the city.
5 My fellow Michiganders, Run, don't walk.  This place nailed it on the head.  It was a simple formula that no other Coney in this state was able to do.  Take everything that people want from a Michigan Coney Island and mirror it here in the desert.  The coney dog and baby greek were spot on.  If I closed my eyes, I would think I was back in Michigan.  Kudos Detroit Coney.  This place makes me homesick.
5 This is the real deal! I won't even say this is the most authentic Coney Island in the valley, this is Detroit Coneys. The way everything tastes, looks, I'm back in the "D" every time I go there. If you're from Michigan or enjoy a good coney dog, this is the place you need to be. Make sure you grab a Faygo pop and a bag of Better Made chips on your way out!
2 Temporary fix for a Midwest staple. I've been here in Arizona for a little over 5 years . Moving from Detroit I stayed eating at a Coney Island at least one meal of the day. So when I heard of the Detroit coney grill I was very excited, an to find out that they were getting their chilli from one of the best if not oldest coneys in Detroit, made it Mir appealing. When I told my wife that there was a coney in the valley we decided to check it out. When we made if to the location I knew I was in the right place. Several people leaving the place with their Detroit tigers fitted I felt at home for a quick second. The vibe inside was nice, some photos on the wall of certain Michigan team an a few other things Detroit. So now we get to the food which is really the reason that we came. Unlike most of the other people who have given reviews I was somewhat unimpressed by the menu as well as pricing an hours. Understand this, I am Detroit in every way shape an form. I've said on many occasions that if there were a coney out here that was exactly how we have them back home you would have a winner. Although the food is nice here, it's menu is missing so much that would make this a great place to go. I don't want to just go to a spot because its reminds me somewhat of home. And I think that this is what's happening with this place. So many people from Michigan have moved out here to the valley that anytime that you hear of anything from home you want to check it out. Coneys are a 24/7 grill with sooooo much to choose from on the menu you sometimes stand at the counter trying hard to make a decision on what to get. Burgers an coney fries are nice however just a scratch of the surface. And 2 bucks for a faygo is highway robbery, especially when you can go to certain qts or circle k's an get a 20 oz for 1 buck. The guy told us that they charge that much because it cost so much to send them out here. I know some may see this as a raggin rant, however it's not. In order to stand the test of time with a business you have to look at everything your patrons are saying an try to make adjustments. If not that same thing can turn around and bite you. Hopefully this is just a start to a great establishment in the valley. I'll be back to see if anything has changed. #whatupdoe
5 Best thing to come out of Detroit since Robocop.  This new fast-casual burger and dog joint looks like it might as well be a seasoned chain, but it's a new concept in a formerly failing strip. This and the neighboring restaurant, Hummus Xpress, have resurrected this location from the dead.   The food here is fantastic. Everything seems fresh and high quality. Even though the prices are fast-food low, you're definitely getting a lot of bang for your buck. The owner is pretty nice and has a lot of experience running local restaurants. He's usually there and he is very proud (as he should be) of his place and happy to tell you all about what you're eating and how they grind their own meat for the burger patties. That's always a good sign for me - an owner and staff who give a shit about their restaurant.   I ate a double cheeseburger with bacon and avocado and paired it with some curly fries. It was one of the best burgers I've had in the Valley. If you're a big fan of In and Out Burger or Five Guys, you should really give this place a try because it's not only better, it blows those places away. You can get your burger topped with just about whatever you want, and after you order you can watch them disassemble a whole potato and toss it in some hot oil for you.   Don't be intimidated or discouraged if you see a long line out the door at lunchtime because it moves really fast, and the register is up near the door so that's gonna happen. Rumor has it that they might start offering delivery soon after lunch. Makes me wish I lived a little closer. With the kind of detail and thought that went into this concept, they might have plans to open more locations eventually - looking forward to that.
5 Finally! Detroit coneys in the desert!  This is the real deal! The chili is perfect and, my favorite, the hani was simply perfect! Thank goodness I only work 5 minutes from this place because I would be making at least a weekly trip here if not!   The opening of this restaurant might save me a couple trips a year back to the Mitten state! Woot woot!   Detroit food and drinks = A happy Michigander!
3 I guess if I were from the motor city, I would be thrilled. Tried the combo "dog" that featured a tasty, well prepared dog that went "snap" & had good flavor. The "loose meat" half of the combo was flavorless ground burger.  Chili was good, probably just like back home...so I don't know what that standard is. Fries were fresh and just like inn out(s). clean, and they do have a t.v. and some healthy offerings...salads! For 8 bucks, I actually like the Hebrew national on an egg bun for a buck on Thur. Notes at tailgate a few doors down.  I wish these guys luck & I am happy for all of the "Michiganders."
5 UNLESS you are in Michigan, you cannot get the TRUE Michigan Coney Island experience and flavored.....EXCEPT FOR DETROIT CONEY ISLAND IN TEMPE, AZ!  This place IS the real deal.....  The chili is absolutely authentic Michigan coney island recipe chili....the one you crave if you lived in Michigan and relocated....realizing they don't make it anywhere else likely they do in Michigan.  It's a state signature!    Dave and his team have brought AZ an amazing restaurant where the Greek salad,  coneys, chili, pitas and service are excellent.    If you aren't from Michigan, but want to see what the hype is about...try this place out.  It's delicious, sparkling clean, and has great service.  We have tried the other coney islands in the valley....and none of them even get close to the real deals when it comes to matching the flavor and texture of a Michigan Coney Island chili like this place does.  They make it from scratch daily.....so awesome!  We will be back!
5 If you know what real coneys should taste like this is the place to hit hands down. They have everything you would get in a coney from Detroit from faygo pop to better made chips.
5 So happy that this place opened. I'm almost embarrassed to admit how much I've missed hanis since I moved here from MI 5 years ago.  My husband and I got the hanis, chili dog and chili cheese fries with Rock & Rye obviously!  Everything was just how we remembered it to be.  Oh and BTW  to all the cheapy reviewers I could not care less if they charge $2.50 for a Faygo.  If you can't afford $2.50 then you shouldn't be going out to eat in the first place, this isn't a soup kitchen it's a restaurant if you don't want to pay the price drink water, kay?  The owner and his staff are super nice and all from MI - I would expect nothing less.  If you are from MI and miss the Coney Island staples check this place out you won't be disappointed...if you're not then try it for the first time, it's worth it.
5 Yummy! Yummy! Highly recommended.  The decor is fun and lively. The owner is friendly. I'm from Chicago so this is my first taste of a coney...delicious.
3 This place gets an extra star because the inside was so CLEAN!  Other than that we were rather unimpressed.  The food was pretty good, but the portions were all pretty small; the chili tasted great but the fresh cut fries weren't cooked enough and were pretty mushy.  I'll probably come back sometime to support a local business but I don't get the rave reviews.
4 I'm from Michigan and they definitely nailed it for me. The loose was not up to my standard, but overall was happy and excited. Can't wait to visit again to try out the other items on the menu.
5 First time here at Detroit Coney Grill. Here's my review.....  Service: 5/5 the staff is VERY friendly and accommodating, everyone went out of their way to greet us and make us feel welcomed. (:  Food: 4/5 my mom got the gyro and I got a coney no onion, and we shared fries. The hotdog really does have a great snap to it. Fries are hand cut and fresh.   Great neighborhood spot, will come back again.
5 I've been living in Phoenix for 18 years. That means I've spent 18 years having coney withdrawal. Finally, Arizona has the real deal. If you are from Detroit you have to come here. I've been here 3 times. It's been great every time. If you aren't from Detroit you should still check it out. Have a type of hot dog that is different (and better) than any dog in your life.  And rumor has it that the burgers are very good too but I cannot confirm as I haven't tried it yet.   Just one complaint: time to add MSU photos to offset those UGLY UofM photos on the walls.
4 Decent coney dogs, friendly service. Hand cut fries a bit undercooked but overall very satisfied.
4 There is a sign by the cash register.  It reads, essentially, as follows: "If you order a SODA, we'll give you a POP."  At this point I knew I was in good company.  Ordered two Detroit Coney Dogs, fresh cut fries and a Faygo Root Beer.  Pure Michigan right there.  The dogs were first class.  Meat was quality and the chili top notch.  The hefty batch of fresh cut fries made for the perfect side and, needless to say, Faygo delivered with their quality root beer.    If you're a Michigan transplant, this is the place for you.  Even if you have to travel a bit.  A taste from home is well worth it.
5 I drove 30 miles to try this place for the first time. The decor is minimal but celebrates the Motor City. I had 3 Coney Islands and Faygo Rock & Rye and Vanilla Creme Soda. Very good meal and I would highly recommend it for Phoenicians who need a taste of Motown
5 Can't tell you how long I have waited to have a Hani and a coney in AZ. Well folks the time is now. Great atmosphere, good people and food that reminds me of home. Do yourself a favor and visit Detroit Coney grill. You won't be disappointed!
5 This place is the real deal. They know what goes in a Greek salad, their gyros are $5, amazing chili cheese fries, coney dogs, loose burgers, Faygo POP, and Better Made potato chips.  I have been living "out West" for 12 years now, and have been on a mission to have a great Greek salad or gyro ever since.  I have tried a Greek salad at probably hundreds of restaurants (cheap and expensive) and they've never tasted quite right.  FINALLY! This is the Greek salad I've been craving!!!  Finally! This is the gyro I have been looking for!  My boyfriend proclaimed this the best gyro he's ever had, and I'd have to say it's at least the best I've ever had outside of Michigan.  At least.  I've also had the coney dogs and the chili cheese fries.  Of the 4 people I've brought with me on two visits, everyone was impressed.  The food is excellent, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  They know they are a new restaurant, and they want to earn your business!  Let them!  Finally, in glancing at some other reviews, don't think you can only enjoy this place if you're from Michigan.  We're just happy to have a place with the word Detroit in it, but you'll enjoy this place if you like to eat, period.  Grab a group of friends and check it out!
3 Overall the food is good but I am actually from Detroit and they're prices are not like this. I mean 3.95 for a coney? That's crazy high! The coney island my family goes to in detroit has coneys for 1.85 and on Wednesdays its 99 cent! The fries are a very small size and the last time I went, the chili cheese fries were salty. Really? Salt on fries that's gonna be under chili and cheese. And SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THE FAYGO! Their faygo is like the old time Coca-Cola bottles and their like $3. Here's a tip: faygo is at ajs fine foods and QT! Again good food, crappy hours and prices
5 Finally an AUTHENTIC Detroit CONEY restaurant in Arizona.    After I left Michigan back in 2005, I thought that I would never have this experience ever again, unless I went home to visit.  But Detroit Coney brought the actual Coney experience to me....and I couldn't be happier.  The Hani is exactly how I remember it...and the chili is the real thing!  (I may be wrong, but I think they ship it in from Detroit....)   The best part, besides the food....is that I am with all of my Michigan peeps when I am there.  There is always somebody to gossip with about Michigan....and in the end it comes to be known that we either know each other or we know the same people.  It is so much fun.  Do NOT go to any other places in AZ that claim to be a Coney Restaurant.  They aren't.  You need the Middle Eastern flair along with it, btw.  And bring your non-MI friends....they will thank you forever for it.
5 Wow best coney and loose since I was in Detroit, maybe better! Owner Dave is very nice guy! And yes I got a faygo POP!
5 Well the name of this establishment says it all for me. Detroit Coney Grill is awesome and the owner Dave is the TRUTH......wohoooo. The wife and I went here for lunch this past Monday and when I walked in I IMMEDIATELY loved the place. Dave was wearing a Detroit Lions shirt.....another staff member was wearing a Tigers Visor.....and we showed some mad love to each other over that thrilling comeback by the Lions over the Dallas Cowgirls.  Enough about that though let me talk about the food.....first of all since I don't eat red meat.....I decided to try there buffalo chicken pita. Let me tell you people it was the BEST buffalo chicken I have EVER tasted. I mean it was soooooo goood because they use Franks Hot Sauce and that makes all the difference in the world. Now for those of you who haven't spent anytime in the Midwest there are 3 things you must try if you ever visit that part of the country.  Franks Hot Sauce Better Made Potato Chips Faygo Soda Pop  They sell all of these items at the Detroit Coney Grill.....I was truly in heaven on Earth. This is establishment has been open for only a couple of months.....but I am really hoping Dave can get a spot open over here in the East Valley. So I need all of my fellow yelpers to pay Dave a visit in Tempe.....enjoy the food.....even if your not a Detroit sports fan.....LOL!!!! Then get your fannies back here on YELP and show Dave and the Detroit Coney Grill some love so we can get one here in the East Valley......wohooooo!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5 Found this original Detroit style coney island, its just like Home the best anywhere in az. It taste just like being back in detroit at the coney islands, its a must have, must go if you are from Michigan!!! Friendly owner and staff they make like your back in detroit!!
5 Best place ever! If u really like the foods, come here. If u like Detroit, come here!
5 So you're from Detroit and you want a coney. This is the only place to go.    Fresh ground beef, house made chili... That oh-so-important snap of the dog.  It's all here.     It's worth the drive, no doubt about it. We will gladly make the drive from east Mesa again and again!    Oh, glass bottle Faygo and Better Made chips are icing on the cake.  You interested be disappointed!
5 I just want to say first time tonight and the food was awesome!! Sure did miss faygo pop so nice treat to be able to get that.we drove from mesa to try the detroit coney that we have been craving kudos to you!!
5 Growing up in Detroit's I would go to a Coney Island a few times a month. Having lived in Arizona for 20 years I've never been able to find an authentic Coney Island hot dog until yesterday. Both my wife and I said after taking our first few bites this is exactly how I remember it. Hot dog, the chili, the atmosphere it's like being in downtown Detroit all over again
5 AMAZING!!! I love this place! Great food,great people,great experience! I love the food here, it reminds me of home so much! The workers here are so courteous and offer a very warm welcoming. Of course the food is great and you get a lot for your money that's for sure! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
5 I work very close to Detroit Coney Grill.  When driving to find a place to eat one day on my lunch I saw the sign that DCG was opening soon (I even went up to the window to see how far along the construction was to gauge to timing).  I waited with anticipation and the day finally arrived.  I took some of my co-workers with me because they did not even know what a coney was.  Being from the Detroit area myself, I had come to appreciate the finer things in life, such as a true Detroit-style coney.  Needless to say my co-workers were very impressed and simply loved my little slice of home.  DCG not only serves the authentic Detroit Coney experience with the hot dog/coney and hand cut fries, but you can also feast on Better Made chips and wash it down with "real sugar cane" Faygo POP. Great food and staff make eating at Detroit Coney Grill the highlight of my work week.  Thank you to the owner who finally stepped up and brought a "real coney" to Arizona.
5 If you are from Detroit, you don't really need the reviews.  Just go.  It's the real deal.  I've been here since 1996, don't really care to go back to Detroit but there are some things I miss.  Well, there is one thing I don't miss anymore because I don't have to. WOW!  Detroit Coney Grill has done what so many others have tried and failed so miserably at.  Even the other so called "Coney" places in town that are open currently...not even close. Not even in the same ball park.  It's like comparing food from Ram's Horn to Machus Red Fox.  Detroit Coney Grill is that much better than the others. Faygo Rock & Rye was like the sweet nectar of the gods.  I might become an addict.  Forgotten how a good pop can be!    I'm out in East Mesa; Ellsworth & Baseline. I sure wish there was one out this way, but I'll drive to Tempe with no complaints for this.   GO WINGS!!!!!!
5 Exactly like the Detroit experience! Enjoyed the food and excited about the restaurant being in Tempe!
5 One word....LEGIT!!!! Being a Detroit native I had my doubts about how "authentic" this place would be. However it tasted, looked and smelled like home :) This place is the only place that has authentic Detroit style coneys in the Phoenix area. Other places in the area advertise Detroit style coneys but don't even come close (many use hormel chili and skinless hot dogs....yuck)!!! This place is the real deal and even get their products shipped in from Detroit!! The owner is a super nice guy and came out and talked to us for a few minutes! So if you're looking for a REAL Detroit style coney look no further this place is the real deal!!!
4 First the quality of the dog was pretty good...probably one of the best I've come across recently.  The chili was ok...not great, not bad.  Like many places that cook fresh cut fries they're just a tad underdone.  There's a right way to do it (pre cook and then a final cook) and the not right way...this place like most others opt for the not right way.  Ordered the fries as chili cheese fries.  The cheese was that cheese like substance that you get at the movies...not good.  Overall good, but improvements are in order.  With all of the above I'd still go back, albeit no fries.  UPDATE 12/5/13 -- I've been told that there are different cheese selections for the chili cheese fries other that the liquid type (shredded and sliced).  That information makes a big difference (in my mind) in the quality of chili cheese fries.  That piece of information warrants an upgrade from a 3 star to a 4 star (they were on the border before, but help doesn't go in half point increments).
5 I have tried almost everything on the Menu and I have not been disappointed.  I never visited the state of Michigan, but if this store comes close to the taste the state has to offer, I might have to pay me a visit up there.
5 This place is awesome! Not only do they check in on you to see how you like your food but also engaged in conversation about Detroit. So my mom, my boyfriend and I went here after we saw it when we went to Hummus Express (which is also great). My mom got the coney combo and Cajun fries (says they are really spicy just to warn ya), I got the loose burger which is a burger that's kinda in the witness protection program as a hot dog and it was super juicy and delicious. My boyfriend got the quad burger which he polished off pretty easily without complaint (picture included in my check in) he was so happy that he got to build it himself basically.
5 This place is the real deal for coneys.  Best in AZ and in a blind taste test I bet you'd have trouble telling which chili was "made in Detroit" and which was made in Tempe.  Even better they do not short you on the chili.  They provide enough to where it overflows just a little bit with each bite.  Additionally, they also give an ample amount of chili on the chili fries so that you don't have all the ones on the bottom without chili.    My only complaint, if you can even call it that, were the fries themselve were not exactly like you'd get at a coney in Detroit.  This is not to say they are not good...because they are very tasty...they are just different.
5 Delicious, cheap, friendly.  You obviously don't have to be from Detroit to enjoy it, but if you are, there's definitely a sense of nostalgia.  Highly recommended.
5 Yay Detroit Coney Grill listens to their customers! Sliced beets on the Greek Salads! Great service great food!!!
5 Found Detroit Coney while attending an offsite training in Tempe. Amazing food and management!!  We need one in North Scottsdale, specifically by Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101 :)
5 My god why did it take me so long to find this place? With all the flavors of Detroit this is just like being back home. I love it! Stopped and got a Coney after I had already eaten because there was no way that I was going to let this opportunity pass me by. I ordered a coney and a Faygo rock-n-rye. It tasted just like I had ordered from duly's on w Vernor and junction. A true taste of Detroit indeed. Definitely going back for more. It's a must for true Detroiters wanting that true Detroit taste. The best part was meeting the owner and finding your he knew my neighborhood in southwest Detroit. I will be supporting this spot for years to come!
5 Great Detroit Coney. They have vernors, faygo, better made chips, home away from home. Its worth the drive. Chilli dogs are the best.
5 Now that I can get an authentic Hani in Arizona, there may not be any reason to visit Michigan!  Tastes just like the real deal!   And LOVE the decor! Really makes you feel at "home."  Hope you open a location in Scottsdale soon!
5 Of course, Detroit Coney Grill has now become the Go To place for ex pat Detroiter's who live in the Phoenix area, Detroiter's who are here on vacation or business, and Arizonans who want to enjoy this original taste from Detroit.  Af t first, we we went for the Coney Dogs and fries that have that taste of back home.  So great!  Now , we've tried the Burgers  and they taste very similar to Greene's, Hunter House.  PLUS they have Faygo and Mexican Coke!  OMG!  The dilemma has become which to order so we order both the coneys and the burgers.  Keep up the great work David Najor and crew.  We ate there for lunch recently.  Couldn't be happier you are here.
5 THIS IS THE ONLY LEGIT CONEY ISLAND RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA!!!!!!!!!! THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!!   There are so many fradulent  "coney islands" around town, and it was getting very annoying going to so many and being let down.   This place is truly authentic! The Coney Dogs come just how they should, with amazing chilli, loaded with onion and mustard, and most importantly...NO KETCHUP ON THE CONEY DOG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol. Love them, reminds me of home, any time I have a coney dog craving I go here.  Definitely a part of DETROIT'S FINEST!  they need to open more locations, especially in MARICOPA!!!!!! ;)
5 Thank you for bringing a real coney dog to AZ!!! I feel like I am at home! Love all the articles about Detroit and the map where we can pin where we are from! The dogs are great because he gets them shipped from home. Will be back very soon! I hope they can bring one to Maricopa!
5 We just heard about this Detroit-style restaurant, so  we drove from N. Scottsdale to try it out.  We are glad we did. We had the coney's and the burger.  Both were delicious! They use the chili made in Detroit and even stay true to the experience and serve Faygo pop and Better Made chips! It has to be expensive to ship these products here, but it is key to making this place authentic, nostalgic and true to the food! This one should be on your list of places to eat!
5 First time was a great experience. The staff is super friendly and the food is mouth watering. I'm planning my next work lunch here for sure.
5 Awesome...a taste of back home...been out here 28 years....now we need one in Tucson...Go Wildcats
5 Friendly service and great food. Just like Detroit Coney. Love that you guys sell Faygo Rock n' Rye. We will definitely be back soon.
5 Very good. I got the coney dog without onions and I really liked it. The hotdog has a good snap. The owner is very nice and there is a 10% check in on Yelp which is awesome.
5 Awesome awesome place. My husband found it with his coworkers and literally went 3 days straight. I had a cheeseburger and chili cheese fries. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The meat is ground fresh daily. The owner is really cool and all the staff is nice. We love it and will definitely be one of our go to places
5 I had the coney dog...it was delish!! The only mistake I made was getting it to go, next time I'll eat there.
5 Make sure to get a Fargo or a Vernors.
5 Welcome home! Legit Detroit style coney with damn good chilli, hani's, faygo and better made chips! Feels just like home except the coneys aren't 99 cents and they close at 7pm. Eat here, its worth EVERY penny! Fast, friendly and most importantly BOMB.COM. I seriously cannot believe how good the chilli cheese fries are... and they're not stingy with serving size :)
5 Have spent over 9 years looking for A good Detroit style Coney Hot Dog in Arizona, and here it is. Great Chili but the Hot Dog lacked the snap i'm used to. Still A 10 in my book.
5 This is the best place    I am from Detroit so it's great to have a place that I can go to when I need some comfort food from the motor city!!   Love the coney dog!!  and faygo... I have sent most of my friends by to get a coney!!!
5 I moved to Arizona about two years ago from Michigan and every time I would visit home I had to go to a Coney Island to get my fix... Now it's not as necessary since we finally have one here!!! And let me tell you, it's the real deal. We met the owner our first visit; he's an awesome guy from Michigan with a real love for what he does. He imports the coney dogs straight from Detroit, along with Faygo & Better Made chips!  I got the Hani, which I usually get in Michigan, and it tasted exactly the same!!!! I can't tell you how happy I was! I've been to restaurants who try to mock the Hani or imitate it slightly... It's always a let down. But the Hani at Detroit Coney Grill: LEGIT!! I overheard the guy at the table next to me (also a fellow Michigander) say how awesome the coney dogs are too. How could they not be, though? They're straight from the D!!! I plan on trying everything on the menu and I plan on being extremely satisfied with it all as well. ;) The atmosphere is fun & filled with Detroit pride. It's also very clean! There were tons of Michigan people there too, which is always fun to talk to fellow Michiganders with that Midwest, humble mentality. The service was great - everyone who works there is super nice!! Quick too! The owner was chatting with us for a while when we were there which was really nice. You can tell he just wants to see his customers happy. It's nice to finally have a little piece of Michigan here in Arizona! I can't wait to come back!!! I'm bringing all my friends too, to show them Michigan knows what's up when it comes to good food! :)
5 Great burgers and cheese steaks.  We go about once a week for lunch.
5 If you've experienced A Detroit coney, you would understand. Arizona has needed a real coney for a long long time. The dogs are shipped from Michigan and they serve a mean hani.   The owner is great and makes sure everyone has a good experience there. I would highly recommend this place anyone and everyone, especially if you're from Michigan.
5 Stopped in for a burger. It was tasty, fast, and juicy, just like I like it! Fresh cut fries and a soda, around $7 and worth that. Staff extremely nice and encouraged feedback. Working nearby,  I will def be back for lunch another time! Also in the same strip mall as SubFactory which is my all time favorite lunch spot so this makes it perfect for me and my coworkers. Also, check in on yelp and get a discount!
5 I've been here at least 10 times now.  I try to bring someone new every time.  CONSISTENTLY, this food is excellent.  What blows my mind more than anything else about Detroit Coney is the staff.  From the big chief to the crew that cooks the food.  Everyone is wonderful and treats you like family.  I've never felt that an employee feels like an "employee" I think they feel like they are part of something bigger.  As a business owner myself, I try to make my employees feel the same way.  They are bigger than just one of my employees, they are part of this business.......    The man in charge treats everyone like he's known them for years.  Whether he genuinely remembers me and my family when we walk in those doors, he sure makes us feel like we're a long distant family member that he hasn't seen in years.  It feels good to walk into an establishment and get that kind of attention.  He's upfront, honest and OPEN to any and all suggestions.  He wants nothing more than the spirit of Michigan to creep into this desert town.  As for naysayers who may bitch that this establishment isn't the real deal, that it doesn't serve breakfast, that the prices are higher here than in Michigan.... use some common sense!  It's a small place.  All roads that lead to Phoenix have signs that say "steep grades"  To a truck driver, that means higher price of delivery.  To a business owner, that means, cost of goods go up.  Ever wonder why huge bands NEVER play Arizona?  This restaurant is practically importing 50% of it's menu to give his customers the food they are unable to get ANYWHERE else in this state.  It's going to cost more.  As a business owner, I wrap my brain around their price on goods and salary vs profit.    Detroit Coney Grill I would imagine is just a stepping stone to a bigger picture.  Something tells me one day Arizona will get the full blown Coney it deserves and it's all thanks to Detroit Coney Grill.  If I was a millionaire, I'd beg DCG to let me invest.
5 Man, This is the real deal.  I discovered this last night and then took my entire office out for lunch there today.  These are the REAL hot dogs!  I grew up eating these things.  The owner is super energetic and friendly.  The fries were outstanding, but for me?  A Coney Dog is a taste of "Michigan Soul Food" and DCG has it.  If you grew up in South East Michigan you will want to get in your car and head over there now.  I can't believe I am so lucky that this is right down the street from where I work.
5 Food is great, Customer Service is just as great... glad I found the spot... Props to you fellaz...
5 Great dogs just like back home. Great people always in the house. Great owner always willing to go above and beyond to make his customers happy
5 Man...This place is a block from my office and I never knew it. I got the Detroit Coney combo. Loose ground beef,  chili, dog, mustard and onions. It was so good. And the fries were amazing.  For $7.77 (after yelp discount) it was a great deal.
5 This is probably the only good thing about Detroit.  No wonder these owners moved to Arizona.  Detroit bashing aside--this place is top notch.  You can even get beets with your burger.  I know it sounds wild, but it tastes more amazing than it sounds.
5 The second time was even better!! I had their fries in addition to my coney dog and will definitely be back for a third time. The owner is extremely nice, the service is great and the food is incredibly tasty.
5 Love eating here!  We grew up in the suburbs of Detroit and miss our Hani's from National.  We've been waiting a long time for someone to come out here and open a restaurant like this!  Excellent service and good food, what more can you ask for!  Hope to see them closer to my home in Chandler/Gilbert in the future!  Now all we need to do is find a good pizza place to replace Buddy's/Loui'.
5 This place was awesome! The food was fanatic, the service was amazing, the atmosphere is fun and I totally can't wait to come back. Open up a place in central Phoenix! The staff were super friendly and the price is really good for the amount of food you get!
4 This place has really good food and really good prices. Good amount of food for the money always prepared fresh to order. They have a loose burger which is really good recommend trying
5 Since my original review, I have returned to Detroit Coney Grill several times---(I'd go more often if it was closer!).  It is excellent every time---and the owner is as kind and friendly as can be.  We LOVE our "local coney island" and are SO glad they're here.   We tried the burger today--it was awesome!  Our favorite "standbys" of coney dogs and chili fries were also awesome, as always.  We'll be loyal fans forever---and are grateful that our favorite flavors from Michigan are here in Tempe!  The chili here is one for the record books---and is exactly how it tastes back home!  Well done, Detroit Coney Grill!
4 What is a "Coney Dog?", you ask.  "Definitely not a chili dog" is what has been told to me.  A real Michigan Coney Dog has an all-beef casing hot dog grilled to perfection and placed in a steamed bun.  This hot dog is topped with, and this is where it gets the distinction from a chili dog, an all meat chili, onions and mustard.    Since I LOVE to try the most I can in one order... I ordered a "Combo Coney Dog".  This is the Coney dog I described above (I got my onions grilled) with "Loose" meat on top of the hot dog.  What's "loose meat"?  Well, that's just grilled ground beef crumbled up...  They put the loose meat on top of the hot dog and then put the all meat chili on top of that.  Just dang delicious.  I really liked the taste of the hot dog itself.   Not to be out done by the hot dog, the fries here are fantastic.  I litterally watched the chef cut the potato and put the curly fries in the fryer.  The fries are just that fresh.  Oh, by the way, they grind their own meat daily for their hamburgers.  I stopped in Coney Grill to have a Faygo pop and to try the hot dog.  I grew up drinking Faygo pops when I was a kid.  Grape being my favorite flavor.  Detroit Coney Grill has Faygo pops in the bottle.  There is something about the taste of a soda out of a bottle that makes it taste 1000 times better.  I savored every cold, sweet sip.  I like this place.  I'm going back.  I'm taking some of my ex-Detroit family when they come in town.  Yummy.  This place is great!  Get there early, they close a little bit early.
5 First time here burger, fries and orange Faygo were great and the staff was friendly.
5 This place is great!  Excellent service, excellent atmosphere and more than anything else, the food is excellent.  Having grown up in the Detroit area, I know about Coney Islands all too well.  This food is authentic and right up there with the classic Coney Islands in Detroit.  We will definitely be back.  I cannot wait til the now location is open as it is closer to me in North Phoenix. I am so glad that they also carry Vernors, Faygo and Better Made chips!
5 I live in Chandler, Az.  My fiance has been raving about this hot dog joint for months now. Finally he took me here earlier this week.  First thing I noticed is how friendly and upbeat the guys are that work here. (Owner perhaps, super nice. Even came by our table to make sure everything was to our liking) I ordered a double cheeseburger and my guy had a Detroit coney combo. Man, they were both awesome! I loved the crunch the dog had and also the chili was amazing! The burger was delicious too! We will definitely be coming back. Hopefully they can open a new joint up in the Chandler area. Enjoy!
5 When i found this place i couldnt believe my eyes! REAL coney dogs right in Tempe. They got Faygo pop, bettermade chips, and that Detroit personality that i love and miss. Ill be back here again and again
5 Absolutely excellent the owner was awesome the food was just like home A++++++   definitely will be back. Had My usual 2 coneys chilly cheese frys. The food was perfect haven't left yet can't wait to come back.
4 I stopped in on a recommendation from a colleague, I generally love finding the small "out of the way" places because the staff tend to be loving their work, and it usually shines through in the food.    Detriot Coney Grill easily lives up to the ideal, the gentleman at the counter was talkative and friendly, food was exactly what I expected.   And dont be afraid when you see that the burgers start at a double, the patties are on the thinner side so a double comes in just about right.
4 I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was welcoming as soon as I stepped thru the door. The owner David greeted me with a smile and a push pin to put on a map of Detroit to say where I was from. I ordered a faygo red, two bags of better made red hot chips cause there is no other chips like them. A coney dog with grilled onions and chilli chesse fries. The coney dog was good but not over flowing as you would get back home where it was mandatory to eat your coney dog with a fork. I was able to pick up my dog and eat it with it Going all over my fingers, which is a part of a great coney dog. I do want to try the curly fries that they make right in front of you and maybe a burger.  I do have to say that I had walked by a guy eating a double burger and the look on his face was that of pure bliss. The owner David casually walked among his customers and I casually ask for a picture. He did not hesitate in obligeing me. We went outside and took a pic in front of his eatery's logo. Overall, absolutely a place to go eat. Ground meat is made right there and looked delicious.  I was ok with my coney dog and chilli chesse fries but in think I was more jazzed about having a faygo red. Even as I was walking out the door I got a I really hope you enjoyed the food. Great atmosphere.  Next to try burger and red hot fries.
5 Top notch food and service..wife and I drove from uptown and well worth the effort! Will definitely be back!!
5 Every time I go back home to Michigan I make it a point to only get food that I can only get in Michigan. It's still weird not to have Coney Island on that list but I'm definitely not complaining! Plus, the owner is SUPER nice!! I hope he opens more around the valley since I'm in central Phx. Plus, ASU downtown (where the cool kids go) would totally eat it up! Rush hour traffic pretty much stops me from going M-F, so that really only leaves Sat:( I could probably eat chili cheese fries everyday. Let's be honest, as a teen I totally did;)  And to the few people on here complaining about the prices, seriously??? We go here with my other friends from Michigan and the 4 of us for $24. Pretty cheap for such deliciousness!
5 If you are from Michigan and you are trying to get your Coney fix, this place is exactly what you are looking for. I lived in Michigan for a year and had my share of Coney's and Detroit Coney Island hits the spot. I live in North Phoenix and make it a point to drive into Tempe once a month to get my Coney.   The owner is super nice and his staff shows excellent customer service. I can only hope that he opens a store closer to camelback and central so I don't have to travel so far to grab a Coney;)
5 Moved to Chandler, AZ from the Detroit area a few years ago. Found this place through a friend. All I can say is Awesome! Real Detroit style Coneys, homemade fries, Better Made potato chips, and Faygo. The even hade a couple flavors of Towne Club. I have been dying for coneys for the past few years. This place is incredible. Hopefully they open one closer to Chandler but Tempe isn't too far. Definitely going back!
5 You haven't had a Coney until you've had a Detroit Coney!  FINALLY Arizona has a great hot dog place! Every time I go home to MI I have to go get a Coney (or two) so I can have my fix. Now I can get it right here... with a Faygo Rock and Rye to boot! Perfection! If you haven't been here yet... GO!!!!
5 Went here on a recommendation plus awesome yelp reviews, and we didn't regret it. Good food done right, with a friendly and passionate staff made for a great experience. This is what a burger stand should be. We'll be back. For sure.
5 From the second you walk in you feel like family. The owner knows everyone who has been in before, even if its been a few months. The best hot dogs in town and damn good messy burgers too! Honestly just wish they had one in Mesa. But the drive is worth it for those perfect hot dogs with a snap! You can always tell the good places by the line out the door during lunch hour. But dont let the line scare you, they'll get your order out quick and it's still worth the wait.
5 Awesome! Great food, friendly service, quality products. I love this place & I'll be back & refer it to my friends! Love the chili coney & Faygo soda. Fries are delicious and made fresh. Try it & you won't regret it!!!!
5 if you are from the Detroit area you will feel right at home at this little piece of heaven!!  Just had their Coney and a bottle of Vernors! Talk about their is 'no place like home!'  I have had some 'coneys' here in the west and they usually miss on the 'dog' not Detroit Coney Grill  they appear to have the natural skin casings  that give you that 'snap' when you bite into them, fresh onions, great coney sauce  everything that is great about Detroit you will find here!!  I plan to be back soon and try their burgers they look great as well.  And did I mention FAYGO?!?!  in the bottle  nothing like Faygo!!  great spot  hope they expand to the westside soon!!
5 I love this place. Reminds me of Coney Islands from home in Detroit. The staff here is amazing and friendly. Feel like your home here!
5 Another fabulous lunch at Detroit Coney!  Hoping someday we will be able to eat at one in Scottsdale!   Adore this place....and it is absolutely the REAL DEAL!!  The chili is wicked good and absolutely authentic!!!
5 Sally Z Greatest Coney I have ever had - Faygo pop was amazing and the French Frys were awesome!
4 Great Coney's.  Something about the hot dogs themselves they have a great "snap" to them.  Had the cheese fries too, they did not dissapoint.
5 Anybody who knows what a Detroit Coney Dog tastes likes... needs to check this place out. I've been out here for years and now for finally found the right place. David (owner) welcomes all as family. A little slice of home... here in the valley!
3 The coney dogs here are decent, the buns are simple store bought ones so nothing special, the chili is pretty good though. The fries were pretty disappointing, they are fresh and hand cut but greasy and soft. I guess if you grew up near Detroit I can see this place's appeal but there are plenty of other dog joints in Phoenix that do it better, this place isn't even the best dog in Tempe. Stick to Ted's or Dave's or even Lobby's if you like Chicago style.
5 Wow, I stumbled across this place here on Yelp with its 85 out 105 Reviews at 5 Stars!?  How can you skip trying a place like THAT??  So I whipped over here today, joined by Jackie C. & Mike C. & went with a Detroit Coney Combo, which is a Detroit Coney chili dog plus ground beef added to the chili, and a regular order of fries.  The hot dog and especially the fries were great!  Like In-N-Out, they don't blanch the potatoes but rather cook them all the way through at once, and in this case with the skins on and crispy without having to ask for "well done."  YUM!  Add in the very friendly service from the Detroit counter guy (Owner?) & you've got your 5 Stars, for sure!     :-))  Detroit Coney Combo $4.95, Fries $1.95.
5 Lots of flavor. great quality food better then chicago junk. The cheesesteak pita is amazing reminds me of new york best i've ate in az so far go there!!!
5 Fabulous as always!  Back again for the irresistible chili and great Coney Dogs!  Service was perfect and so was our meal. Chicken salad was also yummy...,added feta for extra Zip.  We will be back!
4 EAT HERE! Amazing, genuine, authentic, memorable, and just outright great! If it's an Original coney you're after, this place will exceed your expectations by far. The best tasting coney dogs, hand cut French fries, Vernors, and get this; Faygo Red Pop in glass bottles! It's a dream I tell ya! I bought the T-Shirt!
4 Come here for an excellent hot dog or burger experience.  I found this place on Yelp as I was headed to the Phoenix airport and needed to grab a quick bit before turning in the rental car.  This place is about 5 minutes for the airport, so worth a stop if you want better than the captive airport food options.  And the price is super reasonable.  The chili on both the dogs and burgers is excellent, and the hand-cut fries are tasty when they are hot.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend trying this place if in the mood for a good snappy dog/coney.
2 I wanted to like this place. I'm a huge supporter of great non chain establishments.  I got a chili coney dog fries and as folks in the Midwest call it pop. The coney and fries weren't terrible, they just weren't great. I saw that this place had 5 stars and was expecting more flavor. I'm an Arizona native so maybe I have different taste then Detroit cuisine.
5 Homesick, yeah I get homesick!  Love this place ... Other than the sunshine outside I feel like I am back at home.  Everyone in here is from the D.  Food and company is amazing!  Would love to see a event for MI ppl to socialize.  People who will know what I am talking about when I say I am running to the party store to get a pop :-)
4 In the state of Michigan there exists a particular type of hot dog known as a coney. Why is it called a coney? No one knows. As far as I know it's not named after Coney Island in New York. It's not named after the SNL sketch turned 90s movie the Coneheads either, and it's not named after Joseph Kony the leader of the Ugandan resistance movement.   What is a Coney hot dog you might be asking? Well it's a hot dog with a chilli, mustard and onion. This differs a bit from a regular chilli dog due to the mustard to balance out the chilli flavor.   And this brings me to Detroit Coney Grill, while in the metropolitan Phoenix area I checked around with local yelpers to help me track down hot dog places to review and this was one of those recommendations. So one afternoon I set my sights on visiting Detroit Coney Grill and giving it a try.  The restaurant itself has a fair bit of seating available with one long counter encompassing both where you order and where your food is prepared. I went for a coney dog and water and within a few minutes my food was ready and it was time to dig in. The hot dog had a lot of very nice tasting meaty chilli on it, the combination of the chilli mixed with the mustard was nice and the sausage itself tasted good. This was a skinless sausage on a regular seedless bun. There were a lot of diced onions on top that added to the mix. Overall this was an excellent combination of ingredients and a very satisfying hot dog.   If I had to complain about anything it's that it was a tad pricey, it was a little over 4.00 for the hot dog and a cup of water. I will say that this was a far better tasting hot dog with chilli as the primary ingredient than the one I had at Ted's also located in Tempe Arizona, but for the same price roughly I got a footlong there. Overall I'd say my food was excellent but the value was a little lacking. I am going to give Detroit Coney Grill a solid four stars and a recommendation.
5 This place was great! If you're in the Tempe area, you should definitely give this place a try. Next time I go I'll definitely try the chile cheese fries.
5 I am SO incredibly impressed with the service here. My boyfriend and I visited on a Friday evening. The owner was working and greeted us immediately. I showed him my check in on yelp and he gave us 10% off our order. I truly appreciate that he went over the menu with us, explained the history of the Detroit Coney Grill, described what meat cuts they use and type of dogs they order. He also sold me on the Faygo Rock & Rye soda. Let me just tell you.... YUM. It's a soda made with pure cane sugar (my favorite). David even let me try it before I purchased it just to make sure I liked it.   The food was really tasty as well. I had a Coney Dog and it was delicious. The guys that served and delivered the food to our table were also helpful and made sure we liked everything. It is not every day that you see an owner and his staff take such pride in their work. I am typically so disappointed in the customer service in most retail and restaurants anywhere I go, but it is such a breath of fresh air to see that David is doing his best to remedy that in his establishment.   If only there was a Coney Grill out in Chandler/Gilbert. :) Soon hopefully!
5 This is the current spot that takes care of my 'cheat' day. The combo dog with chili and loose meat is fantastic and the cheese fries are also really good.
5 Uh-maze-ing!!! Originally from michigan now living in Seattle visiting family in phoenix. Came in, to visit family and HAD to come in to check it out. Great service friendly welcome line out the door the entire experience.
5 I've been reading all the reviews about this place, and had it bookmarked for months.  Well, on Saturday Mr. M and I felt like goofing off and driving around aimlessly and I decided to go on a hot dog tour.    We started here and decided to adopt the attitude of "when in Rome" and ordered what appeared to be the house specialty, The Detroit Coney Combo with the hot dog and onions and mustard and chili and the loose ground beef all in one big pile of goodness.    First, the dude working the register has more patience than I ever would because first timers have no idea how to order here and it can be a little overwhelming in the beginning.  We got to listen to him explain things a couple of times to the group in front of us, so when he got to me, I was ready.    We shared the Detroit Coney combo and the fresh cut spiral cut fries, which come in a huge serving by the way, and I'm pretty sure they sprinkle them with crack because those are totally addictive!  Fried perfectly and absolutely delicious.  I was a little nervous that the onions and chili on the combo would come back and haunt me later, but they did not.  Everyone played nice in my belly and the whole experience was thoroughly enjoyable.  Combo, fries, and fountain drink was $9.18 with tax.  I'll be back for sure.
5 This place was legit! I'm from Canton but live in Long Beach, CA now.  My boyfriend and I just got to our hotel in Pheonix and seen this place pop up on yelp.  I was skeptical at first but after a quick conversation with owner and tasting the coney dog I was hooked. It reminded me of all the good times in Detroit eating coneys with the family on Sundays or my drunken nights with friends that ended at Leo's.
5 Drove in from the west side (Avondale). This place is authentic Detroit! Faygo pop (not soda!) and Better Made chips to boot. A little bit of what I miss about Detroit. :-)
4 3.5 stars probably just under 4.  Very good dog with great snap and the Coney Style is awesome IMO.  Had never had a traditional Coney but I'm a fan and will go back.  The fries were pretty good and the Faygo soda was a nice touch too.  The place was a little dirty but probably because they had just gone through a rush.  They were out of Ketchup but gave us some packets from behind the counter.  The cashier didn't know the product which is fine but since we'd never been here and aren't from Michigan we need some help.  The cook which I think is the owner stepped up and guided us.  I hope to go back and have them earn that extra sliver of a star.  Kids both had burgers which looked good and they said they were good but I'd go Coney all day.
5 I thought a hot dog was just a hot dog until I tried this place. Owner operated, great staff, great food! Faygo too! I feel like I've been to Detroit at least in spirit after eating here.
5 I was born and raised in Flint Mi just outside of Detroit so I was thrilled to visit this place, we drove a ways just mainly for the Faygo pop ( or soda as AZ folks call it) The Detroit Dog was great, fries were awesome...but the Rock n Rye Pop took me back to my Childhood,  If your originally from Mi go give them a try and welcome them to AZ The owner talks to everyone like they are friends and family They are thinking about opening another location in the East Valley either at Gilbert and the US 60 or in the San Tan Valley, and they need YELP reviewers to help decide  I VOTE for Gilbert Rd and the US 60...1 mile from my Home
5 Seriously, when I walk through the front door of Detroit Coney Grill, I feel like I am back in Detroit. From the smells, the tastes, the menu offerings and everyone's friendly demeanor, from the staff to the patrons. They need a sign on the wall when you walk in that says. "If You're From Detroit, Welcome Home!"  I'm originally from Oak Park, Michigan (a suburb of Detroit) and two of the things I miss the most are the food and the general kindness with which people treat each other there. Found out the owner (Dave? David?) is also from Oak Park (and used to live about 5 blocks from where I used to live!). They have regular hot dogs there and they have Coney's. The Coney is a hot dog with a natural casing, so it 'snaps' when you bite into it. My wife and I have driven to the famous Pink's hotdogs in Hollywood and had great chili dogs there, and this place stacks right up against them in every way!  The coney's are amazing. The fries are made just the way I make them at home myself. The people that work there and eat there are all very friendly and love to talk about reminiscing where we're all from and if you remember this place or that place back in the day back home (Detroit).  What a great place! Good prices, hours are kinda weird (closes at 7:30pm on weekdays and closed on Sundays) and it can be a little difficult to find as its smashed into the middle of a crowded strip mall with a medical marijuana license distributor a few stores down.  We made the trip from Glendale to try this place out and I was so impressed! I wish it was closer! But I predict I'll be making the drive again soon - and often! (Update - I've been there four times now and it seems like it just keeps getting better every time I go. Food is consistently great and people are consistently friendly and the service is consistent as well).  Loved having Vernor's in the glass bottle, and looking forward to trying the burgers next time, as well. (Update - we tried the sliders, which are a menu option only offered on certain days - they were amazing!)  They also just started offering Boston Coolers on the menu on Friday's and Saturday's. For those who don't know or remember, a Boston Cooler is Vernors blended with French Vanilla ice cream (almost like a root beer float). It is so good - and if you've never had one, I guarantee it tastes like nothing else you've ever had (in a good way!).  Trivia - Why is it called a Boston Cooler when it's from Detroit? It was named after Detroit's Boston Boulevard where it was reportedly first served. The history of the Boston Cooler has some conflicts. One story says that Mr. Sanders invented the drink at his store on the east side of Woodward Ave near Boston Blvd. The other story, and the one I like better, is that the drink was invented during Prohibtion by Grandpa Vernor for his grandchildren. According to legend, there was a milk man who delivered to the Vernor household. In his wagon he carried Strohs Ice Cream (Strohs had to give up brewing beer and changed their fire-brewed kettles over to ice cream production). James Vernor Sr. lived on Grosse isle but would visit the grandkids in Detroit. During one summer visit in 1921 the milkman and Grandpa Vernor delevoped a friendship and between the two of them they concocted the mixture of Strohs vanilla ice cream and Vernors Ginger Ale. It was called a Boston Cooler because the house was on Boston Blvd.  Detroit Coney Grill is a great place! Highly Recommended! Hidden Gem!!!  Also, I just learned they are getting ready to open another location on the west side of town (maybe 35th Ave and Bell Road?) That's a lot closer to my house, so I'm sure I will be eating there more often!  Disclaimer - I am not an investor, I did not know anyone who works there or runs the place (though I am getting to know them) nor do I have anything to gain (or lose) by posting this review.
5 My first time here. Food was excellent as well as the service. The restaurant was pretty full only 1 open table.  The get a lot if regulars because I was the only one that didn't know the owner. Every person that walked through that door while I was there the owner knew by name. I will certainly go back again and maybe someday I will be on a first name basis with him as well. Go check it out
3 Not sure what the dizzy is about this place unless your from MI I suppose. Nothing special about a chili hot dog with home made fries.  Not great but not bad!
4 The guys who run this place are great but the coney itself didn't blow me away. It's pretty small for the price and I actually enjoyed eating the fries more than the dog. Check in on Yelp for a meal discount. I guess i'm more of a $1.50 Costco Polish kind- of-guy.
5 First time in AZ I had the owner of a restaurant  shake my hand the first time I've come in.  The hot dogs are the best I've had in a long time.
5 Excellent Coney dogs and Faygo pop. Knockout Philly Cheesesteak pita.  I vote for the south 202/San Tan location!
5 I've died and gone to DETROIT. This is it folks, finally...Lafayette style original old school Detroit coney dogs like I remember it, right here in Tempe!!  Better Made chips, Faygo Rock & Rye, snappy dogs, and incredible service by an owner who's dedicated to keeping it real. If you love dogs, you have to come. So. Damn. Delicious.  Now...just open one in Ahwatukee at 48th n Warner! Please? ;-)
5 I'd have to say that I love this place. I'm from Saginaw Michigan and when I come here I feel at home. Michigan tradition, Michigan friendliness.  These guys are doing it right. Thank you for the wonderful feel of home. I drive from Laveen just to get me some coneys and some FAYGO.
5 So, I was born and raised in Arizona.  Still living here today, I haven't actually had a real coney (just chili and hot dog really).  One day I was searching Yelp for a new place to try, and I typed in "Coney Dogs" and came across this place.  5 star average with over 100 reviews?  Must be a decent place to try.  Walked in and it was pretty dead (Weekday perhaps the reason).  We instantly got greeted (aint gonna lie, the girl there was a cutie) and was told that the Coneys today was buy one get one half off.  So anyways, the menu is pretty simple for the most part (not that it's a bad thing) and the prices are a wee bit high.  I got the Coney Combo (coney/loose beef) and a side of chili cheese fries.  I also got to try Faygo for the 1st time (don't have it out here, always wanted to try it).  Ended getting the Rock and Rye.  The hot dog itself was normal size for a hot dog, even with beef and everything, $5 was just a little too high.  The chili was good and the fries were good too ($3.95 for the fries).  Overall the food was pretty good.  One thing that I didn't care for (not a big onion guy) was the pile of onions on my dog.  Just reduce it some and it's perfect (for me anyways).  Next time I must try the burger (perhaps the Quint?)  So I overheard the owner talking about adding another location from reviews on Yelp and I think the Val Vista and 60 location would be more ideal because that plaza brings in a ton of business.
5 You'll think you're back in Detroit-authentic coneys!
4 I had a double burger, and seasoned spiral fries. The fries were DELISH, the meat was a bit smaller than the bun, a pet peeve of mine, but the fries made up for it. They were also out of Diet Coke in their fountain machine, which is all I drink. The food was made quickly, and all staff was very friendly.
4 This place over all is really good love the loose burgers and the coney dogs.  Never had food from Detroit nor experienced the attitude of someone from there but one compliant and the girl who works there is so rude not professional waited a minute before she or the other workers even came to the front.  I've always come in when the owner guy is working he's awesome.  But not sure if I want to come back when she's there.
3 I come from the heart of coney land.  I have probably eaten a thousand Koegel hot dogs on my life.  I love coney dogs; hell, I love hot dogs.  Staff is super nice in this place.  My hot dog was over cooked which was a bummer. The coney sauce was off just a hair.  There was a dominate spice that I cold taste predominantly in it.   The fries were great.  I will probably give this one more try.
5 Here is a place you must visit if you are from Detroit and live in the Valley of the Sun.  When you walk in the door you feel like you have arrived back in Motown.  The first order of business is the map and pins.  Here you are able to place a pin on your home town.  The Better Made Chips and Faygo are a must along side the Coney Dog.  I am especially fond of the "loose" which is a bun, onion and chili.  I honestly did not expect to find it here and was pleasantly surprised.  If you are in the mood for some home town cuisine this is a diamond in the rough.
5 Native Detroiter...well done Detroit Coney Grill!  Had coneys which were outstanding, burger was excellent, whole family loved it!  When we walked in my wife said "smells just like home!"  This place is 100% legit!  Gilbert by 202
5 I used to live in the Midwest and had more than my share off Coney island hotdogs. This place is the real deal. Great frankfurters with a snap because if natural casings, great chili, and the right type of onions make for a great experience at this place.   Only one problem with this place: it's too far away. Come out to Avondale!
4 We drove from north phoenix and weren't disappointed! Great food just like back home...though the chili at our fav in detroit is a little bit tangy-er, this was excellent!
3 Hot dogs are ok.  Not exactly what I would get when in Ann Arbor but still not bad.  Prices are on the high side for a hot dog.   Not sure if I will be back.  This place definitely does a good lunch business though.
3 I always either have a friend bring me  a brick of chili or I buy it when I visit  Michigan. I love coneys.  I enjoyed going to the DCG.  The owner made it a fun place to visit.  Had a Vernors which was great and two coney dogs.  I downgraded them only because the coneys were in a basket and not on a plate.  By the end of eating the second dog I was eating the plastic paper.  Please get plates and silverware.
5 Is there such a thing as 5 stars plus, plus, plus? Well, then this is the place you cannot miss for Detroit, not Detroit style, real, homegrown Detroit Coney's. We sampled the food at this Tempe location of Detroit Coney Grill and hired them on the spot for a party we were giving. Not only is the food oozing Detroit, but, the hospitality that David exudes makes you feel as if you grew up with him in Detroit. Our party, catered by DCG even made the vegetarians grab a dog. The greek salad was outstanding as well. Detroit chips, Faygo pop, and you'll think you're back in Michigan. Don't miss this great hometown treat....Detroit or not, everyone loves a good dog!
5 Love everything about this place and I'm from Chicago
5 Within the restaurants of a 5 mile radius from where I work, Detriot Coney is one of the most delicious, cheapest and offers the best service.  I went there for a dog but I saw someone eating a juicy burger so I changed my mind.  Drink, fries and a delicious cheeseburger for all under $8 bucks.  The person who took my order explained that my burger order number will be called out and then they will ask me what fixings I want "like subway" he said.  I thought that was a pretty cool feature and they had a nice selection of burger toppings.  The guy who cooked my burger, served it to me at my table and then cleaned up my table when I was done, what a superstar employee.  I'm giving this place 5 stars because it was clean, the service was awesome and the food was very delicious.  For a hot dog stand this place is a cut above the rest!
5 Let me start by saying I am not from Detroit or anywhere near the Midwest: I am from New Mexico :)  DCG had been in my bookmark list ever since it first opened up, which was a while back... Today I had some time to grab a bite and on an impulse, DCG was my choice...  I was super excited because I knew it had 4-5 star reviews but I was thinking "All these reviews are from people who are from Detroit" so of course I had to check it out and see for myself   When I first walked in, I think the guy at the register knew it was my first time, he was extremely nice and gave me the run down of the menu and the history of his shop... He wish the owner, Dave. He told me all about the process of cooking and the ingredients that go into each menu item. Of course I had wanted a coney, because that's what was in the name (DCG) but Dave woo'd me into getting a burger because it was their daily special... I liked him immediately because he was saving me money! He said I could try the coney on my next visit, tomorrow, Wednesday... Because they have a special on coneys! I really like how he was very nice and he didn't try to rush me or let me try something I might not like... Honestly everything on the menu sounded good so I'm pretty sure I will go through all of it eventually...   I opted for the Faygo pop just because I felt that it would make my dining experience a little more special... I got the orange one... I have to say Faygo is really sweet... I see that it is made of a pure cane sugar and I could taste it... I enjoyed it though...  My burger was delivered to me at my table by the guy who made it!  The burger was cooked brilliantly... The seasoning in the burger is what made me like it... I dressed mine up with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, mayo, and pickles...   As I was eating, Dave and his wife were sitting at the table next to me chatting and nibbling on something as well... It was very kind and thoughtful of him to look over and check on me... He asked how I was enjoying my food. As a small business owner, it is things like that which keep customers happy and make them feel welcomed in your establishment. I felt very comfortable eating that quad burger and I think he was a little surprised my little frame finished everything...  All in all, my visit to DCG went really well and I can say that I will be returning again and again...   So for all of you non-Detroitains (probably not correct) check this place out, meet the owner, and have a yummy lunch/dinner...
5 This is authentic Detroit Style Food, It made us home sick :) .  Dave was very nice and the Cook was very nice also. Real Detroit style hospitality. The food was really good I had the Double Cheese burger with Fries which were the best I've had. My Husband had the Gyro Pita and a Detroit Style Coney with a popping hot dog, thats a true test of Detroit Style.  We would love to see a location somewhere around Baseline between 16th street and 24th street with a patio.
4 Next best thing to being at home in DTW.  Only way it could be better is if they served breakfast like back home...
5 My hubby is from Detroit and this is AUTHENTIC. Highlights: The food is fantastic, staff is friendly;-  David makes you feel like family, place is clean, prices are more than reasonable. Get there before 7:30pm. I never write reviews but I want his location to be in Mesa!!
5 Great food! Owner personally talked to all customers! Clean and great A/C for a 108 degree day.
5 Original Detroit Coney Dog...and Faygo...
5 By far the BEST DETROIT EXPERIENCE in the Phoenix area! Been living in Mesa for 28 years, best coney out here! Let's not forget the Faygo orange soda! And the fries are fresh cut too. Love everything about this place. You gotta put one in Mesa near Val Vista and Baseline, but I'll drive out here till there's one closer!
4 Read the review in the Arizona Republic and had to try it.  Real beef hot dogs, chili was great on top, fries were perfect.  The show stopper was the Burgers! Patties are thin, so the triple was about right.  We live in Queen Creek, so until they open one out here, we'll have to drive to Tempe.  Definitely will be returning!
5 The best coneys in town, even better than Portillo's and I normally like Chicago style dogs but can't beat my hometown version....owner is great and treats all his customers like his best friend, old school personable service!
5 My husband is from Michigan and gets homesick often and I FINALLY found a place that brings him back home!
5 Right as I walked in, A very friendly owner made me mark on the map of metro Detroit where I'm from, got jealous of my 248 area code, gave me a rewards card and right as I started ordering said "you know what you're doin." Needless to say, we have found our new regular spot. This place is a perfect slice of the Dirty D with all the brands and flavors from back home.
5 Absolutely amazing. Being from metro Detroit I have been longing for a true loose coney and chili cheese fries. I FOUND IT!!! Whether you are from michigan or not, come here and indulge in these heavenly coneys. I came all the way from Goodyear. PLEASE ADD ANOTHER LOCATION OUT THERE!!!
5 Omg I thought I was back in Detroit.  So delish! The owner was very personable. Did I say that the food was delish!!!
5 walk in and BOOM you know your in an authentic Detroit run place. The manager or maybe the owner (im not sure) was ringing people up and you can tell he is definitely from Detroit. They have a cool map of Detroit and some push pins with a sign saying "put it where you come from" I dont think he would of liked it if i asked him to pull out a map of Ohio haha. O-H. but moving on. The place is small but has good seating and pretty good prices. The food itself was AMAZING. I got 2 Detroit Coney Dogs -onion. Simple i know but its easy to mess the chili on it up, and they sure didnt. The guys were awesome who were making the food. Very polite and everyone seemed happy to be there. I live right around the corner and ill absolutely be back. oh and btw they have a 10% check in marked off your bill. I just threw the difference in the tip jar. I consider this to be a nice hidden gem. I hope they expand and get some more recognition.  Thanks guys.
4 Great service, inexpensive prices, and nicely prepared meals. For those yearning for Detroit coneys, or like me, curious about what one is like after seeing them on TV, Detroit Coney Grill has exactly what you are looking for.  The menu consists of burgers, hot dogs, pitas, and salads, with some chicken and 3 vegetarian options. I decided on a Detroit coney. The hot dog had a nice "bite" to it from the slightly elastic casing, adding a nice textural difference from the rest of the hot dog. The chili was somewhat reminiscent of some Cincinnati I've had from Skyline Chili, except with more of a savory flavor to it. It went well with the onion, mustard, and hot dog.   Service was excellent, and the owner was very friendly and came by to make sure everything was tasting OK.  Hours are a bit limited for those that tend to dine later in the evening since they close at 7:30. Overall though, a great place for some inexpensive quick eats.
5 A true authentic coney grill, and that's coming from two Michigan girls! Everything was quick and delicious! And the owner was so sweet and attentive :) we will be back!!
