5 Edinburgh is undergoing one of its occasional renaissance moments as suddenly a flurry of bars and restaurants open.  The new focus seems to be the quality ("craft") beer and food combo.  The Hanging Bat, Brewdog and Vintage lead the way, with the refurbished Fountain and renovated Elm Bar now the Jeremiah Taproom.  Added to the list is the brand new Safari Lounge, which was the Station Bar on Cadzow Place, Abbeyhill.  Until recently a relatively untouched classic Edinburgh pub (reviewed separately on Yelp) with the infamous Safari Lounge at the back.  The new owners appear to have grabbed that concept and refurbbed to covert the whole pub to the Safari Lounge.  Nice decor, still reminiscent of the original, long narrow with 3 relatively separate spaces to sit, including the original Safari Lounge at the back with its own fantastic cocktail bar.  Food now features prominently with meze style offerings, hot dogs etc.  All seems to be high quality.  Good range of beer both on draft and bottle.  It does not appear to be aiming at the high end beer market (like Vintage) but there is some quality on offer.  Actually the new high end beer places have their own niche but can miss the mark a wee bit as decent, warm, inviting pubs in the old style.  I found that the Safari Lounge had this sort of genuine pub character in spades and actually probably my favourite sort of hangout (it reminded me of the Pond on Salamander St when it first reopened a few years back).  Bit more relaxed but cool.  Good friendly staff, decent welcome.    All in all I REALLY like this place. Just a bit out of the way so a bit more selective in terms of clientèle. Cool vibe, great food and beer.
4 I agree with Arthur D - there is definitely a bit of a renaissance going on in the bar scene in Edinburgh at the mo'.  Lots of dodgy boozers being transformed into something more upmarket. I've yet to try the cocktail bar through the back & I haven't eaten here yet either. Must try both - any excuse to go back (again).  Each time I've been in, it's been for a drink on the way home from being up town.  The bar staff are friendly, there's a good selection of beers on tap and in bottle, which is a winner with the OH, the house wine is good, which is a winner with me.  It's definitely going to be my new local and I'm looking forward to many more visits in the months to come.
4 So sweet. This is so welcome in the neighbour. A funky wee hangout spot. Love the layout. The old man pub mixed with zebra print!  Food was lovely. Granted I only had the bean salad. And what a salad!  So beautifully perfectly cooked. Crisp and bright green beans mixed with Parmesan I think. I still am thinking about it and it is about 3 weeks ago I went with a friend. Great service groovy music.   I'll be visiting again. Good prices.
4 My friends and I were shopping in the Meadowbank area and at some point decided it was time for some lunch. I had heard good things about the Safari Lounge, so suggested this and as it was just round the corner we decided to go there.  Being Saturday afternoon with football on etc. the pub was very busy. However, we managed to secure a table in the back room. A really friendly waitress came to take our drinks orders and we studied the menus. I have to say the Safari Lounge menu is the most interesting and diverse I have seen for ages. I mean - mussel popcorn, anyone? Or would you rather have some sushi? Don't worry - they've got it all covered.  We ordered mussel popcorn and chicken wings for starters. Both were very tasty. There was a little pot of tartar sauce to go with the mussels.  Main courses for 3 were lemon and black pepper chicken with thai slaw and salad, jungle king prawn curry and ribs and potatoes. Just like the starters, everything was well on flavour. The ribs were amazing - tender juicy meat falling off the bone. The accompanying potato slices were a tad too salty for my taste, though. Jungle curry had amazing flavours and it came with a couple of chapatis on the side.  I really enjoyed my lunch here. The atmosphere is very relaxed and they're not trying too hard which contributes to the easy-going vibe.
5 Was a regular here for years when it was The Station Bar. I never thought The Safari Lounge would work. Well it does. The staff are friendly,and will go out of their way to help you. The food is top notch. The chef is a great guy. I would recommend this place to all. Give it a try,you will be surprised.
4 Came here for food as I'd heard good things about the hot dogs and I wasn't disappointed. First of all, I'm not an expert on hot dogs and have virtually nothing to compare this too, but having said that it tasted good. Secondly it was a bratwurst which I'm not sure if that makes it legit in the eyes of hotdog purists but anyway. I and my friend both went for 'the jungle brother' (yes that really is it's name) which was a bratwurst with chillied beef and manchego cheese on top. We ordered a side order of fries as well. I was concerned that this might not be enough but in the event it was perfect. (I'd go for fries along with your hot dog if you're a greedy git like me as the hot dog on it's own probably won't be enough, for most guys anyway) The bun was nice and light and airy and seemed to be lightly toasted on the inside. The bratwurst just seemed like an ordinary bratwurst but was nice and went well together with the chilli on top (though the chilli was a tad dry perhaps and I didn't get a huge amount of flavour from it) I didn't get much impact from the manchego either to be honest I wouldn't have been able to tell you it was there actually and I think without the juiciness of the bratwurst the whole thing  may have been a tad dry. This is nitpicking though as overall it was pretty decent. My friend who's tried the chilli dogs in America seemed pretty impressed.  The hot dog came with a small side salad- lettuce and finely diced cucumber, which could have been a tad oily for some but I liked. The decor of the bar is sort of jungley, retro chic with animal heads on the wall and the waitresses were friendly and service good.  So all in all I'd recommend it, not amazing but definitely competent, a tad pricey (the jungle dog was £8.95 I think, certainly £8 something) but definitely not extortionate. If I could I'd maybe only give 3.75 stars but anyway definitely worth a try. Plus they have some good bottled beers, my friend had a Weisbier I'd never seen before. One final thing though, I saw that the menu contained momo fuku and sushi. Now, if they can do good A. hotdogs B. momo fuku and C. Sushi, I'd be very surprised. Also it's a bit random never mind ambitious, I think they'd be better of just sticking to doing one thing really well.
5 Unable to find anything that I didn't like about this place. The atmosphere, service and food on offer was impeccable. For the offerings I have to highlight their own Safari Lounge Beer. This is made especially for them by the Bellhaven Brewery.   We sat in the back (the original Safari Lounge as some remember) and it was a nice affair with a sunny afternoon beaming through the windows. The 'fire place' and orange walls made a surreal effect of a warm summer feeling in the winter.. weird but effective.   Edinburgh needs an injection of a little jungle heat. The hot dog version I choose was Jungle Brother - now I (my nick name being Jungleboy) could not resist. It was roaring with spices and heat. Thanks Chef!   Oh a little nugget: The owner/chef used to be the Head Chef in Joseph Pearce. He is a good 'un!  Nugget 2: he'll be opening the Lioness of Leith very soon - Stay tuned.
3 Can't comment on the prices as was treated here but the cheesecake portion was a good size and well presented, service was very good and the range of alcohol also very good. Kudos too for the tangerine & black tiling in the Gents.
5 After a few more visits this place has actually surprised me more and more.  I did not know that they regularly changed their menu - from seasonal produce to new dishes altogether.  My last visit included vegetarian Nuri Sushi - yes SUSHI! I, who cant eat fish, was so pleased to know that I can enjoy the taste of sushi without having to worry about my allergy. A big thank you to Joseph Malik - the chef who introduced these culinary delights.  I enjoyed a main lunch of a Safari Chorizo Brunch Salad - bit heavy on the barley, but tasty. The proof was definitely in the pudding - or in this case their Passion Fruit Cheesecake with vanilla ice-cream.   Well done and keep it up!
4 Had an appointment to pick up keys to a nearby airbnb flat at the Safari Lounge. Being quite late, about 10:30pm, but being hungry (don't want to go hangry...) after delays getting to Edinburgh via London from Stockholm something was needed, but wasn't expecting to find anything at this hour.  Even if the chef went home the staff fixed together a really nice meal with feta, hummus, salad, ham, bread, olives and other stuff. Really nice atmosphere, friendly hand helpful staff and good, fresh food. Got nice ale too! Win!
4 Yelp  review-- safari lounge  23 may 2 pm  Have had a most delicious meal here again. The service is great genuine and friendly. The chap who makes the smoothies is inventive and creative. I'm not a fan of banana so he did a watermelon apple fresh mint. SURPERB!
