5 I needed a few minor adjustments to my car that had been a problem for a few weeks.  Interstate Auto Repair took me in the day of my call and fixed everything perfectly!  My car is back to running smoothly again.  Top-notch service!  Highly recommend Interstate Auto Repair.
5 I am fortunate enough to have found Keith (Interstate Auto) about 6 years ago. It is very rare these days to find an excellent mechanic that you can trust. Keith has been taking care of all of our vehicles which include Tahoe, Suburban, and Lexus RX330. His prices are fair and his quality workmanship in my opinion far exceeds any dealership you go to. All of his mechanics are seasoned guys with many years experience, not fresh out of school,who are learning on the job. When there is a problem, he leaves the car up on the rack and explains and shows you the problem while giving you the best options available before you decide what to do. Keith replaced my air conditioning compressor in my 2001 Tahoe about 5 years ago for almost half the price the dealer quoted me, and to this day its ice cold with no issues. He uses only top quality parts. I will continue to take all my vehicles to him from here on out because he is the most honest shop and he cares about the customer instead of taking you to the cleaners. Thanks Keith!! Keep up the good work!
5 Absolutely the best! We are lucky to have such great mechanic so close to us. Keith and his team help our fleet of truck that Barefoot pools uses daily. We use only Interstate auto for all our repairs and maintenance.  When we buy new trucks we have them inspected  first for his approval. Thank you Keith and Michelle !
5 Keith and his crew are very attentive and help me out whenever I am in a bind, no questions asked they just get their tools and get it handled with the best results every time.  It's such a small world cause we share many of the same customers too.  They too give nothing but great comments about Keiths' business too.
5 One word. AWESOME. Keith and his crew are honest and well informed and also fair with prices. I took my jeep wrangler to him anytime I had an issue with it. Once I got rid of my jeep wrangler I went to buy a truck and before I even pulled out my money I drove that truck an hour from paradise valley all the way to Keith's to make sure it was okay to purchase. He gave it the okay and the truck has been running great for almost a year now. If you need anything done with your car do not go anywhere but interstate auto!
5 These guys are trust worthy and reliable. I feel they treat me the same way I treat my customers and there is no better feeling when something breaks on your vehicle.  My belt broke on my Malibu they towed my car fix the belt and replaced the pulleys with metal replacements and not that crap plastic GM used. They also helped me pass emissions and once changed my oil and filter for the best price I've seen yet. Anyways figured I'd leave a review because I'm going back tomorrow for my brakes. I'm certain I'll have the same experience. One other thing I'll say is it doesn't have that cooperation sales type feeling it's actually the opposite. Thanks guys!
5 Keith and his guys are top notch!  I have never felt trusting of a auto repair place not trying to rip me off.  I know when I bring my car into Interstate Auto I will not be ripped off. I will be told what the best route to take on fixing the issue and always end up with great work!  This shop is about quality and true value.  Wish he was closer to Gilbert but being so close off I-10 does make Interstate Auto easy to get to.  By the way the owner, Keith is a true all American family guy.  Just look at all these 5 star reviews.  How rare is that now a days for a Auto Repair business?
