4 I bought a LivingSocial for Shawna's massage services and it was a decent enough massage. After some confusion on when I was supposed to come in, I made the appointment for a couple weeks out. Her salon is in a weird office building on Lake Mead in Henderson and is pretty much the only thing like it in the building.   The LivingSocial included aromatherapy, and she had about six choices to choose from. The room temperature was fine, the pressure was fine, everything was a-okay.  I probably won't be back because I am a whore for cheap massages....LivingSocial and Groupon know how to get me. I can't justify going back somewhere and paying more when I know there's someone just as good who is offering a cheap-ass-cheap massage for a limited time. I would, however, recommend Shawna as her office is located nicely where no other massage is located and she did provide a good massage on a dime.
1 I bought a voucher from Living Social to have 2 massages, one for myself and one for my husband, back in September 2013. I made my appointment for my massage and went; it was a good massage for the price. I then tried to make my husband's appointment for a couple weeks out. The day before the appointment, Shawna texted my husband and cancelled. No biggie; things happen. What was strange was that she cancelled without any attempt to book a future date with him. When he did text back and asked for another appointment date, she replied, "I don't have anything for a long time." Umm, huh???? We were surprised at the lack of professionalism, but whatever... he continued to text back and finally was able to make another appointment for 3 weeks out for himself. The day before this appointment, guess what...she cancelled again. My husband was fed up. He told me to take the voucher because he would not go to someone so unprofessional as to cancel twice and not even suggest a future date. So I got involved and texted Shawna, told her he'd been cancelled on twice, that he didn't want the voucher anymore, that I would be using it instead, and asked if she could fit me in early the following week and move one of her other clients around due to this issue, and she said, "No." I tried to be understanding, and with further pursuit on my part, I finally got another appointment for two weeks out for myself. Guess what?  Yep....she cancelled on me the day before my massage. I texted her back saying this is the third time and I wanted a refund. She basically said no, you have to talk to Living Social. She didn't offer me any future date for a massage, nothing. She again wouldn't move another client around for the next whole two weeks to fit me in! So, again, trying to be the understanding, patient person I want to be, I made yet another appointment for two weeks out. And guess what. Yeah, you know what I'm going to say....She cancelled on me again, this time within one hour of my appointment.  Enough was enough, I called Living Social and got my refund. It is unbelievable to me how some people stay in business.
