4 this place was wonderful, included a full kitchen and nice roomy bed :-) i cant complain at all even when the next day my stay was across the street at hardrock :-) also in walking distance on same block they have CVS where u can get anything and alot of other stores :-)
2 Price was great which is why I chose it, a quick 3 day, two night trip, during the weekend only $87 total. For almost $100, it could have been better. Outside was cute and cozy, did not match inside. Very basic and not extra clean like I like it. Found a hair on my bed before I even slept in it. Was EXTRA hot and took about 4 hours for the air conditioner to cool off the room. I most likely will not be going back.
5 Excellent stay.  Clean rooms.  Friendly staff-The lady at the front desk Friday and Saturday during the day-I forgot her name but she was delightful to work with. Great value for the money and location,location, location!
5 Okay so I went on a family trip to Vegas and for my young ones this was their first visit. I wanted them to have a great experience but on a budget cause most of the top hotels would have been a waste of money with kids. I know some of the locations on the strip have some great pools and fun activities for families but I didn't need my kids being around the party atmosphere of the strip just the tourist options during the day. I found this place online for a great rate and I booked two rooms one for my parents and one for myself. You can imagine the pressure I felt booking for my parents and this place possibly being a dump but I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best. Well to my surprise the person at the front desk was very nice and informative when we asked for directions to old town Vegas. Then when I went into the room I was shocked to see a stove and a very clean room. The bathroom was spacious and also very clean. The room smelled well and the sheets also had no issues so I was very pleased and my parents were very happy about my choice. We then took advantage of their pool with waterfall and it is pretty small but no one seemed to be using it other than one other family. It is big enough for the kids to have fun in and I think about 20 people would be the limit but no lap swimming because it is not shaped for that but perfect for relaxing.  The free breakfast is okay but the orange could be better and they could offer some actual breakfast options other than pastries. But best bang for your buck in Vegas without feeling low budget.
3 An affordable motel about a 15 minute walk to the heart of the strip. Beware that jets fly nearly non-stop almost overhead. The last jet we heard was about 11:30pm and we didn't hear another until about 8:45am. This was (so we heard) a converted apartment building. Definitely not a luxury hotel but the prices reflect that. We turned the heat on and it smelled so bad we turned it back off right away. Maybe hadn't been used in a while. Air conditioner blows across one of the beds which also was annoying. if you just need a place to crash within walking distance of the strip this is okay. Hard Rock Hotel is right across the street so you're in good company.
4 For $50 I was Leary of what I would be getting behind door # 508... But happy to report that  I was pleasantly surprised! Room was very clean , and equipped with a refrigerator , microwave , coffee maker, and 2 burner stove.  You can't be the price, but with 3 Taxi rides to the strip & back we could of used that money and put it toward a nicer room on the strip and walked to other casinos. If you only gamble at the Hard Rock which is directly across the street or like to visit the  strip club directly next door then this place is perfect for you!  I would definitely stay  here again if I needed an affordable room.
4 The room was clean, and affordable. More amenities than expected; two burner cook-top, mini fridge, microwave, and separate 'dinette' sink and counter.  The receptionist was very pushy about having me choose my room ... apparently having no preference is unacceptable ... but aside from those weird vibes, good place - felt safe despite being near all the hustle.
4 The staff is friendly, the exterior of the hotel looks great, inside the room is clean , nothing fancy but it has everything you need. Planes fly over every so often. Small pool. I love being able to hop in my car and go and then come back and park and go straight to the room. No valet, no having to walk through the lobby to some distant elevator, it's just in and out when you need to. This is the biggest plus for me right now compared to previous Vegas trips staying on the strip.  You can also walk to many stores and restaurants nearby. A lot more peaceful than the strip if you want a change of pace.  Breakfast was oatmeal, bagels, pastries, juices, milk, and coffee.  I would stay here again.  Only $60 a night this trip, you can't beat that!
1 I stay here often for work as I have a trailer which holds freezers and I can hook them up here. I never have a problem ever, except this time.   We arrive at 6pm and are greeted by an African American woman with eyelashes that are extremely big and fake. We require a room on the corner but every time we ask her for assistance in this she tells us nothing can be done or gives us blank stares as her response. We decide we can just use the outlets they have scattered all around the parking lot. We park, which is difficult with our trailer, just to find that NONE of the outlets are working.   We walk back to speak with her again and she is just as unhelpful with this problem. Stating all the corner rooms are booked and maintenance in full leaves at 5pm so there is nothing that can be done. I explain our reason for staying at this specific hotel out of the hundreds of options in Vegas and she simply tells me if I cancel my reservation I will still be charged.   I am of course outraged as when I was booking my stay I found a hotel in old Vegas (which is where my work is anyways) for only $20/night and I could have bought dry ice instead of using electricity but knew that this was a comfortable stay and the people have always made sure our needs were satisfied.  Instead I spent almost $100 and still have to buy another $60 on dry ice.   I am very displeased with this ladies customer service and with such a high demand like Vegas, you would think they would try harder.
1 My husband and I stayed here because we had 1 free night and I will never stay at this location again .... Since we had 1 free night we had to make two reservations so we did so and we got there fri night checked in and everything was fine my husband used his debt visa card to check in, the next morning we were told come check in for the following night so we did the girl at the front desk Kelia (spelling may be wrong) was awful at customer service and could not explain to us that they needed another card to swipe because they did not have a CC on file for us ??? Which was wrong because we checked online at our bank and my husbands CC was charged twice not once but twice than they want another card from us ?????? What the heck ??? A man from the back whom Im guessing was the manger comes out unprofessional shirt untucked looking meaner than anything and rude as can be ..... Comes out from the back and telling Kelia to run a report etc .. Well I was getting worked up and just gave her my CC and let her run it .... Now our two night stay was charged THREE nights when it was only suppose to be two nights with 1 night PAID !!!! I will never return to this location again !!!!! Rude customer service and management
1 I made a reservation at this location, cancelled it within 24hrs of making it and 2weeks prior to my planned stay and rec'd a confirmation of my cancellation. Two weeks later  I rec' a email survey asking how I enjoyed my stay. WTF! I immediately check my account and they have not only charged my account the amount of a full stay but another 110.00. I contacted the hotel Eloisa who tells me there is no record of them charging my acct. and I should call another #...I think not! I have a job and its not to correct THEIR mistakes.  I give her my cancellation conf# they call me back and say I should contact my credit card company and dispute the charge-so now my credit card company has to correct their mistake??  I contacted their cooperate office and left 2 vm to the head of the reservations dept...It took 2 TWO calls to rec' 1 ONE call back and guess what?  After a half butt apology, an excuse that this is a franchise location and a promise to rectify the issue-I haven't heard back from anyone and it hasn't been. I've had to in fact dispute it with my cc company.  Its bad enough to be over charged but to be charged, never having stayed with a hotel that takes no responsibility in correcting its problem is THE WORST!
1 My fiance and I were in town for a wedding and we wanted to save some money, what a mistake. This place was horrible. The first night we woke up at 4am to our bathroom being flooded because the tank of the toilet was gushing water all over the place. I called the front desk and they came into our room and told us we had to switch rooms, ok I understand that. So we move to the new room and then the next day we are relaxing, getting ready for the day, when another couple opens our door with their our set of keys. So again, I call the front desk and they just tell me to send that other couple to the front desk. We then go to the wedding, have some fun, and when we get back to our room our keys had been deactivated. I walked to the front desk and tell them what was going on, the frost desk clerk asked us for ID, then just swiped us new keys and then just mumbled a sorry in our direction. I was just fed up with this place. I will never ever return to this establishment and give them my hard earned money. I should have just paid the big dollars and stayed at a casino/hotel.
5 Friendly staff, clean and nice and quiet rooms. It was a great value. The breakfast was ok with bagels, juice, coffee/tea and pastries. This was much nicer than many other fancier hotels.
5 I was strangely happy about this place, when I originally thought it was going to be pretty gross.   I ended up here at about 4am on 6/19/14 because I arrived in town too early and wasn't able to check into my main hotel till around 2pm.  I was looking for a cheap place to stay for a few hours and hopefully take a shower after driving straight from Chicago to Vegas.   Check in was a breeze, and after heading up to our upstairs room on the left side of the property, I was absolutely shocked.  From the outside this place looks like a regular gross motel, but the room was absolutely lovely.  Everything seemed remodeled - Nice beautiful clean white bedspreads, refrigerator with small kitchen area, and a clean and newly done bathroom and shower.   Just out of curiosity I did a little inspection of the room and it was seriously clean. Everything was in order, the shower had great water pressure, the TV worked well and received all it's channels, and I didn't find a speck of dirt or dust anywhere.    My only negative of this place would be that I had to park on the opposite side of the property than where my room was, so carrying luggage across and around the building wasn't fun. But considering the price of this place, for the nice clean and new room I got, I ain't even mad.
4 Wanted a cheap but nice room near the strip and that's what I got. Paid $77 total for a Saturday night with advance reservation. Front desk was friendly. Gave me directions when GPS was wrong. Hotel was quiet although we got in at 3am, so any noisemakers were asleep by then.... Stayed in room 310 near front of hotel. There was a kitchenette. Pool looked nice although I didn't go in. Room wasn't fancy and shower was a little yucko, but was clean and a/c was very cold which was important in the middle of July. Only got coffee at continental breakfast. Seemed like they had fruit, toast and generic bottom of the line Danish. We parked at MGM in free garage on North? end of the strip. When I got back to motel at three am there was only one parking spot left! I would stay there again as the other places on the strip cost 3-4 times as much. I used my savings to pay for very expensive David copperfield tickets. Pass on David copperfield. He needs to retire. I think he's done one too many shows although it was somewhat humorous the way he made fun of audience members...
