2 Well, I was hoping for better.  I was pretty excited about this place opening up in my 'hood, and I met some friends here for happy hour.  The service started out on a bad note.  When we entered, there were four or five employees congregated around the front entrance, and all greeted us with a friendly hello.  However, once we sat down, our table wasn't approached for approx 5 minutes.  But, this place just opened, and I know new restaurants have kinks to work out, so I'll let that slide.  Onto the happy hour menu.  Happy hour only has discounted drinks, which disappointed all of us as we do enjoy discounted apps, etc.  We ordered a few drinks, two appetizers and one salad entree.   For appetizers we ordered the Tuscan plate and the green chili cheese dip.  The Tuscan plate was alright, though we would have preferred a mix of different meats and different cheeses maybe (it comes with a goat cheese, salami, roasted red peppers, olives and crostini) The green chili cheese dip comes with crostini and tortilla chips.  The cheese dip tasted very similar to velveeta cheese dip... which, luckily, I love.  Well, we all love.  But it's not exactly what I expect to be served at a restaurant I guess.    Camille H ordered the Mexican salad, and it was good- but overly dressed.    Now, the atmosphere.  Like many other places in this part of Ahwatukee, this place seems to be geared towards older clientele.  We all ended up commenting on the music situation, as it seemed..... well.... not very hip I guess?   I assume that the kinks with the service and food will be worked out with time.  However, I won't be returning unless the happy hour is revamped and the music selection is changed!
2 Wow.  It's really been a while since I rushed home to write a review.  I met Sarah H and Dan H here tonight for happy hour.  They just opened on Monday and we were excited something new had opened in the Foothills and we wanted to support them.  Well, first off we met here for happy hour but the only happy hour specials they had was on beer and wine.  Not nearly as happy as we were hoping.  We ordered some drinks, I had a nice Sauvignon Blanc, and looked over the menu.  Nothing on the menu is very inspired or unique but I finally settled on a Mexican salad with black beans and chipotle ranch.  Something cool and crunchy and spicy sounded just right.  Dan ordered a Tuscan meat and cheese platter and Sarah wasn't really hungry so she just got the chili cheese dip which I was looking forward to trying anyway.    We chatted while we were waiting for our food but the place is so loud, it wasn't easy and they had the most god awful music on.  Not quite loud enough you could understand it, but loud enough that it made it difficult to chat.  We thought we heard country music but couldn't be sure.  They definitely need to play something more café-ish to set the ambiance of a good meal with friends rather than being at a rodeo.  Sarah's chili cheese dip came out first and we dug in.  It reminded us a lot of that Velveeta dip you make with a can of Rotel, only not as good.  And they didn't give you much either.  We ate it nonetheless because it's cheese, but I don't think we'll be ordering it again.  Dan's meat and cheese plate looked fine but my salad wasn't quite what I expected.  When I ordered it the waitress asked if I wanted Spring Mix for my lettuce or a green lettuce mix.  While I normally go for the darker greens, I thought a green lettuce mix would be best to stand up to a heavy ranch dressing.  What I got was a mix of spinach and arugula, predominately spinach, which couldn't stand up to the creamy dressing and was a soppy mess.  I ate it, but I can't say I would ever order it again.  Any salad here for that matter as the dressing was put on with such a heavy hand, it made what is normally a light meal, heavy and greasy.    We paid and were on our way in under an hour.  It was too noisy and not really conducive to a long leisurely evening of chatting, drinking and eating.  Maybe if they change their menu a bit and I give them some time to work out the kinks, I may try it again, but I'm sure.
4 Great service, decor, and fun menu. This new little Bistro is a foodies heaven.  Their 1st day had to be crazy but they got our order out in timely fashion and got the order correct.   For me: a Tino's Salad with their lick-the-bowl cider dressing. This comes with beets, goat cheese and bacon. All of which are delicious, but the tiny shred of beets would be so much better left BiGGER and the bacon was too hard to enjoy. Still, I'd order it again.   My friend: Chop Salad with their Greens Blend lettuce. Love the fact you can choose from Spring Mix or their Kale, arugula Greens Blend!   We shared: Olives with Goat Cheese & Pesto which was very tasty on crostini. Lots of olives come in a bowl topped with a delicious blend of tasty spread.
5 We thoroughly enjoyed our first  visit to the Perfect Pear on Thursday night.  We ordered a variety of the offerings and were quite pleased.  We had everything from apps, to salads, to sandwiches, to entrees.  Everything tasted very fresh and the quality of ingredients utilized were impressive.  We did suggest a balsamic glaze for the original bruschetta, but otherwise, the cuisine was spot on.  We always order our salad dressings on the side, so there's never room for overdressing.  The food presentation was very nice.  We were happy with the wines-by-the-glass and the beer selections.  There was a robust crowd and it was clear everyone was enjoying their experience.  The music selection was also fine for us.  They have to try to please everyone, and that is a difficult task when you have a wide age range of patrons.  We liked the ambiance, and the wait staff and owners were very attentive to our needs.  The prices were reasonable, and we will definitely be returning again.  For it being their first week in business, we were quite impressed with the restaurant overall.
3 Pretty good food and value.  A couple of things that need to happen:  they serve pasta dishes but don't provide bread.  They have no dessert options at this time.  I will be back when these are corrected.
4 Decided to give this a try today.  Not disappointed at all.  The Signature and Perfectly Peared Bruschetta was very fresh and a great blending of flavors.  The Perfectly Grilled Cheese Sandwich was delicious with the spiced pear bread.  The staff was very friendly and attentive as was Chris, the owner.  Will definitely be back.
5 This is a great addition to the neighborhood!!  Staff is friendly and well organized (unlike some other local establishments).  It would be nice if the location was a bit bigger, I expect that it will be very busy on weekends. I have had a couple of the appetizers, three different salads, and one if the sandwiches. All of them were tasty and a little unusual (in good ways). They have a decent selection of beers including my favorite Kiltlifter. The only slight negative is the lack of dessert options, but I know they are working on that...
2 We REALLY wanted to like this place because it's right down the street from us. It's a cute place, but the menu is very limited and the items we ordered were just ok. We tried the Philly Goat and Tuscan bruschetta. My husband enjoyed the Philly Goat, I felt like it should have been served hot (though I realize traditional bruschetta has a cold topping). The Tuscan was just ok.   Each of us ordered a salad as our entree. He the Strawberry Fields and I the Tino's. Both were underwhelming. We each opted for the "perfect green blend" which was mostly spinach. The salads were average at best; I've thrown together far better myself and the dressing on the Tino had an odd flavor that I couldn't place, maybe from the cider.  I would suggest that the "Choose the Perfect Pear" menu item allow for a 1/2 sandwich option, not just 1/2 pasta.  Because we want to support neighborhood establishments, we will try it again. I'll try the Grilled Cheese next time. Hopefully it will improve with time.
4 Wow, what great addition to Ahwatukee. The the service and food was very good. I enjoyed a Pesto Chicken Sandwich, my wife had a fantastic salad. They extended the patio which is very nice at this time of the year. We will definitely go back...
5 I love this place!! Super healthy food with lots of options.  The owner, Chris, is dedicated to quality ingredients and it shows.  Im vegetarian and highly recommend the "harvest" sandwich. The thai hummus is the bomb!!  Im told this place just opened 4 weeks ago.. Going great so far!.. Ill be back for sure!
4 My friend and I walked to the Perfect Pear today.  We both had salads which were perfect.  This is a family business and NOT a chain.  Ahwatukee needs more places with some character and this fits the bill.  Great experience.
5 Nice decor, friendly staff
4 We saw these guys going up for a few months but hadn't been until this evening. To begin, let me say that the bad reviews I saw are most likely complainers wherever they go because we had zero issues except for the fact they had only one desert and I'm not a peach fan. Maybe they could get something light and cool befitting their AZ location. Anyway, the food was delicious, both salads and sandwiches of which there are several options for both. There is also quite a selection of appetizers, all of which were tempting but I didn't want to kill my appetite. They have a few wines one of which my wife had, a red blend which we were both fans of. My choice of a Kilt lifter was a good one. Our server was very nice and most attentive. There are two nice little patios with shading and a pleasant looking interior. We dine al fresco when the opportunity presents itself so we didn't venture inside but it was visible via the large windows. The weather was great and it looked like most people had chosen the patio. From the way I saw people eating it appears everyone was happy. Good people, good food, good drink, nice ambiance. Had they a desert selection I wanted this would have been a 5 Star review. We will most definitely be returning on a regular basis.
5 Went to the Perfect Pear on date night.  I felt like I was going to pass out the food was so good.  We had the black bean dip, Pear cobb and Pesto chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  To start the black bean dip was great perfect amount of cheese the gauc was chunky and a perfect flavor.  The pear cobb was excellent all the flavors matched perfect.  Pesto chicken was amazing the texture and flavor was a great match.  Last the sweet potato fries...  Well they were probably the best sweet potato fries I' ve ever had.   Drinks were very reasonable priced.  We will definitely be back.  Service was excellent and friendly.  Decorated nicely.  Great place!!
4 "Healthy and delicious!" This is our new favorite restaurant in awhatukee!  Loved all the appetizers, drinks, and entrees we have had so far!!
2 Wanted to try because of the proximity to home.  Staff was friendly but the food was so-so. I ordered a sandwich which, when I lifted the first half up to eat it, I found a bread tie underneath. Not the end of the world and they did comp my order. My unhappiness came from the skimpy portions and the high price. I actually ate when I came home.
5 This place is great!  We have been here many times since it opened and have loved everything that we tried.  Tip~ the perfectly grilled cheese is the best you will ever have!  The bread is special and sweet and the cheese is brie........with other great stuff on it too.  The salads are great and most items are very healthy.  Great for lunch or a casual dinner.  Perfect Pear is perfect!
2 We tried this restaurant because we are new to the neighborhood and love trying new places.  A few observations, wine prices were terribly exorbitant.  At $10 for a glass of no-name Riesling, I just can't seeing myself doing that again.  My family ordered 2 kids meals with grilled cheese, I had the Perfectly grilled cheese (reminded me of a Monte Cristo sans the meat) and my husband had a plate of Alfredo, for what we ordered  $65 including tip just seemed over the top.  I think this place wants to have a high end feel, but the lack of a formal bar (bottles were huddled together on the serving line) and the male owner walking around in FLIP FLOPS, detracts from the high-end feel (think Postino's) that this restaurant wants to achieve.  A few suggestions for the owners (who I recognized from their picture in the paper): DRESS PROFESSIONALLY, and introduce yourselves as the owners so you can get constructive feedback from your patrons.  You'd think that the owners are embarrassed for anyone to know the place is theirs.  Next, move the alcohol behind the counter so you can at least PRETEND you have an actual bar, and please offer wine specials, most people (like me) like to enjoy a glass of wine with dinner and if that part of my dining experience is cost prohibitive, then I won't go to that restaurant for the food.  Next, turn the music down.  Dining is a social experience and if I can't hear people at my table, I'd rather just go somewhere else.  Finally, improve the customer service, your waitresses (and the female owner) dropped things on the table then ran off before we could ask for things like napkins, condiments, etc.  I thought this type of service was very unprofessional and makes me hesitant to return.  Overall, this place has excellent food.  I hope they can make some minor tweaks to their establishment so that they can hang around for the long haul and be a place people can go to in Ahwahtukee for a great meal!
4 Great place for healthier food and great ambiance and service. We have gone twice and both experiences were wonderful. They have a great variety of salads, which the perfect salad blend is an excellent choice. The salads are larger and have the right amount of toppings w/option of chicken of salmon on them. We also tried the bruschetta, which was ok. We were expecting them to be toastier or warm, but still fresh toppings. I hope they do well, cause this will be a regular place for us.
5 A must try!!  if you like fresh food. I too rushed home to write a review but with a totally different take from earlier reviewer.  This place is great!  Love love loved it!  I will definitely be a regular here.   There were 5 of us that stopped in for lunch but told them that we were really short on time.  Top quality service. Great servers who know what they are doing.  The food was outstanding and I'm a picky foodie.  Loved the French onion soup with 1/2 strawberry salad.  The iced tea was so refreshing! They even willingly split our checks 5 ways and they even performed well on time.  We left just 25 minutes later, full and satisfied.  We hope this new restaurant does well.  Support your local small business:)
5 If you're looking for a local amazing restaurant to support- you need to check out the Perfect Pear Bistro.  The minute you step into the quaint establishment you are greeted with friendly people, soft music and an atmosphere that invites conversation and great fresh food.  Whether you're looking for a sandwich or salad or pasta, the food is fresh and good.  No TV's at this establishment- you actually get to converse with the person you're sharing a meal with.  The owner stopped by the table and genuinely wanting to know about our experience.  Even if you don't like in ahwatukee- it's worth the drive.  Let them know Debbie sent you.
3 First off, I love this place and the owners are super sweet and it's awesome to have something different besides loco and native. The food seems more consistent for eat in than carry out. Ordered take out again and for the 2nd time, my order was messed up by the kitchen and I had no dressing for my salad. With a four month old at home, going back for a corrected order is just too much trouble. If the kitchen could slow down and read the orders, it would make a huge difference as the person taking the order read it back and it was correct. The food is yummy and it is a new place so there are kinks to be worked out. If they could get my order right, I'd bump this review to four stars. In this day and age of customer service being near non-existent, a little attention to detail and service would set this restaurant above the rest in our little neighborhood! Hoping for good things for this place!
4 My husband and I stopped in yesterday to get food to go.  The bread on the perfect grilled cheese is fantastic.  We also tried two salads and both were great.
4 Dropped by for spinach dip and a drink. Good service and excellent food.  We have eaten here 4-5 times.  It is always really good.  I wish they would add just a sole burger to the menu. That would round out their offering.   Don't miss this place.
5 Fresh, healthy, delicious food! The staff is very friendly and the owners are awesome. Everything on the menu is delicious but there are a few things you must try if you come here- Creamy Mushroom Marsala Pasta, Perfectly Grilled Cheese,Wild Chop Salad,and theTuscan Bruschetta! Great selection of wine and beer.
5 Visited the Perfect Pear for the first time today -- can't wait to return and try something else on the menu.  I order the strawberry salad -- very good.  Love that, when ordering a salad, you're given a choice of greens.  And the Mushroom Marsala pasta -- AMAZING!  The peach-pear cobbler (made in-house) -- AMAZING!  Taste of the pear bread used to make one of the grilled cheese sandwich selections -- AMAZING.!  Somone in the group said the Tomato Bisque was the best they'd ever had.........  You really MUST try!
5 My 18 month old daughter and I ate lunch here today. The service was fantastic and the food was just as good. We sat on patio- the ambiance was great- my daughter loved the music. We'll be here often.
4 First time here.  It is great to have a restaurant close to home that serves fresh tasting food with great flavor.  Server was friendly and efficient.  Could not have asked for a better first experience.  Nice variety of Salad/Sandwich/Pasta. I had the  Amatriciana with Chicken.  Pasta was perfect and the bacon sauce had just the right amount of spice. I wish I could have finished the bowl.  Wife had the Creamy Mushroom Marsala.  Another excellent dish that delivers the savory/sweet of any good Marsla dish. Again, pasta was cooked perfect. I would recommend either of these and look forward to trying the other dishes.    I will definitely be back and pray locals recognize a good restaurant and help support it.
5 Finally! A good, healthy bistro in the neighborhood that's not a sports bar! We had a late lunch for the first time there recently. I was pleasantly surprised....great service and the food was really, really good. Creative, fresh menu with lots of light options. Perfect for lunch or weekend brunch!
1 First off , my husband I and decided to try something new since this restaurant is close proximity to our home. We ordered dinner and wine. The chardonnay tasted like it was purchased t from CVS. Yet, we we charges as though it was a $50.00 bottle of wine..Absolutely, terrible. In fact,  it was recommend by the waitress.In addition every table had a candle and was lite, However, ours was not.. Ummmm Maybe, because we were African American.. Not to mention,the pasta dish with chicken was overcooked and bland...Then to top it off,!!!  Our car was KEYED BY SOME Redneck raciest  bastard!!!! Who does that in this day and age??!! Really, just some jealous idiot!! go get a job and by your own BMW... As for the dinner and drinks it sucked! We should have went  to the Livingroom in Chandler where there are classy people... Instead it costed us $550.00 for dinner!!
4 I liked this place.  Went with a group of friends on a Friday night for Happy Hour.  Got Michelob Ultra for $2.50.  Wine is $6 a glass.  No discount on mixed drinks.  I enjoyed the olives with goat cheese and crustini.  Great serving size and flavor for only $4.  Also had the 1/2 salad with 1/2 pasta.  Got the strawberry salad and forgot to ask for no bacon so I couldn't eat it.  The waitress did not offer to remake it so I just brought it home for hubby.  Tried the mushroom marsala pasta and it was the best part of the night..  Seriously YUM!  The worst part was that there is only one bathroom so we often had to wait for someone to come out of the ladies room to be able to go in.
5 one of Ahwatukee's best  Love this place - try the BLTa
5 From the moment we entered the staff was very nice opening the door for me & my friend. Our server was so friendly and answered all our questions. I ordered the green tea which was so tasty & refreshing. For lunch I ordered the grilled cheese which was so delicious on the pear bread.
5 Came in from Calgary during the Christmas Holidays... Perfect Pear was recommended by my husband's dad... We had lunch with the kids the afternoon we arrived, and couldn't have had a better start to our trip. Best lunch, wine/beer & atmosphere! The owners came over to chat with us...very nice people and made us feel completely at home, especially with 2 little ones. We went back for another lunch before we came back to Calgary, and same experience. I'll be going there first thing when I arrive in May! A definite favorite!
4 Arrived on a Weds evening and there were still a few 4-top tables available - yay!  There were only 2 of us but I need a little elbow room when I'm trying a place for the first time.  Service was excellent.  Our server was polite, attentive, able to provide insight on several dishes and even had some personal favorites which is always helpful.  She also laughed at our jokes which made her even more charming (haha).  Starter: Thai Hummous plate LOTS of veggies I would get this for HH next time with my chick friends who want to be healthy but also "happy".  Salad: Perfect Pear Classic was lightly dressed, very fresh, tasty.  Main Dishes:  I would prefer Shrimp with my Roasted Garlic Alfredo but I settled for chicken and it was moist and tasty and a good sized portion.  The sauce was light and flavorful not greasy or heavy.  Nicely done, would order again as it did not weigh me down!  My companion carnivore was a little disappointed not to see more "meat" entrees to sink his teeth into (in his world its not a "face" that make it meat - its a Hoof)  the owner allowed us to make a plea and appeared to take it under consideration.  Stay tuned for our next visit!  WOULD RETURN.  WILL RETURN.  Think Local, Eat Local, Spend Local.
5 I'm in love with this little place!  I would eat more salads if they all tasted this good. And they're bigger than big. The pear cobb salad is my salad of choice- check out the huge real bacon "bits" in my photo!  Small family bistro with friendly friendly staff- and who doesn't love a small family shop??!!  The owner, Chris, always says hi and cares.   Eat here & feel good!  PS.... Their grilled cheese is fantastic.
2 Just ok. I had the Italian Rigatoni. It was very bland. Could have used some salt but, apparently, having salt on the table is beneath them. Also, the rigatoni was supposed to have Italian sausage in it but I didn't see any.
1 So, disappointing, I can't tell you. I live in walking distance and wanted for months to stop in. I finally walked in yesterday (Sunday) at around 4:00pm. Sat outside on the patio overlooking the parking lot and road. Ever since My Big Fat Greek Restaurant closed near by, I've been desperate for a consistent "go to" for noshing and drinks. Perfect Pear is a faux bistro with no bar, no charm and zero ambience. The restaurant smelled like smelly cheese - maybe cheap grated romano - so the patio was the escape. The menu offers typical easy-to-make, low risk, but high profit dishes. The drink menu is pedestrian and boring. No buttery chards and warm room temp reds. The waitress thought Pinot Gris was a misprint and apologized !?! So, the foodie in me already knows the pasta selections are embarrassingly ill conceived, so think American corporate like Chili's or Carraba's. So, what to do? Well, order something that few restaurants can screw up --- bruschetta!!  Trendy, high profit, easy with fresh ingredients. The Classic came on soggy focaccia, hardly toasted, with tasteless, off-red tomatoes with red onion and julienne'd basil (not torn). Then, (get this) topped with cheap-of-the-cheap romano cheese (see above). Any shot at being edible was ruined by the grated romano. The Chef must have zero culinary instincts or just doesn't care because there is no real competition in the area. Unforgiveable. The Lolita was actually worse. Please don't say "avocado" when you really mean a brown guac spread. We ordered the olives and pesto goat cheese. Why ruin pesto with goat cheese? The crostini with the olives was the best part of the meal. My partner reconstructed the bruschetta using the crostini and the edible parts of what was served. I marvel at new owners who seemingly don't avail themselves of the basic "how to's" and "do's and dont's" of culinary.   Please -- owner and chef -- do a dine around in Phoenix, take the entire week and then re-vamp your concept and menu. I'll be back in (3) months because I refuse to go to Native New Yorker. I'm serious.   Much luck.   D
5 One of our new favorite spots!  Great service and excellent food.  Everything we ordered was very tasty and fresh.  My fiancée called the grilled cheese "decadent".  We also ordered the pear of tomatoes pasta and the perfect pear classic salad, both were fantastic!  Patio allows dogs and they even hooked us up with a water bowl for our pup.
1 Sorry very inconsistent salmon was once under cooked and then over cooked Take out orders lost and wait staff had poor attitude.  On good days food is good They need to be more consistent and change attitude when they make mistakes
2 A fun place to go to try something new. The restaurant itself is cute and an experience in itself. The flavors were a little bland for my taste though.
2 We were really excited to try a new local place in Ahwatukee.  When I mentioned where we were going I heard great things and so so things about the Perfect Pear Bistro.  Our experience was much like Yelp, a few good things with some not so great things.  Rating experience on Feb. 14th.  We made a reservation for valentines evening to sit outside, they only had early times available.  We were excited to sit outside with the beautiful weather but, when we arrived there were no tables available.  We started with a happy hour drink inside, the prices were reasonable.  We finally got a table outside and started with a Brie appetizer, it tasted good but, the portion was tiny, I let my husband have it.  I don't eat a lot of pasta and I was excited to ordered the Roasted Garlic Alfredo linguini.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed in how bland it tasted, I tasted no flavor nor garlic.  My husband knew I was disappointed and asked them if I could change and get the same thing he had, they were very accommodating.  My husband had ordered the Amatricana cavatappi, a pasta with bacon sautéed with red onion, tomato, basil and Romano cheese.  We both liked the dish but, unfortunately we both had bad stomach aches and were sick later that evening.  We had a nice waitress and they did try.
5 Went for happy hour, great food and wine! Nice and relaxing setting as well. Will be back!
5 Visiting from California and decided to stop off here!!! OMGGGG WHAT A GREAT CHOICE! Friendly staff, clean restaurant inside and out, DELICIOUS/HEALTHY/GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS.... Needless to say, I LOVED IT! I would highly recommend this place!
5 Super food, great family friendly environment which works for those with kids, those on dates or those just chillin'! Macaroni was great, and the grilled cheese  was super good. Owner was nice and introduced himself - servers paid extra attention to our kids. Overall great place and great addition to Tukee!
5 This is an excellent place with a different menu of salads and sandwiches reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is great and the staff strives to make you feel like an honored guest.  I highly recommend this place to get away from the usual Phoenix fare of chain restaurants.
1 We ate there several times and THE food was very good. Three weeks ago we went back and ordered the Bruschetta specifically Bat a Bing..... They removed the garlic and it was soggy.....we departed very disappointed. How or why would anyone remove garlic form a Bruschetta......... .I'm done
5 The great thing about Perfect Pear is that there are a bunch of great options to choose from! I got the 1/2 pasta 1/2 salad dinner and it was awesome! Even though it says half, the portions are still pretty generous. Cam and I shared the Classic and the Tuscan Bruschetta and it was pretty good! I liked the change up of the bread from the normal sliced baguette style. The Chipotle Tomato cream sauce pasta was pretty good but I loved the Wild Chop Salad! I obviously recommend this place and can't wait to go try more of the menu!
4 Came here for breakfast and ti was wonderful, I enjoyed a mimosa and some incredible pear French toast.  Service was very good, I will definitely come here again
4 Great location in the foothills, good food and service. Management is very attentive and professional. Will be back!
3 Almost. This place is an almost. It's almost really good. We have been there a couple of times. The menu looks good but the food never lives up to my expectation. They have been out of things several times. The service is ok and my toddler liked the sweet potato fries a lot so there's that. I'll give it another chance.
