4 Au fond du centre commercial du Ceasars Palace, il y a Cheesecake Factory, caché par une grande fontaine. Pour y arriver, il en faut du courage, il y a pas mal de marche et la tentation de s'arrêter en route est de plus en plus forte avec les autres restaurants de ce centre. Mais la marche vaut le coup, les plats sont servis généreusement, le service est sympa, on blague aussi avec nous avec quelques anecdotes sympa et les conseils sont avisés. L'addition est un peu élevée, mais reste dans le même ordre que dans d'autres restaurants du centre. PS : Rien à voir avec le Cheesecake Factory de la série Big Bang Therory ;) Les uniformes et l'ambiance n'est pas la même. D'ailleurs, je rajouterai que la musique y est un peu trop fort
3 Very nice location. Two-floors. Came here with a very large group of about 30 people without prior notice. The waiters split us into three smaller groups which we did not mind. Two groups were next to each other. The other group was across a walkway. We were fortunate to get the waiter who was probably new. He seemed to be a little panicked while the other waiter looked like he knew what he was doing. As for the group I was in, we had to wait a long time between ordering our drinks then ordering our food. This cause us to be the last finishing our food while the other group was ready to head out the door. Other than the service, the food was as expected...Good! I give the food four out of five stars. Service was a two out of five.
4 The food is solid 5 stars, the service however is 3 at the most. Therefore, we'll split the difference and give this location 4 stars. The place is huge, two stories in fact, so it could easily accommodate a crowd. Food was great with huge portions, but like I said earlier the service was slow and the waiter was not attentive at all.
3 I'll start with the customer service, unfortunately this is what makes it 3 stars.  We had a big group of around 15 people, and yes, they do not take reservations but we did call to let them know about when a 15 people group would be there.  Long story short, there was no table for us when we got there, which is fine, but the hostess was so rude and said it will be an hour and forty five min., she said there was only one table that would fit that many people, we asked if they could push a few tables outside together and she said no.  My coworker got a little upset and asked to talk o the manager, come to find out the wait was not going to be even close to that long and they would push two tables together for us.  So the 1 and 45 min wait time suddenly was only 15 min!!!  Our waitress was great, very sweet and nice.  We came here as a part of our company Christmas party and we work in a restaurant so we sometimes can be hard to make happy, especially our servers lol but she did great and there were no complaints!!!  Food. was. soooooooo. good !!!!!!!!!!!!! omg!!! everyone ate everything off their plates!!!  Fast hot fresh food, great portion sizes and fair prices!!!  I will def go back!!!
4 Just plain good.  I stopped in at Ceasars Palace location in the Forum for a quick lunch.  I am addicted to the Iced Mint Green Tea, and usually start with the Tuna Tartare.  For a non-sushi restaurant, it is not surprising to get a bad order of tuna that has been sitting around just a bit too long, but Cheesecake Factory has never let me down.  Today I deviated from my usual Garlic Shrimp Pasta, and tried the Enchiladas.  3 nicely done tortillas filled with chicken, and smothered in melted cheese, with a side of beans and cilantro rice.  Great fuel for the long walking distances in Vegas!
