5 Sara was awesome. We brought in an iPod with front shattered screen & an iPhone with back glass shattered. Both were fixed within a few hours under $200. They look brand spanking new. Excellent work and wonderful service.
5 I went here when I found a Groupon, coincidentally 2 days after returning from a trip where my iPad screen had shattered.  Despite being overwhelmed with calls due to the Groupon, Sara was able to get my iPad in the next day and would have been able to fix it within several hours had I needed it.  I opted to let her keep it overnight and picked it up the following morning.  The screen had been replaced and the bent/dented corners of the aluminum case had been bent back, making the iPad look as close to new as a 2 year old iPad that is used daily can.  Should something happen to any of my other devices in the future I will be going to see Sara, even without a Groupon.
5 I bought a Groupon to have my daughter's ipod fixed.  I called the day after the Groupon came out (a week before it was supposed to) and Sara was swamped with calls.  Her order of glass was not due until the next week but she was cheerful and funny on the phone.  I brought the ipod in and she is just as cheerful and funny in person.  And really, really competent.  It took her a couple of hours and not only did she replace the glass but straightened out the dents as well.  She offered great advice on keeping the device in good shape and told us to bring it back if there are any issues.  I will certainly go back again if I have any electronic problems!
5 IFix Mobiles is AWESOME!!   Seldom do I have the chance to interact with a business so professional and so top notch. I had my phone's screen replaced recently when I was in Ohio, and the workmanship there was nowhere near what I received here and on top of it, the work was done quickly.   Got a water damaged IPhone? Did you crack your screen on your phone or IPad? This is THE PLACE to go! Do not put your phone in rice - come to IFix Mobiles! You won't be sorry - I am so happy I did and I will be back again!
5 Great quick prompt service. I had a cracked mini ipad screen. After checking prices iFix mobiles was the best price. She fixed the screen and it was perfect. After watching netflix my screen and ipad we're acting funny. I got really nervous because it had been about 30 days ( the amount of time I had to let her know of issues) I called her and she said no problem I will fix it for you! No questions asked! That to me is great customer service! I am recommending her to everyone now and hope you go and get your devices fixed by iFix mobile!
5 iFix is a great under the radar phone and tablet repair shop in Oldtown, Scottsdale. She provided great service and really put the customer first, not trying to make an extra buck. If my current phone (which is now surrounded by a plastic brick of protection) or iPad ever break again, this would be the place I go!
4 ok. So far i am very pleased with the service. I left a voice message yesterday and today i got a call back at 11:30'ish. The lady (sorry cannot remember her name) was amazing, knowledgeable and most importantly has told me that the service that we are going to receive will a discount. My daughter's iphone 4s has a shattered screen. I will update my review Friday evening after our appointment. So far...great service!
5 Update: Fantastic!!!! Sara is the owner of this little business. She is knowledgeable, and she doesn't mind that we watched her fixed the phone. I truly recommend Ifix to everyone!
5 Highly recommended!  Decided to call this place after coming across a groupon. Got a good vibe from the owner right off the bat when I called to ask about pricing. I cracked the screen on my 4s and unfortunately, the groupon indicated they were sold out of that particular service.   However, when I mentioned this the owner jumped in to immediately honor the groupon pricing since I'd mentioned it - good thing since I'm not much of a haggler.  The repair took a little longer than the hour I was quoted but for 65 bucks after taxes who cares? The lock button on my phone has been broken for several months and she even took the time to show me how to activate the lock and screenshot features manually - was very impressed. Now my phone looks and functions like new and I couldn't be happier!
5 Not only is this a great example of supporting small/local business... but Sara takes a lot of pride in her craft and is fairly priced. I highly recommend Ifix for anything mobile, mp3, or tablet related.
5 Great experience! Sara is fantastic! I had two iPads repaired and she did a wonderful job. Her communication throughout the process was much appreciated... I always knew what to expect. Highly recommend this place!
