5 Finally we have been waiting for this place to be open. The place looks great I love the salad you get to share it feels like I'm back home with grandma. It's great to see a non-chain opening in the valley. I recommend the chicken marsala its out of this world.
5 Celebrated our daughter's birthday and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Service was a little slow, but they were very attentive. I had the salad, soup and bread. The dipping sauce for the bread was delicious but a little salty. Portions were decent. The staff brought a piece of chocolate cake and two pieces of cheesecake to celebrate the birthday. A little pricey, but a great dining experience.
2 New neighborhood Italian joint that sadly didn't meet expectations. It has only been open for a week, so hopefully these issues will be resolved in time.  The price point is high and the food quality was rather low. I loved the complementary family-style salad, but that was about it. Much of the food had odd, unexpected flavors including the entreés, dipping oil for bread -- even the tea. All of these items had several individual flavors which just didn't come together and one flavor that made you think, "what IS that?"  The staff was very friendly, but green. I couldn't get drink refills and dropping off/picking up food was a bit clumsy. But, again, they were nice and trying hard which means a lot.  I want this place to succeed and, as noted above, let's hope they improve with experience. With so many Italian options available with better quality at a lower price, they will have to improve.
4 Auntie Pasto's has taken the place of the horribly overpriced Tutti Santi on Guadalupe. We've been driving by in the hopes that it was open, and we finally got the chance to visit. We were not disappointed!  We got there early, around 4:30 so we could catch their happy hour (3-6pm). We had the mozzarella sticks with house-made marinara. Delicious! The sauce was wonderful - garlicky, but that's how we like it!  My fiancee ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and I ordered linguine and clams in a white wine garlic sauce. The meatballs were dense and fresh; there was no denying they were house-made. The linguine and clams was equally fantastic. Both meals came with unlimited salad and bread. The salad was tossed tableside by our server, and had a traditional Italian-style vinaigrette. The bread was also house-made and came with an Italian herb seasoned olive oil to dip. The dip was a tad salty, but very tasty!  Since the restaurant is new, the service is a little green, but it wasn't an issue for us.  I wish Auntie Pasto's the best of luck! We'll definitely be back soon.
4 We decided to try Auntie Pasto's since it just opened in our neighborhood. It was not very busy mostly due to being new I think. I asked the guy who sat us what he reccomended ans also what he had tried. He quickly said he had tried everything and named his favorites. I really liked that answer because in my opinion the staff should allways try every item on the menu. Our waiter was helpful as well. We all had something different and we were all pleased. We will be back for sure. Also their lunch menu looks like a real good deal and the luch specials are even avialable on weekends!
4 Pretty good for a new place. Service was prompt and friendly and the food was good for the most part.   I had the mezzaluna and it was to die for. That may be because I'm partial to ravioli but I know a bad ravioli when I get one. Those in our group who had the spaghetti and meatballs thought it was delicious as well.   However, the waiter was not as knowledgable of the menu as I would have liked. I asked what the ravioli was stuffed with and he said cheese. I then asked if I could have a meat sauce instead of red said and he said sure! When my food came out it was meat ravioli in a vodka or tomato basil sauce. Regardless it was a pleasant surprise. The only other complaint was that those who ordered chicken or veal said it was a little on the dry side.   Overall good food and great drinks. $5 for margaritas and sangria every day!
4 We had a terrific time at Auntie Pastos.  The owner came out and made sure everything was to our liking and gave us some history on the opening of the place.  The food was really good, our waiter Anthony was attentive (and treated the birthday boy wonderfully!) and the atmosphere was great.  Will most definitely return!
4 Chicken Diablo pasta was very delicious - highly recommend. Also had the bowtie chicken alfredo, which was pretty good as well. Diablo was best though!  Service was a little slow/not ideal. She forgot our bread and salad until we asked, just as our entrees arrived. Salad had a good dressing, but nothing special other than that. Bread was not warm, and had 1 small sized piece - too small for sharing amongst the two of us, but we skipped it since it wasn't warm. Oil for bread came in a small plastic container - would have been nicer if it had been served on a plate.  This place would definitely benefit from a few nice touches - better silverware, plate for the oil/bread, better bread, paper for table coverings put in the back (instead of behind us while we ate), improved server skills. A relaxed environment, but next time we'll probably just do take-out.
5 Great food and great service! Ask for Johnny to be your waiter, he will treat you right.
3 My husband and I used to come here a lot when it was Tutti Santi because we liked that there was a nicer restaurant in the neighboorhood. It's now been replaced with Auntie Pastos. We were excited to try it because we like to support non-chain restaurants in the area. The first thing that suggested to me that this place was lower-scaled was the beer ads and flags on the patio. If I wanted "tacky", I would have walked 10 paces east to Streets of NY.  The indoor decor hasn't been changed much, except it's been cheapened even more by crooked stenciled Italian words on the walls, bright red paint resembing the now-defunct Fazoli's, and large TVs showing sports.  I couldn't understand the TV being placed immediately above the beautiful wine nook.  The Macaroni Grill-esque butcher paper and crayons on the table confirmed our suspicions that this former nice place was now exactly like (or even more chintzy) The dreaded Olive Garden. Also, the top-40s music was distracting and added to our confusion over what the "theme" was for this place. Still, we decided to not judge until we tried the food. Bill, the server, was really cool (and easy on the eyes!) He was really friendly and knowledgable about the food and beers.  When asked for suggestions he said that the lasagna and chicken marsala are great. The beer selection is good, and the beer was nice and cold. The wine selection, for an Italian place, was really disappointing. If I wanted a $4 bottle of wine at $6 per glass, I'd like to enjoy better ambience. I expected a much nicer wine list. I had no clue they had a full bar,  and since reading these reviews, I see they had sangria and would've enjoyed that more.  We ordered the ravioli and the rigatoni with chicken added.  The foccacia bread was ok, a little doughy for my taste. The salad was better than, say, Mimi's house salad. It had salami and olives, which makes it a little nicer. The dressing was too salty and overpowering, however.  When the food came, my husband could not see any ravioli, as it was drowning in sauce. On a positive note, the ravioli was stuffed with serloin, but overall was "just alright", and obviously not homemade.  The rigatoni had the same sauce as the ravioli- a good combo of white, red, and vodka sauce.  The portion size was great, as it left me with leftovers.  Overall I thought the rigatoni was too peppery, as in, black pepper and should've left the sauce to do the talking without so much pepper. Sadly, we won't return to Auntie Pastos. The ambience and food were just too "ok" to give them our money ($55 for 2 beers, 1 wine, and 3 entrees- I got a spaghetti to-go for my son who stayed home).  We eat out twice per week and really aim to patronize non-chain places so we'll find others that are better.
5 Took the whole family and everyone was happy and actually are their food! I will  be taking the family here more often!!    The service was nice and friendly. The waiter got the kids laughing and having a great time! All together a great experience!
3 Overall we had an average experience. They removed the old dark tutti santi dusty drapes in the windows, and the big clock on the wall is gone. TV screens on the walls are confusing (they should serve BBQ wings and salsa chips - wait that's Chillies) ... I understand we're not in Italy. We're in Mesa...and that's probably why the previous owner packed up and left.  The food is not too bad actually. I don't quite remember what we have but that's good news. Bar tender was not there when we showed up that day - too bad. Our server did not know how to make a Bloody Mary. I think the salad is a nice touch, made us believe we were at Olive Garden, but without the wait.   Will we return? Maybe. You can tell they try hard. salad, nice bread, oil, water, lots of attention and huge portions. It's hard to please the a crowd looking for a quick meal and have some sophistication.
4 My husband went for lunch with a co-worker yesterday and they enjoyed it very much. Keep up the good work.
5 The sad thing is the owner has all but given up on this restaurant. I loved the food and the people. The best workers jumped ship seeing that ship was going down. I almost always spent Sunday afternoon watching football and drinking and eating, they were closed today. (December 1st) Sad to see a nice place go under. I hope the owner (Mike) gets his sh*t together and makes it work. I was the Duke here, never was before. . Oh well.
3 We ate there several weeks ago and it was good and drove by today and it is closed.    Sign on the door from the landowner saying it was abandoned and they changed the locks.  We waited for 5 months for this place to open and it's closed after 3_4 months    Tough business to be in food prep I guess
1 I stopped by today to see what hours they were open, and it is closed with a lockout notice on the door!  Never even got to try them.
