5 Hey ya'll! There's a new restaurant on E. Wash and it's the first Venezuelan restaurant in Madison! Although Venezuelan cuisine bears some similarities to Mexican food, it's also distinctively different. Instead of salsa, they have a sauce called guasacaca, which I think is cilantro-based but tastes nothing like cilantro. It's slightly creamy and garlicky. They also have a spicy and really spicy version of that. Yucca is the potato of Latin America and you can order yucca fries under appetizers. I ordered the 3 taco plate (which is really just 3 tacos, for $5.99). One shredded chicken, one shredded beef, and one pernil (roast pork). Unfortunately, I got them to go and could not determine which was which, but two of them were good and one of them was excellent.  After conferring with my bf, who ate half of them, we have come to the conclusion that it was probably the pernil that was the best. The tacos came on double corn tortillas which were soft and tasted fresh, and were topped with cilantro and chopped onion, Mexico City style. They also offer freshly made tamarind and passion fruit juice (freshly squeezed, yo). And sugarcane lemonade. Do it. We may have to return to conduct a more thorough investigation of their menu. They have some lunch specials on Mon-Fri, 11-2pm which look like pretty good deals (see menu on website). There are some empanadas and arepas (kind of like savory turnovers).  If you are into spicy food, you'll love their guasacaca. If you're not into spicy foods, they've got stuff here for you too. Get over to La Taguara ASAP!
4 Friendly, fast and delicious. I'm a fan and will definitely be back. The menu has a range of options for carnivores and vegetarians. Vegans may have a harder time but it's workable. The arepas for lunch were terrific and I heard a customer at the neighboring table complimenting the salad dressing. You order at the counter and they will call your number when it's ready.
5 Excellent real Venezuelan food. I say this as a Venezuelan native. I will be coming back for sure! Really enjoy the Pabellón and Mojo! Get the Parchita juice if you like like passion fruit, it is delicious here.   Very welcoming, friendly staff.
4 Checked out the new Venezuelan place tonight. Super authentic. Moderate pricing. We tried the pabellon and the mojito en coco. The first is the national dish and the second was a fish dish. The national dish was great but not super exciting but all the accompaniments were great. The fish was ok with great sides but I wish it was t mashed up so much. There is a lot of other promising looking dishes. The arepas are super. We had a chicken and beef empanada and the chicken was better.
4 I went for lunch. The arepas were delicious. The staff is super friendly and nice. The food is affordable and pretty authentic. They have really spruced up the place since Dimitris.
5 I randomly drove by this place and had to check it out. When my friend and I arrived, one of the owners took his time answering all of our questions, as we wanted to make the best out of our first time. He was patient and detailed and super friendly.  We ordered an arepa, which we enjoyed as it was yummy and not greasy and oily. We also had the bandejita paisa, which was a great idea for a variety of choices. A lot of different flavors in one dish--awesome And the homemade spicy salsa was AMAZING.   The owner even took time to talk about his culture, his history and background for opening the shop, and was just very welcoming all around. I felt like I was invited into his home and not just another restaurant. He even ran to the counter to say bye to us when we left. I loved it!  I work just down the street, so definitely going back with my colleagues!!
5 Excellent!  The owner has cleaned up the old Dmitiri's space and made it his own.  Order from the counter and relax while amazing, homestyle Venezuelan food is prepared.  I'm somewhat new to Venezuelan, but it seems to be similar to other Caribbean/Central American and not as hot-forward spicy as Mexican can be:  homestyle plates of meat/beans/rice, with sides of fried plantains and the ever-present arepas, empanadas, and pastels.  And all of it is wonderful.    We tried the Pabellon, an arepa, and an empanada.  The Pabellon is, according to the menu, the national dish of Venezuela, consists of a giant plate of shredded beef seasoned with garlic and not-hot peppers, cilantro rice, three slices of fried plantain, a small arepa, and a portion of black beans with a refried consistency and topped with a white cheese.  The arepa, which comes as a side with the Pabellon and other dishes, can also be stuffed and made into a sandwich.  We had one stuffed with ham, and it was delicious.  It is deep fried, like many items on the menu, but not at all greasy.  The outside comes out crisp while the inside is a nice, moist texture.  We also tried an empanada, which also comes filled with your choice of meat, and is deep fried.  The empanada and arepa are also served with guasacaca, which sounds somewhat foreboding but is actually a garlicky sauce made with green peppers and avocado and tastes great.   I'll definitely be going back!
5 I ate at La Taguara last night with my guy. We both loved it!  It is conveniently located on East Washington Ave. You enter their parking lot on Wright St.  The owner did a wonderful job decorating the restaurant. He clearly is proud of his Venezuelan roots. I enjoyed the streaming pictures of Venezuela on the TV monitors.  You order at the counter and they bring you the food. A lovely young woman stepped out from behind the counter and carefully described to us our options. She clearly had an emotional stake in the business doing well. She wasn't just going through the motions. She is a family friend of the owner. We were told that none of the dishes are spicy but they have a mild and hot sauce available on request.  We chose their two most popular dishes. "Pabellon"; black beans, rice, shredded beef, plantains and some cheese. The cheese is dry and crumbled. The dish is not cheesy which I really appreciated. The beef was moist and ever so flavorful. The rice was fluffy and everything had distinct flavors. It was truly delicious. next time I will go alone and try it with  pork which my guy does not eat.  The second dish contained my favorite component of both dishes, a sweet corn pancake. We paired it with shredded chicken. The pancake was "to die for". Sweet, a little crispy with a small amount of cheese which only enhanced the texture  of the pancake. This meal was served with a cilantro and garlic sauce. on the side. The name of the dish is Cachapa con Queso y Cochina Frito.  Each element stands on its on. Food is not piled together so you can truly taste the textures and flavors of each component. The restaurant is spotless, service friendly, waitstaff helpful and the prices were reasonable for the food you received. Our two dishes cost $25. I had a Mexican beer and my guy had passion fruit juice which was yummy.  Great for takeout. Go there in winter to warm your soul.
5 Welcome to the Bolivarian Republic of awesome.   For someone who took 8 years of Spanish between 7th grade and college, I knew embarrassingly little about Venezuela. So how did I learn a little more? How else but to order the pabellon, Venezuela's national dish? With the first bite of juicy, seasoned, roasted shredded beef, I am transported to Caracas and arrive on the beach, drinking a native Polar Beer. Gnawing that beef down with rice and black beans and fried plantain slices and an arepa (a crispy, doughy puff of heaven) and a couple empanadas, my Venezuelan journey is complete, and it cost less than $25.   The space is spotless, the service friendly beyond belief, and the rest of the menu is begging for me to sample it. I cannot wait to go back.
5 This is my new go-to spot for spicy food. A smattering of their mild sauce with a spoonful of food is spicier than any other restaurant I've found so far. Their hot sauce is some of the spiciest stuff I've had, anywhere.   They don't give you much, because they expect you to spread a bit on your whole dish, but they'll give you as much as you want if you ask, and it's amazing.
5 The food is delicious and the people working there are very nice. You have a chance to try authentic Venezuelan-Colombian dishes that are freshly cook. I will go there again and again.
5 A big nod to mojo to en coco. I may have found new foreign cuisine love. I never had Venezuelan dishes before. It turns out, they are down right delicious. And the hit sauce is down right hot and delicious.   At first my novio and I were stuck at the counter. We are both vegetarians, so it was difficult to make entree selections. But the family behind the counter was very helpful for giving us the right substitution and guiding through the menu. They are such nice people!! Wouldn't you love talking to the owners who are enthusiastic about introducing their culture?   Whatever you order, don't forget the two things: tamarindo + hot sauce = happiness.
5 My trip here was completely accidental as I thought it was still a sub-par gyro shop and never even bothered to look it's way! I'm definitely happy I did though. The staff was extremely friendly, the menu was interesting and very unique for Madison, and most importantly - the food was ridiculously good.   I ordered the sweet corn pancake stuffed with homemade cheese and a side of yucca fries. It was served with two sauces and a pile of fried pork. This was easily enough food to feed 2 people but somehow I managed to choke down every last bite.  The yucca fries were crisp and flavorful and the sauces paired with them perfectly. The sweet corn pancake was absolutely unlike anything I had tried before and I could have easily gone for seconds. I wasn't in love with the pork, but not because it wasn't tasty, I just wasn't feeling it that day.   Overall, the meal was just incredibly satisfying, packed with flavor, and felt every bit as fresh and from scratch as they claimed it was.    This is one of those restaurants where I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey, but if I remember correctly they had decent lunch deals posted.   This may be my favorite new Madison restaurant!
5 Visited based on other Yelpers.  Thank you people!!!!   I loved that the owner explained the dishes to me.  Made me want to try them all!  I am in town for one more night and will go back.  The fresh passion fruit juice was wonderful and I also thought the tamarind juice was great.  Tough decision.  Had the national dish of Venezuela.  Black beans, rice and beef.  Perfect comfort food on a cold November day.  Also tried the fried yucca.  Wonderful!!! Prices were so reasonable and portions are huge!
4 Honestly, I was not that enthusiast when my friends were suggesting this place for a farewell dinner for two friends leaving the States for good.  Arriving at around 7 PM, this restaurant was empty and was still empty until we were done with our dinner. Don't get me wrong- the food is GOOD. My hubby and I ordered Yuca for the appetizer and we got to try the fried plantain and both are equally good. For us, it's like reuniting with our Indonesian taste, as we have the exact same dishes of Yuca, which is actually cassava. The way they serve it is the same way like we have back home.  We also had empanadas and pastellino. The empanadas were okay, but not the best.  Our friends had Pabbellon, which came a jumbo version. It can be shared with two to three people, in fact. And they all liked it! Overall, this place serves a good selection of food and I'm sure I'll be back for their Yuca Fritta!
5 Love this place. I am familiar with Venezuelan cuisine from having studied abroad and returning again afterward, so I was thrilled to give it a try when La Taguara opened. Now that I have been there a few times I can say it will not let you down.   Authentic cuisine, delicious, reasonable prices, very friendly staff and the owner seems to always be there. A few days ago my family and I went to try out their traditional Christmas fare, and was not dissapointed. Even with the higher prices for the seasonal plates, 4 of us ate until we were completely stuffed to the gills, for about $75 including several drinks.    My favorites so far-  Cachapas, pabellon, empanadas, and of course the seasonally available Hallacas. Mmmm, navidad!  Service is counter-style. Walk up, peruse the menu and ask questions of the friendly service staff at the counter. Place your order, pay, and have a seat. The food is then brought out to your table.  In the questionaire below, it asks if this location has a TV.  I am going to answer yes because they do have 2 TVs, but they are (always?) playing a sort of Venezuelan slide-show. I like it, really. But I do not know if they occasionally show anything else on that or if it is even hooked up to cable.   My only regret is that I cannot order from La Taguara for delivery, and it's location is not exactly on the walking-around-Madison path. Please go try this wonderful little place!
4 Glad to say that this is an authentic South American restaurant. I had the Bandeja Paisa which was very similar to something I would find at a Colombian restaurant by the north side of Chicago (which is a good thing). The chorizo was flavorful, beans were great, and the meat was well seasoned. I also had a side salad with their house passion fruit dressing and that was delicious as well. My partner ordered the bistec encebollado, and that dish brought me memories of my grandmother's cooking. The empanadas were not my favorite. I am used to a crispier and harder shell. This restaurant offered a doughier empanada.  I was also not fond of the passion fruit juice, it was overwhelmingly sweet. However, all in all the main food components are delicious! I cannot wait to go back.
5 After having lived in South America and Central America and returning home to Madison, this place is our new favorite restaurant. The food is delicious and the owner is very friendly. We ordered the pabellon, Tequeños de Guayaba y Queso, and Papelon con Limon. Pabellon was delicious--black beans were very well seasoned, as was the meat. Tequenos de Guayaba y Queso tasted like funnel cakes, stuffed with ricotta cheese, and yummy fruit jelly. They were wonderful too. The lemonade was also refreshing.  Having eaten a lot of good food while living/traveling in Latin America, we are picky when it comes to good Latin American food. We are so happy that La Taguara is around.
5 Amazingly good food. I cant say that I am an expert on Venezuelan food but I am definitely a fan now. We had passed by this place on the way between work and hotel and decided to look it up here on yelp and saw the positive reviews and decided to give it a try. I can say we will definitely be back regularly. There were three of us and all of the orders looked more delicious than the others and everyone was completely happy with what they tried. I look forward to exploring the menu in the coming weeks and months.
5 Best Venezuelan food I have tried in a while.  A lot of different things on the menu to try even if you are a vegetarian. The service is good and the owner was there very friendly! I'll go back soon
4 WONDERFUL food! Flavorful, great portions, and friendly staff. The beef empanadas and #1 was the best. They were offering a Christmas special that looked amazing - I'll be back to try it!
5 We've been here twice now, and both times have been fantastic! The staff is sooooo friendly and helpful - explaining everything, and giving suggestions. The fried yucca is out of this world...we will order it every single time we go there, for sure. Very difficult for the hubby to decide if he likes the pork or beef better, so will likely always order an arepa of each. I have had the fried fish (YUM), and this last time tried their vegetarian arepa - somehow they have made eggplant to resemble pulled pork. The flavor and texture were sooooo good. Cheese empanada was quite tasty as well (and quite chzy!!). Tamarind and passion fruit juices are both delicious. We will be back again and again and again.
4 Located along East Washington, almost by the East Towne Mall, lies this unassuming little shop in the strip mall. Sadly, it was very quiet when we visited for weekend dinner. However, this might be a great place for large group outings, as we did with 8 people. Also, you can make reservations ahead of time. Cheap food, large and spacious, delicious tidings - great for a large gathering! Also, they have parking in the strip mall, so no worries about parking!  There is no waiter service and seems more like a take-out style manner; you head to the counter and make your order, and head back there to collect your food when it's ready.   Food: Fried plaintains - very good and savory. Fried yucca - not my favorite. It was kind of fibrous... Bandeja Paisa - had several kinds of pork. As a pork lover, this is obviously my choice. I loved the fried pork belly! But the rest of the meat selection was kind of dry. Large enough to share with my boyfriend! Papelon con Limon - delicious drink to go with the meal. Sweet and sour sugarcane drink! Ducellitos and Nutellitos - these cute little empanadas are awesome for dessert. one per mouth and off they go!   La Taguara is a little far for me, but I will venture out to the far East to grab me some Ducellitos and Nutellitos. P.S., I tried some of my friend's #1 dish. It was awesome!! (was doubtful of the beans, but it's actually really tasty!)
5 Excellent food. Locally family-run.  The price is right with heap loads of food so you're not going home hungry.  The only negative is the parking lot is tiny. Give it a try!
4 First time for Venezuelan and not the last, this place was awesome. Great food, family friendly, and the owner is great.. You could tell he really enjoyed teaching you about his food. I had the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito for 11.99 - Sweet corn pancakes filled with artisan handcrafted Venezuelan cheese, crispy pork  accompanied with nata and guasacaca. ... I'd like to try everything on the menu but this was so good it's going to be hard to order anything else.
4 The cachapa dish is really flavorful and loaded with food. For $12 it is pretty pricey as far as Venezuelan goes, but they really deliver a tasty portion with the pork and cachapa.   Arepas are okay-- nothing spectacular. Slightly bland, but the corn cake itself is very crisp (which is a plus for me). Fillings of pork and cheese were generous, just nothing about the flavor really stood out.  Soups were pretty good, both the beef and chicken. Empanadas are really good though, and at $6.99 for two empanadas and a soup, the lunch special is the way to go.  Really a neat ethnic restaurant in Madison-- unpretentious: order at counter, no table service, but very friendly and helpful if you do not know what to order.
4 I went to give this place a try since it has many good reviews. I asked for two arepas (shredded beef and chicken) both meats were ok, the arepas were too thick and no flavor at all, I had them with a side of rice and black beans ( they were good). My hubby had the Pabellon and he liked it. We also tried the Tamarindo and the passion fruit juices and they were very good, being from Central America I know what they really taste natural and those juices were the real thing. I have to mention that the lady at the counter ( I am guessing she is one of the owners) was very friendly, it was our first time and she guided us through the whole menu and we really appreciated that. We would come back to try other items.
4 Delicious Venezuelan food! My bf and I ordered the Bandeja Paisa, Tostones and the Cachapa con Queso y Cochino Frito.  Service was great. The staff helped us with our orders and made sure it was to our liking. We didn't have room for dessert, but we'll be back for more!
4 La taguara even though on a prominent street is a little hidden.  But once you find it its great.  So when we entered we were greeted by a guy, who asked us if we had ever been there. Upon hearing " No," he went on to explain the menu and it even has the favorites highlighted- very useful, and very friendly.   You order and then take a seat.   I started with the Sugar Cane juice- I was NOT a fan. It happens when you try a new cuisine, there are going to be things you do not like. It was still interesting, and you could tell well made. But that was the only thing that I did not like.  I tried tostones, a pork arepa, and a beef empanada. All delicious. Tostones- got to love fried plantains. Arepas is why you go to this place- not really available any where else. The beef empanada was not the kind I was use too it has a thicker almost bread like dough, but was still yummy.  But better than all of them was a green sauce that is served along with it- I could consume that my the gallons.   I was with others who's dishes I picked at were incredible as well, some of tastings included: friend sweet plantains ( yum), crispy pork belly ( salty in a good way), and re fried beans ( best I have had).   Overall I would go back there more often- if it was not such a haul for me living west of the capital. Its definitely worth one trip though.
5 My husband and I had dinner here for the first time this evening. We decided we needed to try someplace neither of us had ever been and saw this was well-reviewed. The outside of the building is easy to miss, but inside it is clean and bright.  As it was our first trip, we took the helpful suggestions provided at the counter. We got tequenos (kind of like mozzarella sticks) to start. They were good and the green onion sauce was a hit with my husband.  For entrees we had the pabellon and cachapa con queso y cochino frito. The pabellon was good, shredded beef on a layer of perfectly cooked rice. The side of sweet plantains were wonderful as were the black beans. The cachapa was really fantastic though. The sweet, crispy corn pancake filled with cheese was amazing. The guasacaca (bright green cilantro sauce) was the best part, in my opinion.   We're looking forward to going again soon. I'll get my own papelon con limon (sugar cane juice) next time and definitely try out some other dishes.   Our total bill (2 large entrees, an appetizer, 2 beverages) was just shy of $40.
5 I'd never had Venezuelan food until recently, and I have to say it was a pleasant surprise. The dishes here have some interesting, unique flavors and the staff is very helpful and informative when it comes to choosing something off the menu. To start I ordered the tostones, which are fried plantains served with a guasacaca sauce. The guasacaca sauce is awesome, I love the garlicky flavor. My entrée was the  Bandeja Paisa dish since it seems to be one of the more popular choices. It consists of steak,  pork belly,  chorizo, sunny side up egg, plantain and rice, pinto beans and avocado. It's also served with this little fried corn masa; that was one of my favorite components of the dish. On my next visit I had an arepa stuffed with pernil, a pork roast, that was very satisfying. I also ordered a lemonade the first time I went but was given a tamarind juice. I didn't say anything only because I ended up really liking the tamarind flavor. I would like to go here during the lunch specials as the prices seem very decent.
5 What a find!  Stopped by on road trip from Atl. to Mpls. Great arapas.  And soup too.
5 Been here twice within a week. This is my new favorite place. If you ask for the owner's recommendation, he will tell you about the two most popular dishes. Both are incredible, but the second choice is what I urge you to choose. It is absolutely sublime. Viva La Taguara.
4 I visited La Taguara because I love arepas and I was well pleased with the options I had there. I ordered two, one black bean and one shredded eggplant. The black bean option was a messy, delicious, classic. The shredded eggplant was an unknown to me when I ordered it and it turned out to be amazing. The eggplant was treated similar to pulled pork and was bursting with savory, flavorful sauce.  I sampled the pancake part of the cachapa con queso and it was amazing. It was much sweeter and more corn-flavored than the arepa dough, and I'm tempted to order a cachapa with black beans or eggplant in the future to see if they would do it. That's not to say the arepa dough wasn't awesome too, just different.   We also sampled the juices, and though I'm not a big juice drinker, I'd definitely go for the passion fruit or tamarind if you are. The tostones were decent, but in the future I'd probably skip them to save room for arepas.   The main downside: the atmosphere is essentially that of a fast food chain. This is perhaps good, as it's embarrassing to drip sauces down your chin, hands, and fingers at a finer dining establishment (and with arepas, you will), but I'd love to see the harsh, commercial edges softened in favor of warmer, more welcoming furnishings and decor. The service is very friendly and welcoming; I hope someday the atmosphere is as well!
5 This place is amazing! Went with a big group and we all got something different so I got to taste many dishes. Everything was delicious.  The owner is so nice, informative,and passionate about his food! Can't wait to come back!
4 Excellent first experience here on Friday, April 25, 2014. Our friends, Paul & Sallie, suggested we give this place a try before heading to a show at Kiki's House of Righteous Music, and boy am I glad we went!  - Smallish parking lot - Interior has "cafeteria" feel to it - hard chairs, plain tables, very bright + Super friendly and helpful staff - very personable and offered great suggestions  + Menu posted on wall above order/cashier area + Printed menus available + GREAT selection of Mexican, Central American, and South American beers - wow!  + The food. AMAZING. Clearly all house-made, fresh, and absolutely delightful. + Rompe Colchon - essentially shrimp ceviche with fried plantain chips and a wonderful pico de gallo. I could've eaten an entire bathtub full of this stuff. + and - Bandejita Paisa - a massive overall platter of assorted meats, along with rice, an over easy egg, avocado, and beans. The meats were a bit meager in portion, although SUPER tasty and flavorful. The steak was very thin, and about the diameter of a piece of bologna. The chorizo was about the size of a quarter of a standard brat. The french-cut fried pork belly piece was maybe the size of a Fritos Scoop chip. The thick plantains were wonderfully seasoned; the copious amount beans were delicious; the huge pile of rice made for a nice bed for the over easy egg.  + Accepts credit cards   I can't wait to return. We also sampled some of our friend's meals, and each was better than the other. Just superb. Go. Go now.
5 There food was delicious. I got the corn pancakes with cheese in the middle and fried pork on the side. My dad ordered the plantains with shrimp on the side. Both were very excellent and the girl working the counter was very patient with us. Lovely service!
5 Found this place on Yelp and was not dissapointed. Dining area is small but very clean. Personal was friendly and my food came out pretty fast. I ordered Pabellon and this dish was really good. It is a lot of food on 1 plate. Meat was perfectly cooked. I will be back to try some more items on the menu.
5 I had never been here, but decided to give it a try based on Yelp reviews. Friendly and fast service, seemed like a family place.   Nice cafe style dining room was simple, yet inviting.  Had the pabello, which was I was told was the number one seller.  This entree was excellent.   Portion was quite large (but so am I and did not have much for lunch), but was well presented.   The beans were well seasoned, rice was perfect, the beef was some of the best I have had.  Topped with semi-sweet plantains:  better than formal desert.  Give it a try!
5 I am Venezuelan and I am just visiting Madison from Miami. I stopped by to see if this was any original Venezuelan food and out of sheer curiosity and I can tell you this was delicious and fresh ! Very legit and big portions I was so happy to eat some of my home food in Wisconsin. 10 out of 10 will come back. Try the mojito which is fish done in a coconut sauce shredded up trust me you will be amazed at how delicious the is !
4 Went back and had the bistec encebollado. Super delicious. Loved the beans and rice most of all. I still really liked the passion fruit dressing as well. It would be appreciated if they organized a wait staff. I'm not too fond of the "ordering at the counter" method and helping yourself to everything. I like to enjoy my dinner and not having to get up several times to get things that I forget I need (utensils, napkins, refills, etc.)
4 This is an order at the counter restaurant.   The food is high quality and so are the drinks, which they make in-house (passion fruit juice, tamarindo, etc.)  Get the churros for dessert, which dulce de leche and chocolate sauce dipping.   Diddo on what others were raving about, too.   East Washington on this side of town needs more restaurants like this!
4 After my recent visit to La Tagura, I am tempted to change their Yelp category to Soul Food.  While it doesn't fit the strict culinary definition of soul food, the food served here truly satisfies the soul of those who consume it.  And with each flavor-filled bite, it's obvious that the kitchen is putting their heart and soul into each dish they prepare.  I appreciate how the restaurant extracted so much flavor from the food despite working with the simplest of ingredients.  If you appreciate this style of cooking, it worth making the trip to Madison's north side.    The restaurant is a bare bones operation; don't expect pictures of the interior to show up in the next issue of Martha Stewart Living.  The interior is small with clean golden yellow walls, decorated with various Venezuelan knick-knacks.  A muted flat screen mounted on the wall shows a looping slideshow of pictures from Venezuela.  The standard issue table and chairs and the drop ceiling also fit right into the basic diner décor theme.    You order at the counter and they call out your number when your food is ready.  The owner asked us if we had eaten at La Taguara before.  When we said we had not, he enthusiastically provided us with a guided tour of the menu.  He pointed out the most popular items on the menu and deftly explained the differences between arepas, empanadas and pastelitos.     I decided to go with the pernil (roasted pork) arepa lunch special ($7.99), which included a choice of soup or salad.  The soup option I selection, the sancocho, was a combination of vegetables, beef and chicken in a delightfully flavorful broth and helped awaken my taste buds for the rest of my meal.  The arepa is a Venezuelan version of the pita sandwich.  The pocket bread is made from a white corn meal fried on the grilled behind the front counter.  While the exterior was not crispy, it still provided a pleasant textural contrast with the shredded pork interior.  Like the soup, the pork was expertly prepared, fork-tender and well seasoned.  It was a wee bit dry but that was quickly remedied by added the tantalizing guasacaca sauce to the sandwich.  If you have never tried this staggeringly tasty combination of avocado, fresh parsley and coriander, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, salt, oil and vinegar, get off your hindquarters and make a beeline to La Taguara.  It alone is worthy of a pilgrimage to this north side eatery.  My dining companion, who grew up in Bolivia, was equally impressed with his order of Pabellon (black beans, white cheese, shredded beef, rice and deep fried sweet plantain and an arepa).  I am not alone in my enthusiasm for the food at La Taguara.  There was a steady flow of customers streaming through the restaurant on a Tuesday lunch service.  Do yourself a favor and join them.
1 Bad first experience here.  I am learning Spanish in school, and I was on assignment to set out to eat some good food from an authentic place. I brought the bf.  One small family ahead of me. Everyone is speaking Spanish and that's OK--because I can get through while ordering food without having to speak any English.  The woman behind the counter was pleasant enough. She repeated the order and it was clear the bf and I wanted two deserts, which had to be paid for first (man, I saw it coming, sigh). I am not a fan of places where you pay before you order, including tip. Two entrees, and two desserts with tip was almost fifty bux. We gave you a large tip thinking maybe that would proactively help when it came to service.   Still, just the bf and I and a group of 4 or 5 at another table. It didn't help the wife was giving us the stink eye. While the people working there made us feel like we belonged the other patrons did the opposite. I ordered what Steve L did. I didn't think it was that good.   At any rate, our deserts were forgotten and people seemed to disappear while cleaning. Half an hour after eating and nothing. I had to go over and try to find someone.  Bad service and mediocre food that was highly overpriced. NO one was there! What was the problem? I can make rice and beans with shredded meat with a hard boiled egg on top at home and remember to make myself dessert too. Super disappointed. I had high hopes.
5 We stopped by here after looking for something close as we were just outside of the Capitol region.  This is a very good place that I would return to at anytime.  There is a small parking lot in front but you can't make a direct left turn in or left turn out when you leave.  They asked us if we had come here before and when we admitted we hadn't, the young lady hostess explained the main things people order and different we combinations that are complementary rather than repeating the same things.  Someone else had ordered the pabellon and the cachapa, so the staff person showed us what it was.  We went with the pabellon (without egg) along with an arepa.  We chose the potato chicken salad with avocado rather than the shredded beef or black beans since it was already a part of the pabellon.  They also checked to see if we were really hungry since the pabello tends to be big.    Since it wasn't that busy they told us that they would either call our number to pick up at the counter or they would bring it to our table.  Well, ours came to the table and the plate was pretty heavy since she spilled a few drops of the beans.  The pabellon was filled all the way to the side with black beans, white rice, corn cake, 3 sliced deep fried plantains, and a good portion of the shredded beef.  The server was also nice enough to ask if we wanted an extra plate since we were pretty obvious about sharing our meal.    The arepa was pretty well stuffed with the potato chicken salad which also contained boiled carrots.  The corn cake was well toasted to give it good texture and hold up the filling.  The guasacaca sauce has plenty of cilantro, which I definitely like.  I went up to get some of the passion fruit juice as well since it was a fitting complement to the meal.  It was quite sweet so I had to water it down with plenty of ice.  Overall, the place is very welcoming for first time visitors and will make you want to come back soon!
4 Delicious!  With kids away at camp, we were able to get out on a Friday night.  This place hit the spot.  A number of cars in the lots, but plenty of seating in the small dining area.  Walked right up to the cjnter and we like others were asked if ever been before.  the hostess then walked us through the menu.  We ordered their top dish, pabellon and a pabellon a caballo.  Anndd delicious.  Enjoyed with a Polar beer and as we were finishing up the place was nearly full.  A great casual meal.  We will return to explore the rest of the menu.
5 I have 4 words:  You must eat here!!!!!!!! Seriously! And for so many reasons.  The Venezuelan husband and wife team who own/run La Taguara are just too fantastic to even be believed - warm, genuine, helpful, hospitable and man alive, can they create beautiful food. Everything was so authentic and they are truly trying to educate people on the food of their culture & share some of their passion for it.  We started with the Queso Frito (fried cheese) appetizer. It was so incredible I wished we'd ordered 2. They make the cheese by hand in-house. It's insane!!!!!!!! Trust me, order it. Early & often. You'll be so happy you did. We got to sample their 3 flavors of juices and we very much look forward to ordering the passion fruit blend sometime. Crazy flavorful & just the right about of tart.    My husband had the Pabellon a Caballo and he loved everything about it, especially the pork as it was so flavorful & tender. I had the Bandejita Paisa. It was delicious! And I have to say, I was so surprised that I enjoyed the plantains so much. The pork belly was crisp & flavorful. I stuffed the arepa with a slice of seasoned beef, avocado and rice.  There was no room for dessert. But we'll be back again. And again. And again.
