5 Great customer service and the food was fantastic! Had the sopapilla sizzle which I highly recommend, the rice was amazing and had a ton of flavor.
5 The CC Sizzle Sopapilla is like an Indian fry bread taco I had many years ago in Oklahoma. Meat is seasoned well and the Sopapilla was nice and fluffy. I also ordered the Bunuelos which my kids devoured in seconds, too bad this place closes so early, I could see this place being the go to munchy spot for all the "tobacco" smokers who frequent the smoke shop next door.
4 I bought a yelp deal ($10 for $20) a few months back for this place not knowing they weren't open yet. Kind of frustrating that they would post the deal and not even be open, but it did say at the bottom of the yelp listing it was "coming soon" so I will take the blame. Their Facebook page said they would be opening the following month, but that never happened. I reached out to Café Casera by e-mail to see if they had any updates on when they would be opening. The owner responded promptly and said they were working out some last minute things and should be open soon and they would let me know when they opened. The owners word was kept, I received a e-mail letting me know they were opening and ready for customers. It took me a couple weeks after receiving the e-mail to make my way over, but with as long as I waited already what was a couple more weeks?   Walking in hubby and I were greeted and given menus right away. originally, we planned to eat inside the restaurant, but the fountain machine wasn't set up yet and they only had cans of soda ($1) and bottled water ($1.25) so we decided to order our food to-go and get drinks from a gas station. What a bummer because they had Cherry Coke! I spoke with one of the owners, Julie who said they were waiting for the "Coke man" to come hook it up. I had a wonderful conversation with Julie who also introduced me to her husband and mother-in-law. I could tell while talking to Julie, just how genuinely passionate her and her family are about the food they are serving. She told me how they are there at 5 am each morning making everything from scratch including the corn and flour tortillas that are all personally made by her mother-in-law.   Some of the menu items here will be something you have seen before at other restaurants, but I promise you Café Casera puts there own twist on each dish and I personally haven't ever tasted anything like it. I have never heard of "Sizzle" which is the specialty here, so I obviously had to try it!   Sizzle Tacos ($7.95) - Seasoned ground pork and beef, onions, cabbage and cheese sauce inside 2 crunchy taco shells. The taco shells tasted amazing! They had such a fresh flavor and weren't greasy at all. The stuff inside the shell is an acquired taste for sure. I thought it was alright, but can't say I would order it again. Hubby took a bite and thought it was the best thing out of everything we ordered and he ended up switching me his Bean & Cheese Burrito for it. The burrito was so good! The flour tortillas here aren't your average flour tortilla, they are a bit thicker. The beans and rice were great. The beans are thick and the rice has a nice flavor, nothing dry or mushy about it.  Cheese Quesadilla ($2.25) - The menu says it is grilled with Colby cheese inside, but honestly it tasted more like Velveeta cheese. The cheese was very pasty. The tortilla was kind of burnt on the outside too. After two bites I was done, I just didn't like it.   Sopaipilla ($2.75) - Yes! This was great. I have had different versions, but not one like this before. They put cinnamon and powdered sugar on it and it can easily be shared. It does have a sweet flavor, so if sweet things aren't your style you can try one plain. I enjoyed the sweet flavor and would order it again.   As I sat there waiting for my food to be prepared, I noticed the menu boasted that the dishes were prepared with a "New Mexico Flair" so if you want green chile they can add it for 75 cents. It confused me because if the dish is prepared with New Mexico Flair, wouldn't it already have the green stuff in it? Julie was kind enough, because I forgot to order the chile on my tacos, to give me 2 free sides of it. This was awesome green stuff indeed! Hubby was just eating it with a fork, cold and all. I do wish the chile came warm and was already included with the food, since the food is prepared when you order it, a customer could just say they don't want it on there. Oh well they were gooooood!  The inside was very clean and the decor was nice. There are about 4 tables inside if you don't want to take your food to-go. Café Casera also offers breakfast burritos on their menu. Purchase a yelp deal and give this family run business a try!   Mon - Sat .... 7 am until 10 pm Sunday - Closed
5 Came here to check out this business after my sister recommended it and said she wanted Nachos! The workers are so friendly and the food is yummy and delicious! Come out and support this business! We will be back for more. :) Thank you!
3 Came here for dinner. The inside was clean but they seem to have a few kinks to work out. One of the employees brought a menu and explained some of the food. The soda fountain wasn't working and I wasn't going to pay $1.25 for a bottle of water so the food was packed for take out instead of eating inside. The woman who took the order said they were having some issues getting the man out to hook up the machine. She also said they had a lot of delays in even opening at all. She seemed nice enough and appeared to mean well. Like I said they just have some kinks to work out.  My wife purchased a yelp deal... $10 for $20 and even though they changed the deal to $5 for $10, they honored what was purchased. The tortillas here are weird. The texture and taste remind me of the shell they use on Gorditas at Taco Bell. It wasn't dry or anything but I didn't care for it. I like a more traditional tortilla. The quesadilla wasn't very good. It was a tad overcooked and the cheese was funky. The rice has a good taste... kind of like they maybe cooked it with chicken stock? It was good. The beans had a good flavor but not in the bean and cheese burrito. I think it goes back to the tortillas here I'm not find of. I had a sizzle taco and really liked it. It was different and the taco shell was great. We shared a big white fluffy sweet thing for dessert. The name I don't remember but it was damn good. It reminded me of something I would eat at a carnival or some sort of fry bread. I wouldn't drive far to eat here but when in the neighborhood I would stop by for sizzle tacos.
5 just went there for the first time.. got the combo burrito.. it came with 2 burritos and beans and rice.. really enjoyed the meal.. it was fresh and had little to no grease which was a big plus for me.. will be coming back regularly
5 Came here to eat while visiting family. I am hooked! The food is amazing especially the CC Sizzle. Everything here is homemade and there's nothing like it. I have been craving it since I returned home. The service was great too. Everyone was super friendly.  I wish we had a Cafe Casera here in Southern Oregon! Will definitely be back for more next time I am in Vegas.
5 We went here last week. I'm a huge fan of New Mexican food. It was great. We both got the CC Sizzle. We got the quesadilla for my two year old off the kids' menu.  Even that was really good. The tortilla was homemade. It was fresh and made to order. We'll be going back here often.
5 This place is amazing!!! It is pretty small so it seems like more of a to go kind of place, but we decided to eat there and everything was great! The staff was so nice and welcoming. The food was soooo good!!! Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants I've ever been to here in Vegas! I got bean and cheese burritos with enchilada sauce on the top and though it might seem like an easy meal to make it was above and beyond any burrito I've had, you could definitely tell everything was homemade! My fiancé had the sopapilla CC Sizzle and he said the same thing avout his meal. My one suggestion is if you are ordering to go make sure you give yourself about 20-30 minutes as everything is made fresh so it takes a while, but totally worth it!
5 The food was great and the price was right. You can tell the owners really take pride in their food; they told us all about its New Mexico heritage. Overall, we enjoyed our visit.
4 I ordered the sopaipilla. It was recommended by the owner. It was very good! The meat was very tasty! I'm definitely going back!
4 Went back again for the Sopapilla and it was half the size as the first time I went! It was still good but it it was also not as flavorful. Maybe it's was a different cook. I also found that the internet has items on the menu that aren't available to order, that was a disappointment as I really wanted the chips with queso blanco and New Mexico green chiles.   If this place wants to succeed they need to work on consistency, other than that I really like this place, hope they do well.
5 Excellent homemade Mexican food! Homemade chips, salsa, tortillas. Family owned and operated.
5 Tried this place after reading the fabulous Yelp reviews and we were not let down! Everything is homemade, even the tortillas, and you can taste that in every bite. The decor is simple, clean, and beautiful. It is a family owned restaurant and everyone is so nice!   We will definitely be back :)
5 Seriously so delicious....we tried a little bit of everything and it was all so good. The salsa is delicious...the chips are coated in this red chili powder that add just the right amount of flavor. The sizzler burrito is amazing..the sizzler tacos were bomb..and the sizzler sopaipilla was next level. You need to try this if you haven't.
5 Food is AMAZING try the CC Sizzle sopapilla style, seriously FOODGASM! Fresh with tasty tortilla chips, meat, and sauce!!! So delicious, juicy, savory, and the sopapilla is soft yet crunchy. The food is SUPER filling!!! Be careful, your ass is going to be a fart bomb after eating this. Hahah!  Ohhh in addition they give 20 percent off teachers and first responders :)   Service is fantastic, they gave us a sample of the cc sizzle on a nacho prior, which is VERY RARE in food places nowadays! So thank you for that, a few nacho samples and we bought 4 orders and a dessert! Sopapilla dessert is yummy I wish they had ice cream (it's coming soon)! The gentleman was so nice!!!! Plus they had a cute little helper.   I recommend you to go here if you like good food. If you like bad food, go to Taco Bell or something. Haha
5 Yummy! I had the cc sizzle sopapilla style. The beans are awesome, the rice good, the meat tasty with some spice.
5 Finally! I've lived in Las Vegas for ten years and have yet to find quality Mexican food. I've tried Cafe Casera twice and have been more than satisfied. Nothing in the valley compares to the quality and deliciousness of the restaurant. The enchiladas with green sauce are unlike anything else around. This is my new go-to for Mexican food!
4 Great Find.  Get a Sopapilla Today!  When I was growing up my Parents took me to a Mexican restaurant that specialized in Sopapillas.  Since we left that town I haven't seen one since.  This place has them and they are just as good as I remember.  It's kind of like a Chalupa but bigger and better.
5 Mmmm! All 6 of us left stuffed and happy!   Everything here is fresh, from scratch, from the tortillas to the yummy, smokey corn chips. The family who owns the place is incredibly kind and accommodating. Honestly, I don't even like mexican food but the ingredients, service, and homey feel won me over. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular.
3 This wasn't my favorite place, but it might be better for someone else. I guess give it a try...
4 Great new cafe! Very friendly and authentic environment! Would definitely recommend it and visit again! Thank you cafe casera!
4 Came here for lunch. Friendly service. Tried the CC Sizzle sopaipilla. Yum! The fry bread is good, I even liked the beans - I usually don't eat them. The cabbage on top adds a bit of sweetness.  Friend liked the green chile sauce on hers.  Good deal, wish the soda machine worked!  Its a cool family run place - try it!
5 Hand down the BEST Mexican food I have ever had. I am from Southern California visiting my grandparents and no Mexican food at or near home even compares. I highly suggest you try this place. You will not be disappointed!
4 OK... So I'm actually writing this review while waiting for my food at this place. Obviously, this is pertaining to my first visit, which was yesterday. Considering I'm here again, it's already a given that my experience at this place is very good.   Location -  this Mexican joint is located in a strip mall right next to a gas station, hair salon, and a brand new bar. Most of the businesses in this location are brand new and starting up. The strip mall itself is located in a residential area deep in the south side of town (Jones and Robindale)   Restaurant - it's a little hole in the wall but the place is very inviting. Very simple and the staff (which I'm assuming is the family that owns it) is very friendly. They explained the menu and introduced me to their house specials.   Food -  their house dishes are called "CC Sizzle" and you get to choose what style it comes in. You can get it in either nacho, burger, burrito, taco and their own house signature, the sopaipilla. All dishes come with rice and beans. Everything is made to order. They roll the dough in front of you and prepare their tortillas on site which is pretty cool. I had the burrito style during my first visit. It comes with 2 medium size burritos which is a huge meal  on its own right. I left very satisfied and stuffed...   Just a heads up. The place has only been open for 2 months I believe and the owner told me they're still working on the little things. With that said, their drinks are a la carte ' at the moment from a little fridge behind the counter. They have a fountain machine set up but it's not yet operational.   Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, especially if you're in the neighborhood. It's quick, fresh and food is delicious. If you're craving simple Mexican food, it's a go to spot.
5 This place truly could not be better. I came here for dinner with some family after reading some good yelp reviews. Upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the owner's father. He brought out chips & salsa for the table immediately and answered all of our questions about the menu. The food was insanely delicious - I had the CC Sizzle sopaipilla style. It was so good that I devoured the entire thing, which left me in a ridiculous food coma - but so so worth it. The rest of the family loved their meals as well. Before we left, the cook came out and placed warm sopaipillas covered in cinnamon on our table & said they were "on the house". Once again, delicious. As we were leaving, we paid & tipped our lovely waiter. Much to our surprise, he did not even want the tip! After some insisting though, he did kindly accept. He went above & beyond to make his son's customers happy and that alone was enough to bring us back here. Try this place - you won't be disappointed!
3 Today was our first time at Cafe Casera and everyone was very friendly and welcoming. I think there's a lot of potential, but there are a few things to iron out.  We really like supporting mom & pop type restaurants and have been to Albuquerque on many occasions, so we're very familiar with New Mexican cuisine.  We started off with chips & salsa, which had good flavor, but was a bit on the mild side for us. $3.25 for chips & salsa is a bit on the steep side as well considering the vast majority of restaurants offer them complimentary.  We had the CC Sizzle sopapilla which was a little disappointing. The sopapilla was very dense and a lot more like Navajo fry bread than a light, fluffy and airy pillow of love that we've come to expect from a good sopapilla. Also, I was expecting a stuffed sopapilla, rather than it being folded taco style, with very little meat.  The CC Sizzle meat was quite good and we really liked the flavors. However, for $8 I think it was really lacking in the quantity department and was pretty skinny for my liking. Look at my pictures, there is a little bit of meat below all that cabbage. We had them add Hatch green chiles, add $1, and would've liked a few more of those as well. The rice & beans were pretty standard fair.  Worth going to? Yes, but I definitely think there is some room for improvement.
4 I purchased a groupon awhile back when they first opened and I'm finally getting around to using it. This place is located in a very small strip mall behind the gas station. The Christmas lights strung in the window is what caught my eye and led me here.   We were warmly greeted by a husband and wife team. We were the only diners at the time, he gave us a very thorough run down of the menu items and had suggested the CC Sizzle, we picked Nacho Style. This was delicious. It was a blend of meat with onions, cabbage and cheese over their homemade tortilla chips. Our second item was the Green Chile Enchiladas, made with Hatch green chili's and chicken with creamy chili's sauce. I couldn't decide which one I liked more.   We ended the meal with Sopaipillas. Probably one of the best I've ever tasted. I like mine with honey, and they had a few different types to choose from.   This place is really casual. Even if you're dining in, your food is served in styrofoam to go container. The soda fountain wasn't working when we were there, bummer, I like a nice cold Coke when I'm eating Mexican food (only time I like soda). The owners were really nice, he was telling us all about where they're from in NM. I'm definitely planning to return and try some of their other dishes.
5 I am so happy I discovered this little gem as it is walking distance from my house. Everything here is fresh and made from scratch, but most importantly the family who owns the place is so sweet and passionate about what they produce.
2 Excellent rice. Really tough tortillas, hard to chew. CC Sizzle too spicy, made my nose run! Ok beans. Ok bunuelos. Very filling. Disappointing after reading all the good reviews. Maybe I just caught them on an off day? I wanted to like it after reading their history and finding out about the homemade tortillas and chips.
5 Deeeeeeeelish! I love this mom and pop place. Salsa is to die for! (Bit spicy but flavorful!) Staff is friendly, decor is cute, restaurant is clean. Totes gets 5 stars
4 Excellent! The CC Sizzle is delicious. I meant to share it with the hubby but it tasted so good ... I finished the whole thing! Hubby had the Chilaquiles. It was tasty but the eggs were scrambled so not my favorite. They make everything from scratch so we had to wait a bit for our food but it was worth it!
5 Recommended: [traditional chicken tacos, green chicken enchiladas]   Comments:   Finally some great Mexican that's close. The style is not like the typical Mexican around town. The owner said it was New Mexican style. As mentioned before, tortillas are handmade and delicious.   We didn't order the CC Sizzle menu items this time, despite the owner mentioning that it was their signature dish. We're looking forward to trying that next time.
5 This is definitely a unique Mexican food experience. Everything here is handmade which I learned today makes all the difference.  The flavors of everything were so intense and layered. Mom and pop owned for sure, a very friendly family. Prices were ridiculously affordable too. Must try!!!
5 CC Sizzle on a sopapilla was awesome.  Like a super flavorful puffy taco.  The wife had the chicken tacos and mentioned the fresh tasting corn tortillas.  We also got a cheese quesadilla and chips and salsa.  Everything was fantastic.   Also, the guy and lady working there were super nice and polite the whole time, major points for that.  I'll be returning.
5 Love the place! So friendly, and they definitely make the money worth it! I'm not a fan of beans, but because of this place, I love beans now. Their dishes are a good enough portion for two. I get the CC Sizzle Nachos, but the rest of the CC Sizzle dishes are just as delicious. It just depends on your preference on how you want to eat it, whether in a burrito, tacos, etc... Great place! Went there on its first opening, and I come back all the time!
4 Another gem popped up in the SW :)  Family owned and operated, the food is described as New Mexican.  It's nice to have Mexican food that's a little nicer than the typical Roberto's style places around.
5 I won't rate a restaurant until I've tried it at least a couple times but this place is simply amazing. I've also been having them deliver to my work almost every other night since I can't leave the office. I can't stop, the food is so good! Friendly service, awesome food, simple menu. My kinda place. P.S. The delivery guys are always sooo nice, and super fast!
4 What a great local restaurant.   I've had my eye on Cafe Casera for a while after hearing that a New Mexican restaurant has opened near me.   The husband and wife behind the counter were friendly and happy to explain their menu when we walked in. They went into detail about their family recipes with pride, so we were excited once we ordered.  The food was as good as we expected. Spicy and flavorful. I ordered the green chile chicken enchiladas and my fella had the CC sizzler on sopapilla. The homemade tortillas, chile and sopapillas were amazing. I can't wait to make this place a regular spot on my restaurant rotation. I'll be back again soon to try more of their menu.
5 I'm on an extended business trip and have a rental about a mile from here. I come in about every other day for very gratifying and deeply nourishing food. The people here are lovely and warm, the space is clean and bright. This is probably now my favorite place in Vegas and I'm happy to share it with you.
5 Great food!! Everything is made fresh, nothing pre-made. May take a while to get food as they cook to order. Try their desserts, again, freshly made.
5 we love going here - The first time we stopped by everyone was so friendly and we got the CC Sizzle Nachos - I think those are my favorite. Boy were we surprised when we ordered the burritos - we ordered 2 thinking they would be like Taco Bell or smaller and come to find out they are a good size and you get  2 with an order so we ended up with 4 burritos. Those are great by the way heated up the next day. This is definitely one of our favorite places and we will return again. Try it out - you'll love it. Everything is made to order and the tortillas are handmade along with the chips. You can't go wrong here
5 CC sizzle burrito is delish- the meat is flavorful with a slight kick, not too spicy. The tortillas are freshly made and it's apparent. Great service, & friendly atmosphere.
5 This place is really incredible. Great New Mexican-style food, good prices, and very friendly service. The CC Sizzle "Burrito Style" is my favorite entree so far. You can't beat homemade tortillas this good!
5 Stop searching through yelp reviews and go here now. This incredibly flavorful New Mexican food is made from scratch and will blow you away. Don't come here expecting some typical Mexican joint regardless of a typical looking menu. This is a mom and pop restaurant with some seriously delicious recipes.
