4 Very nice, good selection and friendly staff behind the counter.   I don't know what my little nugget ordered but it was good and chocolatey !   The place is DEFINATELY hard to find but well worth it.  Owners please post up more signs for your location as this place could definately be a dessert contender!
4 Cute little pastry shop near the main hotel elevators at MGM. They have pastries, pies and cakes. Had the lemon pie and it was delicious. Not too sweet and just the right amount of tartness. They even serve coffee albeit in only one size. Great for late night sweet or morning pastry.
3 Adorable little pastry shop that is hidden by the elevators. I wouldn't have known about it, but I saw a flashing ad for cupcakes at Corner Cakes down by the shopping area and I was on a mission to find them!  I got 4 cupcakes which supposedly saved me a few bucks (I ended up spending over $17 for the four). I got Boston Cream, Red Velvet, Birthday/Celebration cake, and Turtle.   The cupcakes are pretty decently sized, they are at least twice the size of a normal or homemade cupcake (think about the size if not bigger of a fancy Whole Foods cupcake). All of them tasted fresh and looked great, but the Red Velvet was flat out bland and not very good. It didn't taste like much at all and there was way too much frosting that overpowered the boring cake.   The other cupcakes were good, however. I didn't personally eat the Turtle or Boston Cream, but was told they were yummy. I did have the Birthday/Celebration cupcake later and it was really good and just like the good ol' fashioned cake your mom made you for your birthday as a kid.   They all come nicely decorated, however some of ours did not withstand about an hour of walking around due to the heat.   They are open 24 hours so you can satisfy your sweet tooth any time!
4 I was craving a cupcake and instead ended up buying a mini German chocolate cake. It was so delicious. The location is perfect since I was staying at the Excalibur. I will definitely be going back to Corner Cakes and trying something different next time I am in Las Vegas.
4 Had some danish (I had the apple, and tried a bite of my fiancé's cheese) for breakfast yesterday and was pleasantly surprised at the size and quality for what you pay. Considering it's Vegas, EVERYTHING is expensive, but it seems like their product stands up pretty well. The cheese they use is light and fluffy, not like the custard-like consistency of most cheese danish, it was different, but quite nice!
2 ... this dessert place looks better than it tastes. I wouldn't buy desserts from this place again. My friend and I bought a variety of sweets. The German chocolate, cupcake, pecan, and creme brulee. The german chocolate and cupcake were dry and hard... and didn't even taste good. Seriously worse german chocolate and cupcake I've ever eaten. The cupcake frosting was like eating pure sugar and it was hard like a rock- seriously I could had thrown it again a window and the window probably break instead. The pecan pie was really sweet too. The creme brulee tasted bland. The prices aren't too bad... but for not being able to eat the desserts, the price is terrible. Skip this dessert place and go to a real place instead. The desserts here are not worth it!
5 This is an adorable little bakery located near the elevators at MGM hotel.   The five star review comes from a non-cupcake-aficionado. So, if you're a true cupcake connoisseur, my review may make no sense.   My theory is sweets always look better than they taste. So if they bakery is adorable, I buy the goods. Honestly, sweets all taste the same to me... sweet. Corner cakes is adorable, they have a large selection and THEY'RE OPEN TILL 4AM!!! Woo-hoo! So that's why I'm giving them 5 stars.   I bought a cinnamon cronut, my very first cronut and it was out of this world delicious. (yes, I paid $5 bucks for it, but a cronut at 3am??? This is deserving of $5).   I bought a beautiful salted caramel cupcake because, well, it was beautiful. It is proudly adorning the top shelf in my refrigerator. And probably I'll never eat it. Sorry, I can't eat this thing of beauty.   Lastly a bought the rocky road cookie, a monstrosity of chocolate cookie, marshmallow and icing. For $1.75, it was a steal. It was good. Cookie was chewy and sweet, sweet, sweet. ( did I already mention it was sweet). I can't say it was much more than a mouthful of chocolate and sweet flavor.   So in conclusion, to a non-cupcake connoisseur, Corner Cakes is a good place. It's cute, convenient, and absolutely adorable. I've even kept their adorable paper bag.
2 I tried their version of a Cronut and was not impressed. It tasted like a Churro, but at $5 each, it was not worth it. the dough was not buttery or flaky like a croissant, but really oily like a Churro.  When I chewed it, I could taste the oil seeping out of the dough. Creating an after taste and running the cinnamon flavor. At $5 per (imitation) Cronut (or whatever it is they call it... The whole thing was a rip off.
4 I got a mini German Chocolate cake from here on Saturday night and didn't get a chance to eat it until Sunday night and then we finished it off tonight.  I thought that for the Vegas price, it was pretty delicious and surprisingly moist.  I wasn't sure what to expect as it is just a little shop tucked in a corner by the elevators at MGM but I wasn't disappointed (I bake frequently and well, so I can be easily disappointed in baked goods).  The half that was left was still pretty moist and delicious today.  Wish I would have gotten another flavor to try out as well.  Was pretty sweet but had a good chocolate coconut flavor.
3 Date & Time:  Wednesday January 15, 2014 @ 3pm Location:  MGM Grand Companions:  Mommy & Husband Scene:  Hotel Guests in Graphic Print Sweatshirts, Leggings & Uggs Decor:  Adorable Cupcake Counter w/ Wainscoting Imbibe:  Coffee Mediocre:  Monkey Bread & Mini Coconut Cake Total:  $20
1 Items Selected:  Sprinkled Cronut $5 Red Velvet Cupcake $4.50 Almond Croissant $5 Carrot Cake $6.75  Located in the MGM near the main elevators off the lobby and receiving mixed reviews from persons I trust I decided to take it upon myself to decide whether Corner Cakes was simply another overpriced casino money grab or, perhaps, a hidden gem like the Donut Counter at America Restaurant in NY-NY...the results leaning so far to the former that I literally left $12+ of baked 'goods' in a trashcan not-far from the small, smoky lounge where I sat to indulge.  Noting first that each of the pastries are indeed attractively presented while the staff is smiley, pleasant, and efficient even given the area's immense foot traffic it is here that the positives of Corner Cakes end - the old adage about putting 'lipstick on a pig' rarely as true as a $5 dense, cakey, and flaccid almond croissant to start the tasting off poorly and things only to get worse as I progressed to a 'cronut' so oily that it literally could have been wrung out with the excess oil used to fry up another, better version anywhere else in town.  Assuming that perhaps laminated and/or French pastry simply isn't where Corner Cakes shines it was next with half-hearted enthusiasm that I proceeded onward to a duo of actual 'cakes' and while the individual carrot cake was actually quite decent, a dense crumb with plenty of spice to balance sweet buttercream, the red velvet cupcake managed the seemingly impossible feat of being nearly inedible, the cake itself tasteless around a nearly solid chocolate core while the chalky, chilly frosting seemed to be channeling sour cream moreso than cream cheese - the questionable freshness and half-frozen presentation making me wonder whether the cupcake was even baked on premises...and if so, when?
3 This cute little pastry shop is open most of the night. Unfortunately the pastries look better than they taste (the cupcakes were good but forgettable) but could definitely curb a sweet tooth!
3 If you're craving sweets at 3am and/or you're desperate to find a last-minute mini birthday cake (like me), this place is for you!  Otherwise, the cakes are way more delicious looking than they actually taste (and they're pricey).  I got the carrot cake and the pineapple cake.  Thy were a bit dry, overly sweet, and coconutty for my tastes.    You're in Vegas, you can do better.
3 Located right next to the elevator bank to the Grand tower in MGM to entice and suck you in as you stumble back to your room after a drunken night of gambling and debauchery. They only close for one hour around 4am to clean and restock so make sure to not be "that guy"" who is leaning his face against the glass sobbing in sugar hunger at 4:05am.  Open 23 hours a day to satisfy that sweets craving in the middle of the night and all throughout the day. Have a cupcake for breakfast if you want. Grab one on the way to the slots. They have a mixed selection. The Salted Caramel cupcake was solid but at $5 a pop and a bit small I'll just do this once. In fact to me all their cupcakes are on the small side for the cost. They do look terrific though, and worth a shot at least once.  They also offer some other pastry treats, mini cakes, and even cronuts that cost $5. No, I did not eat a cronut. I still refuse to be sucked into that!
2 Tried three things: cheese danish, strawberry cheesecake, and s'more cookie. Sorry guys but Starbuck's serves better sweets! Cheese danish was like a coffee cake trying to be a croissant. Strawberry cheesecake wasn't really a cheesecake; more like strawberry glaze over heavy cool whip. And man, was that cookie stale! No wonder it was $1.75. Otherwise, the only thing sweet there is the staff.
2 I was meeting my fiance who had already been in Vegas for work. He was staying at the MGM which I was thankful for cause it's really not a bad hotel, but that's for another review.  As I entered our room, on the desk was a cutely packaged cupcake. It was a salted caramel with the mgm logo drawn on a piece of chocolate.    I excitedly opened the package and dug my fork from top to bottom. Then I ate each layer separately. The frosting was super sweet. If you had closed your eyes and tried it, you wouldn't be able to distinguish the caramel at all. It was just sugar. It was filled with actual caramel though. The cake itself was not too sweet but it was sadly super dry.    Overall, his gesture was super sweet and I thanked him in every way possible but I was left unimpressed.
5 Was in Las Vegas on vacation a couple weekends ago. OMG! First time I had ever had a cronut! Croissant-Donut! I was in heaven! I have to thank my friend for spotting their chalk ad because I passed the shop several times thinking nothing of it. They were advertised as crodoughs, but still the same thing. This by far is my new favorite dessert! The shop is located in the MGM hotel next to the elevators leading to the towers. The Crodoughs are $5 each, but worth every penny! I was there every day while staying in Vegas, getting 3-8 of them a day. The last day there, decided to try a couple other things and they were also delicious! I had the rocky road cookie and an apple danish. They were amazing! I wish there was some place like this in Colorado. I'm really in withdrawals now haha.
5 Really like the place looks like good quality bake goods this is my first impression. I love the staff that was there really nice. About to taste the food I got which is the Macaroons. Now that I tasted it I love it not the hard over chewy and possibly stale this one was soft crunchy chewy In all the right ways. Great service, great quality, great price for the quality.over all the easiest 5 stars to give keep it up
3 Stopped by because well, I love dessert and it had a gorgeous storefront. Saw the sign for the crodough (cronut). I've been wanting to try a cronut for a while, so I bought the chocolate covered one for $5. I also bought a package of pistachio macaroons because I wanted to be reminded of my time in Paris, when I went to La Duree.  First, the crodough was okay. I mean, it tastes exactly like the chocolate-filled croissant I used to by at Starbucks. Or, you could buy croissants and top them with a chocolate spread yourself. I wouldn't say it was forgettable, but I wouldn't spend $5 for another either.  Now for the macaroons. I should have known nothing could compare to La Duree. They tasted faintly of pistachio and a lot like a whole lot of sugar and butter. Not really my cup of tea either.  If I'm in the area, I might try something else, but I'm not going to go out of my way to buy desserts here.
