5 Movers can be hard to find, when your looking for trust worthy people. I got lucky and found them from word of mouth. On Time. Professional. Nice. Fast!   They know what they are doing and I didn't have to pay a lot. Money's worth. Will use them again for next move.
5 I feel lucky to have found Smooth Move.  I purchased a large, heavy and very fragile glass sculpture that they were able to move across town for me on very short notice and for a very fair price.  I was singularly impressed with their professionalism, attention to detail, quality packing and timely performance.  I would recommend their service to anyone without hesitation.  In fact I will surely use them again when the need arises.
5 I stumbled across Smooth Move here in yelp the other day. I was completely panicked because I had just been stood up by some movers and needed to move out of my place ASAP! I must say im glad the other company never showed. The guys from smooth move we're AWESOME from the time they answered the phone and booked my appt until the last item was unpacked into my new home. I love that they were friendly and fast and inexpensive. They even fixed my bed for me! I would absolutely refer this company to EVERYONE I know.
5 Great guys! They showed up on time and were very professional. They were able to handle a last minute job cross-town move without any problem. Ask for Eli at smooth move if you need the job done quick and well
5 I love these guys. I'm in the military and I've moved around a lot in the past. These guys are very affordable and fair. The first time I hired them, I had a few family heirlooms and they got them to where I needed them, in one piece. I went through Eli and he was very professional and kind. I hope I can use them again.
5 Just used these guys for my move to summerlin, they were very professional and fast. All my stuff got to my house safely. I'd recommend them to anyone. Was very happy with everything :)
5 After getting fucked over by another moving company here in Vegas (oasis), I called these guys in desperation. They were able to come on very short notice (even showed up early) and they were fantastic. Very careful with everything, nice, funny and respectful. The price really can't be beat. I will be recommending these guys to all my friends in town.
5 Can't thank these guys enough for being so awesome. They were on time, professional and super helpful. I would and will reccommend them to my friend in Vegas. They don't over charge and they totally looked out for my belongings. Very happy camper!
1 About 3 months ago, we were looking for movers. I found these guys on yelp and hired them to help us move. They were very polite. The only problem is they took almost 7 hours to move a bedroom set, a bunk bed, a china cabinet and some boxes AND charged us $550 (to make 1 trip and it was less than 10 miles)!! My husband is a disabled veteran and was not able to move any of the furniture. They scratched and broke the frame of our $10,000 bed that we got brand new and was assembled in our house only 5 months before we moved.  My husband called them a few days later when we started to notice all the scratches and dents on our bed frame and a side table that's been in my family for 15 years. They asked my husband to send pictures of the damages and he did. It's been over 3 months and still no word from these guys. I hired these guys cuz of the reviews on yelp. WTF happened??? I seriously feel like we got ripped the f*ck off! I'm really more mad about the fact that my husband tried to contact them about the damages and they never called back or even email back. Call me unreasonable but I would never hire these guys again or recommend them to anyone! Pictures of the damages are posted!
1 -WARNING!  DO NOT USE!- No stars would be the correct rating!  Horrible!  Slow!  You want damaged furniture call these guys!  You want to save some money on the move DO NOT use this company.  Horrible customer service.  Will never use this company ever again. HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 I have never written a review in my life. This is the first time I've ever felt the need to warn people. If this company is your only alternative, try again. I'm so disappointed. Tried to cancel 2 hours before my move, showed up with a uHaul that couldn't even fit everything, then cut out because they had another customer. What am I? I made a reservation too! NOT a smooth move by any means. Total truth. I've never even sent a steak back. That's how upset I am.
3 Eli and 2 men helped us move today. The guys were very friendly and a pleasure to work with. Some feedback... When booking the move ask questions like what is your garage size, backyard furniture, etc. Not just considering square footage. I took an SUV full of stuff and there is still more stuff we have to pick up tomorrow cause the u-haul that they brought was not big enough. I did have some of my newer furniture damaged. The headboard was pretty badly damaged for my bed. Luckily I found the piece that broke off and Eli fixed it ok. Couple other things here and there like my drawers to my new dresser-the track was broken on one drawer. I can live with it I guess. The move was reasonably priced and the guys worked hard going from a one to two story house. There was a couple big items they couldn't get up the stairs but I think any mover would have a hard time with the items.
