1 I came to Snail Motorsports with the intent to have 2 strollers powder coated and media blasted but unfortunately I ended up having to ask for a refund and not have them do any work. I was really upset by the whole situation because I was really looking forward to having some custom powder coating done by someone who has done numerous amount of work for my friends. Juan the powder coater has done frames and rims for several friends, so when I started asking around for who to take my items to everyone referred me to snail Motorsports.  When I took my items to snail Motorsports I was first quoted $370.00 to media blast 18 items and custom powder coat 6 items. I thought that was a little high so they reworked the numbers and came back with $240, I still thought that was a little high but i agreed to have it done and I payed half up front and left the items. As i pondered about everything throughout the day, I decided to look over the receipt and do some math. I noticed that for a simple powder coat I was been charged $5 per item for a candy powder coat I was been charged $15 and for media blasting I was been charged $10. I then though to myself what if i got everything powder coated and some number crunching late it would roughly be $260 to powder coat everything could this be a $20 difference to have everything done?? I called snail Motorsports and explained to them what I had came up with and I asked if the price to powder coat all my pieces would be $260? I was shocked when the answer came about the price to powder coat 2 strollers would be $600.00!! What i was so shocked with that sticker prices that I just sent an email and asked for them to not do any work and that I would pick up my items.  There is no way 2 strollers would cost $600.00 to powder coat its not 2 cars?? When i showed up the next day I was greeted by Juan's wife who quickly offered me back my parts, but also offered to get me another quote she came back with $480.00. While there was no explanation to why we would go from $240 to $480 if the pricing per item remained the same I just could not do business with someone who was so inconsistent in their pricing.   I ended up calling several friends to find out if they have had similar experiences come to find out several friends explained how before Juan use to be someone who you could talk to and ask questions too. Now he is either just too good for people or he just doesn't have the time for them. That really sucks since some of my friends ended up telling me that they are sending stuff out of town to get done instead of having to deal with someone who has an ego.
5 I've had a few items done, one small and one large. Both came out better than I could think, good turn around and great prices
5 We have gone with Snail Motorsports for so many things, since Juan started in his garage, doing small jobs.  He has powder coated an antique medicine cabinet, several sets of wheels, several parts for my Jeep, media blasted a ton of our chairs for our business...that ton equals out to around 300.  When he tells you when he will have your items ready, he is right there with it when he promises.  You can find him in his shop way into the late hours...just to get your item completed.  You will never find anyone more Type A about his finished product than Juan.  We have never been disappointed in any item or any quote we have received.  He does all of his own media blasting and powder coating...he doesn't farm them out to other contractors.  He service is top notch and I would recommend Snail Motorsports to everyone.  Thank you Juan and the Snail Motorsports team.
5 I have huge trust issues when it comes to my car. At first I was really scared because I was getting $2k rims (Advan TCIII) and almost $3k worth of parts under the hood. Juan exceeded my expectations! They came out perfect. With the amount of work, time, and effort he put into them I'm surprised he didn't charge me more. He gave me an awesome deal! A few months later I brought a set of cheaper wheels (used set of enkei rpf1) and a few suspension parts to get coated and the work was just as phenomenal! Juan treated $800 worth of parts just as he would $5k worth of parts. I wouldn't trust anyone else with powder coating my car parts. I will always support quality work and that is why I will always be a customer of Juan and Snail Motorsports.
5 Had Snail do a scooter frame for me. I was trying to save money and go with a cheaper option but they hooked it up with an awesome pearl multistage. After that had me do a set of wheels that came out perfect mounted and balanced as well. Powder coat isn't cheap but they were half as much as any other quotes I got. I send everybody I know there.
5 I took in all 5 wheels for my 1970 VW Beetle for powder coating.  They were looking pretty shabby after over 40 years of faithful service.  This VW was my first car, and I'm only the second owner (bought in '86).  It's very special to me, and I wouldn't trust any part of it to just anyone.  My first contact with Snail Motorsports was via email, and Juan answered all my questions quickly and thoroughly.  Very clear on pricing and time to completion.  I took the wheels in, selected my color and went home to wait.  I was pleasantly surprised to receive a link to photos of my wheels after media blasting and at completion.  The work was done on-time and the whole process was very professional.  I couldn't be happier. Now, 2 years later, they look as good as the day I picked them up.  You can't go wrong with Snail Motorsports for powdercoating!
5 Had my Enkie RPF1s done a nice gold color. They were nice enough to install toms and also mount and balance the tires for free. The finish looks awesome and I get a lot of compliments on my 350z. Great customer service!
5 Get it done and get it done ONCE! Powder-coating at its best! OR, use the other guys ((NOT))!
5 had my wheels done in high gloss black and they are BEAUTIFUL!!! my wheels had a little bit of "road rash" from giving a curb some love at sonic and Snail completely erased that!!! my lease on my car is up next year and i will be bringing my new ride in for MORE Snail love!!!
2 So Juan's work is BAD ASS, Basically everything on chopper I have had done by him looks great and I get compliments on everything all the time. people are shocked when I tell them it is powder coat not paint.    So why the 2 stars...as his biz grew his delivery time went to shit for us "small people". Examples: --first starting his biz a set of wheels, quoted 5 days, got them in I beleive 4 days 2 yrs later motorcycle frame  q
5 I had Juan at Snail Motorsports install my Eisenmann Race exhaust on my 2008 BMW M5.  He did a fantastic job and treated my car as if it was his own. He took great care of my baby.  I would highly recommend his shop!
5 I've had some experience with powder coaters in the past.  The quality of their work here was second to none.
5 The chrome was eating away and decided to have 'em san blasted black. The folks at snail motor sports did an AWESOME job! The prices in Cali were ridiculous and having' em done here in North LV was worth it, considering my folks live out here and I was here on Vacay. Adrienne was very helpful from the first time I called the company, all the way to when she handed over the keys. I really appreciated the fact of her calling me on some issues the wheels had, due to the deteriorating chrome. Overall, it was a GREAT experience going with this company and recommend them x10!
4 Had a mountain bike frame coated here. The quality of work is second to none, and was completed within a very reasonable timeframe. The cost was also very reasonable; a bargain when you consider the quality. I would recommend Snail Motorsports to anyone who wants something powder coated, and will definitely be a return customer.
