5 My first review of 2013, and it's a good one, so let's hope this is a sign of things to come. As you may know, I have a bit of a beef (if you pardon the pun) about steak places in Edinburgh. Too often, the preparation of the our wonderful Scottish beef leaves a lot to be desired, and certainly doesn't match the quality of the ingredient. In the Nira Caledonia's lovely hotel restaurant, we found the best steak that we've comes across in Edinburgh, so far.  Sourced from Perthshire supplier, Highland Drovers, what they serve is Highland cow. The depth of flavour of their fillet was quite exceptional. In addition to this, they prepare their steaks on a Josper charcoal grill, which is a serious piece of cheffy kitchenware.  I ate the pheasant, and it was also extremely good. We had a really good elderflower, prosecco and mint cocktail, which started off the meal, beautifully. And the soup, a prawn bisque was first class, too.  The restaurant, to date, has almost solely catered for those staying at the smart boutique hotel. However, the secret is out, and people should really give this place a go, next time they're looking for beautifully sourced meat, seafood and game, in very smart New Town surroundings.  Overall, we said: "the Nira Caledonia was an absolute gem. They have a few execution errors to brush up on, but they have the potential to be one of the finest hotel restaurants of their type in the city. Certainly their steak is excellent, and alone merits a visit. The service is friendly and accurate, their wine list comprehensive and very reasonable, and the stylish dining room is packed with elegant New Town charm. I'd heartily recommend a visit to the Nira Caledonia at your earliest convenience."
5 After reading a great review of this place in ion magazine me and the girlfriend decided to visit and were not disappointed. Our staters of mussels and venison carpaccio were amazing and the steaks we had as mains were out of this world. Could not manage desserts after the mains but will be going back to try them some time soon. If you want steak in Edinburgh this is the place to go. Kyloe is great but too busy and just not that Intermit. I'm certain to be coming here for some time.
5 My husband and I stayed here for during our babymoon and had a fabulous time! The room was a comfortable well appointed! It was furnished with modern amenities while maintaining, it's old world charm, our room had a great view of the garden and it was quite nice to be able to look out the floor to ceiling window in the morning while sipping on a cup of tea. My only complaint was that there were no elevators to take us to our rooms and we had a bit of luggage since we were traveling for two weeks! The room was a bit small, but that is to be expected with a boutique hotel. The staff at the front desk was extremely helpful when we had an issue with our credit cards and had to call our bank from overseas! They made great recommendations as to where to go for dinner and which historical sights were worth the visit! The complimentary Scottish breakfast was excellent, the service was quick and the food selection was vast, I was told that everything on the menu was sourced locally, which you could really taste. It's truly a great way to start off your day. I highly recommend the smoked salmon and eggs, it was simply divine. The dining room is busy in the morning, but I'm glad we were able to take our time without feeling rushed, go earlier if you want a quiet breakfast.  All in all, we really enjoyed our stay, I wish Nira Caledonia was a little closer to all the attractions, but it was fairly simple to get a taxi back to our room! We would definitely stay here again, if we are ever back in Edinburgh!
5 Nira Caledonia is a very, very beautiful hotel in Ediburgh, located near the Stockbridge part of town.  The staff was very warm, welcoming and overall friendly.  Our room was on the top floor and provided a really lovely view.  This hotel included some nice personal touches, such as turn down service including a carafe of water, which we truly appreciated after a full day of sight-seeing.  The radio tuned to Classic FM was fantastic and so relaxing!  The hotel, albeit old, was very up to date and included modern amenities such as a Nespresso machine, iPod docking radio, free WiFi and Darjeeling scented toiletries.  There is no lift, which was fine for us, but could be a challenge for other guests, so be aware of this before booking.  There is also no air conditioning, but you can just open the window.  Breakfast is included and was really wonderful.  Hot tea and coffees were very nice, too.  The dining room is gorgeous and all of the food was very good along with the prompt and friendly service.  My only suggestion is for little signs for the door knob to indicate if you are sleeping or would like your room refreshed.  We did not have any issues, but it's something that might be helpful for the staff.  My husband and I really enjoyed our 4 night stay and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in Edinburgh.  The city is very walk-able and the hotel was close enough for us to go everywhere we wanted (The Scott Monument, Edinburgh Castle, shopping, etc.).  The Airlink on Waverly Bridge is a convenient way to get to the airport and a cab is only around 5 pounds from the hotel to the drop off point.   What a truly wonderful city.  We will return again someday, since it was love at first sight.  Thank you for a memorable experience!
