4 Don't know much about furniture stores, prices, etc. etc. So, I will say a few things in my limited knowledge of such places. This place is HUGE, and it's a lot of fun to just stroll through the store for 20 minutes if nothing else. I specifically came here looking for a light wood with metal king size bed frame, but no luck finding anything like that. I know our other bedroom pieces came from Copenhagen, (more expensive and seemingly a bit better quality), so I may have to back there and find what I am looking for. The stuff here seems very reasonably priced, and it's mostly traditional- In other words, I am more of a "Bova" kind of Dude, and there's a lot of brown stuff in here, which isn't my bag. Overall, the inventory looks very conventional and reasonably priced, so I can't give them 3 stars, even though most of the stuff I'm not interested in personally.
4 Neat store!  I am a window shopper at this point.  They had a huge selection of styles and prices for sofas, beds, and tables.  Definitely worth a look.
5 My husband lined up the morning of the grand opening in hopes of getting a free couch (lol). He showed up 2 hours before they opened, but there were already so many people in front of him that he only got a coupon for $20 off an "accent piece". Apparently, Scottsdale doesn't play around when it comes to free stuff!  He was really bummed, but we showed up the next day because of an advertisement for a decent sized head board for $195.   Walking into the store, we were greeted by very friendly employees who offered us water, coffee or soda. One employee went out of his way to get a lollipop for my son! They have a kids play room with toys and a large TV. My son wanted to go into the play room, but being potty trained is a requirement so he was stuck with us. Every one was really friendly and really helpful, and they reminded us several times that they are not on commission so we shouldn't be afraid to ask questions.    As we looked at the head boards, we almost considered purchasing one that was more expensive, but the employee who helped us discouraged us from buying the more expensive one because that head board wasn't as strong as the other one, so she didn't recommend it for couples ( lol my husband and I had to contain our laughter!) and we appreciated her honesty!   We were blown away by the prices and the selection that we also purchased a large "L" couch for under $600 (that's cheaper than Ikea) and a large rug for the living room. They even let me use the $20 off for the rug even though it wasn't considered an "accent piece". Overall, it was a great experience and we feel so lucky that we were able to afford new furniture for our new home! We're a very young family who typically can't afford furniture unless it's from Ikea or Wal Mart. Thank you Living Spaces for giving us the opportunity to make our home beautiful!  OH and PS, in response to David L's review, we were warned about the fees! We were told if we return it or pick it up late, there will be fees! Just be a smart shopper and ask questions :)
5 Great store with an excellent selection of furniture. We went twice to looks at couches. We decided on one we fell in love with, and had amazing service. We never once felt pressured by sales staff and prices are reasonable. On our second visit, Vicktpria helped us and was phenomenal. She helped us get exactly what we needed. The delivery was amazing. They carried our heavy couch and love seat up three flights of stairs and unwrapped all the furniture. This is a team that works hard!
4 A few weeks after Living Spaces opened, my husband stopped in and came home raving about how inexpensive the furniture was and that they had stuff we would like. Now, as new home owners, we have been furniture browsing for the past few months with no luck - either not finding items we like or the items we do like are way expensive. Hearing such a rave review from my husband holds a lot of weight, so I was excited to go back with him and see what Living Spaces had to offer. We stopped by one night after work and were able to look together. The front portion of the store holds eclectic wood furniture pieces from India and other countries. These pieces change daily and are unique, one of a kind pieces. The rest of the store has your standard sofas, tables, bedroom sets, etc.   We found some awesome items we really liked, so I went home to do some research. Unfortunately, I read a lot of negative reviews about Living Spaces. This really turned me off and now I'm wary of purchasing from here.   As a window shopper, I'd give this store 4 stars because of how awesome everything looks and the price tag. Also, the employees we interacted with were friendly and offered help on numerous occasions.   I'm just still debating on whether or not to make a purchase here... I'll keep you updated.
1 Great selection of furniture, horrible customer service, nobody seems to know what they are doing! We had to ask 3 different sales associates to help us with basic questions about a sofa. It took an entire two days to get our furniture order processed properly. If you are doing a simple purchase they are fine, but anything above and beyond the norm will give them too much trouble and it will more than likely get messed up.
2 We spent 2+ hours at the cashier's desk trying to order our couch because the color swatch we picked out was not in the drop-down list in the computer software. The sales associate was of no help and the people behind the desk using the software were confused and helpless.   Because the special order department was closed, they put a note in the order saying we wanted "Gibson Gray". I was promised a call back the next day to confirm that the SPO dept. had the swatch and they were going to complete the order. Additionally, I was promised I would receive a phone call when the couch was ready for delivery.   I didn't receive either phone calls. In both instances, I had to call customer service to find out. The first call was to confirm that it would be ordered in Gibson Gray, and the representative said "yes." Then, about 3 weeks later after we hadn't heard back about delivery, I called to see if the couch was ready. The rep said the couch had been ready and didn't know why no one had called to schedule delivery.   Nonetheless, we were just excited to get our couch. The day of delivery, we were promised a 30 minute call when the driver was on the way. Instead we got a 15 minute call and rushed to the house from work only to find out that the couches being delivered were in the WRONG color, a dark blue --- definitely not Gibson Gray. As you can imagine, we were very upset. The delivery man contacted customer service, took photos of the couch and we didn't take delivery.   That day, we tried calling customer service twice to find out what happened. We wanted to know if the wrong couch was delivered or if indeed it was just ordered in the wrong color. No one could answer us until 6pm that day. The representative, "Sarah", left us a voicemail stating that the color in the photos taken by the delivery man did indeed match "Gibson Gray" and that we needed to schedule delivery again. Fuming, because clearly we did not order a BLUE couch, I went down to the store after work to sort things out, which took another hour.   Turns out the SPO or the manufacturer made the couch in the wrong color. Now we have to wait another 3 weeks to get our couch that we were supposed to get 1-2 weeks ago. It is extremely frustrating. The poor customer service, the run around, the long ridiculous process to order a couch - all of it has been a nightmare and quite grueling. Buying furniture should not be this difficult. We are very disappointed. At this point, we are just hoping all goes well with our order the second time around and we are happy with the couch.   The only reason I am giving it two stars instead of one is because their prices cannot be beat and they do have a great selection. You can find everything you need there, but be forewarned it may be ordered incorrectly and you might find yourself spending half your day at the store to complete the ordering process.
4 This place is awesome. I don't often go furniture shopping but I just moved into my own place and purged a lot of my old stuff so I needed to get a new couch, dinner set, and tv stand. I hate feeling like I'm getting hustled but I definitely did not feel that way at LivingSpaces. I walked in and was browsing around when Jason approached me and asked me if I needed any help. He was awesome and definitely did not try to upsell me on unnecessary expensive pieces.   I think I spent an hour and a half in the store tops. And most of that time was just me being indecisive about things. It was such an easy process and my furniture was delivered 2 days later. The guys who delivered everything were efficient and able to get the couch through my narrow entryway without and scratches.   I'll definitely be back to this store because everyone was super friendly and the prices really can't be beat. I'm excited about my purchases and even sent my friend to the store and she got a couch too!
4 @quinterogolf we bought tables for our grille here today.  What an incredible selection of reasonably priced merchandise. Service was terrific.  Our tables will be sent from California.  Believe it or not, they will arrive in 2 days
5 Good place to buy furniture. The sales associates don't bother you much but they would tag you in the name of assisting. I care less. The prices are reasonable. Quality of furniture only time will say. I bought a sofa and a bedding set and I am happy with my purchase. Gabe was very helpful in choosing mattress and Jasmine was kind to explain our questions about the sofa and bed. I would certainly recommend anyone to give this place a try.
5 I found a floor model chair and ottoman.  Could not decide whether to buy or not.  It was a floor model and was not returnable. Came back several times to look at it.  Each time I came back, the price was reduced.  Not a lot, but week by week as it sat on the floor. The sales people are not on commission--but there are many of them, and all very helpful.  I was helped by many wonderful salespeople, but Michelle was really great.                 I bought the chair--love it.
5 Shopped online late on a Thursday and had my recliners delivered by noon on Saturday.  Online shopping experience was awesome.  They called a few minutes later to verify my identity for fraud protection....love that.  The delivery guys were courteous, helpful, and professional.  The quality of the merchandise was surprisingly high, considering I did not visit the store beforehand.  The price was nearly half of what I looked at in a nearby store.  I couldn't be more happy with the shopping experience, the delivery, and the merchandise.
4 Picked up a couple $49 doorbuster nightstands on Black Friday.  Really nice units that'd otherwise be more than $100.   They have a lot of great furniture here.  I especially like the kids split-level bunk beds and the coffee tables with rising tops.
5 My fiancé and I had an excellent experience with Living Spaces every step of the way! We purchased both our living room and dining room from there and it was seamless. We worked with a sales associate named Audrey and she made sure we had everything we needed.  They had a great selection of furniture at great prices and weren't pushy in their sales. My father even had a question about how they clean all their floors and they asked their janitor to explain it to us! I would definitely go back for any other needs we have and would recommend this to all my friends!
5 Oh wow - I am so happy I found Living Spaces.  They have a great selection of mid level furniture (not as nice as name brands but not like Target stuff, either) at REALLY good prices.  Plus, their sales people are super friendly & helpful but also not commission based so it's way less intense than most furniture stores.    I had so much fun I dragged my sister around for hours as I got a dining room set, pieces for my home office and a sectional.  Jason and LaLa were a ton of fun and very helpful.  There were people to help everywhere in case you need something, like I said, very helpful but not pushy.  Even their management was spot on with excellent customer service.  I think one of the most amazing things to me was that on the couches, etc you can pick your own fabric... for the same awesome price as the regular in-stock one... and it's going to get to you in just a few weeks!  Pair that with their one-fee-for-everything delivery + set up (haha... I got more than my money worth on that part!) and I really couldn't be happier.  The delivery people were fast, friendly and professional.    Seriously. Love. This. Place.  Will be back!
5 Just bought a number of items in order to furnish a seasonal condo and had a great experience. This place is large and the choices are expansive including the  prices. You can spend a lot but more often, the prices are very reasonable and the quality good. From the sales floor to choice to price to delivery, very satisfied customer.
1 I had such high hopes for this store to be great. Unfortunately due to poor customer service I have no hopes for them any more. 6 weeks ago we ordered a sectional that was to be delivered in 2 days. Did I say 6 weeks ago? First they couldn't find the sofa portion, then they could only find the right sided chaise, then they couldn't find it again. I had to call each time even though they said they'd call. They have been so poor in communication and follow through. We still don't have our sectional, we still haven't heard back from them. DONT GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY, YOULL NEVER SEE YOUR PURCHASES. If I could give a negative star I would. My only hope now is that they close their doors and go away.
1 Good collection. Horrible shipping and customer satisfaction. Paid in full and had to call to get the furniture. Delivery was promised by 8th Feb, did not arrive and was notified either. They were not apologetic either . Will think twice about buying from them.
2 This is a difficult rating for me to give. The in-store experience was fantastic. The furniture selection is strong and the prices are fair. If I would have rated Living Spaces the moment we left the store they would have gotten a 4 or 5 from me.   But-- the customer service you receive after leaving the store, presumably from the corporate office, is very poor. We ordered multiple pieces of furniture, including a custom sectional. The couch arrived with one of the pieces of furniture made with the wrong fabric. They never followed up with us like they promised -- we had to call three times. It took a month to get a replacement piece. Also, the driver tripped on his way in the house ripping the fabric on another piece-- it has still not been replaced.  Before I received this bad service I made the mistake of recommending them to my parents. They told my parents the drivers would call a half hour before they arrived to deliver their furniture-- it didn't happen, they just showed up. When my father wanted to return a couple pieces that didn't work out, they told us they would call a day before to give us a pickup window. It never happened. We've waited all day today for it to come-- it is now after 6pm, they never showed, never called. "Good bye" to my Saturday, thanks Living Spaces!  The good people who work at the Scottsdale store are really undermined by the corporate office, it's too bad. I would pass on Living Spaces because of it. The customer service department is awful. They aren't accountable. And they apparently have no communication with the drivers. Bottom line, they just aren't ready for the business. The only reason I didn't rate them a "1" is due to the positive shopping experience.
5 I went here yesterday for the first time after cyber stalking their furniture on the web for weeks. Wanted to make sure any furniture i bought looked like the pictures and any couches were comfortable.  From start to end, the place was easy to find, plenty of parking in the lot, and the moment I walked in I was greeted by a smiling worker.  He asked what I was looking for and steered me in the direction for what I was looking for.  They didn't hound me like a car dealership but they didn't completely ignore me either. They had the right balance of knowing when to back off and when to let me shop.  The prices are pretty cheap, not just compared to Scottsdale standards but cheap compared to standards of most furniture stores. And I should know because I've checked them all out.  But even better, for being cheap they don't look for feel like cheap crappy furniture.  Place like ikea and Ashley furniture can have couches that are cheaper to more expensive and I've seen some of their couches feel and look so cheap you'd assume it came from Walmart or some place even cheaper.  Any of the couches you want, they'll let you change out the the fabric colors at no extra charge, so if there is a couch you just love, feel it perfectly firm or soft, or whatever your preference but you're afraid it's not going to match your house color scheme, no problem because you have a selection of colors to pick from.  I've already decided in buying all my couches from this place. I do love their products.
1 We purchased a Tempur-pedic Contour Select mattress from Living Spaces.  The mattress requires a sub-frame to keep the factory warranty. This was not a problem, in fact it makes sense. However, if you assume that because you spent over $3,000 dollars on a mattress you'll receive service to match that would not be the case at Living Spaces. The delivery service (which they contract out) is not required to perform careful delivery. The Mattress sub-frame should have been easy for two guys to just set in place.  Their practice is apparently to have one guy drag it over the foot board, which in our case is a $2,700 Crate and Barrel Atwood bed. The staples in the sub-frame did an unbelievable job of scratching, digging, gouging up the wood foot board. This alone isn't the end of the world, even though we obviously were unhappy. These things can and do happen.   What clinches the fact that we will not be returning to or recommending Living Spaces to anyone is due to the Customer Service experience afterward. We reported this damage with photos, within hours of the delivery; they said they would process our claim. After 3 weeks of processing and repeated followups on our behalf, they said that they would not be reimbursing us or working with us on any repair measures, not even a $25 gift card.    We took for granted a merchant society that performs above and beyond customer service such as Zappos and Nordstrom.  We did not think that we had to micro mange our mattress delivery.  It should have been simple. We were beside ourselves when we heard back from their customer service department.   Personally we will not be returning to Living Spaces now understanding how they follow up with customer service issues.
1 Our experience was extremely frustrating and disappointing.  The first sofa my husband and I purchased arrived at our home and we were shocked.  The back of it looked completely unfinished and all of the mechanics for the recliner was clearly visible, something we didn't notice in the store because it was up against another sofa.  Other recliners on the sales floor were finished nicely.  When we went back to the store to return the sofa, we found out that we had to pay very high restocking fees for it to be taken back and felt forced to purchase another sofa so we didn't lose more money.  The restocking fees were slightly lower if you purchased another sofa.  Their selection was extremely limited.  After finally selecting a second sofa, we find out that the ottoman  was discontinued and  had to wait for all of the other pieces.  We were told 2 weeks maximum and it took over 8 weeks.  When we would call their customer service people, they couldn't give us any information and refused to give us any managers to speak with.  Their prices aren't "cheap" for the lack of quality.   We will not shop at Living Spaces again and do not  recommend them.
1 I ordered a desk and small cabinet online and was told I could pick it up in two days.  When I went to the pickup desk, it took them 15 minutes to locate my items.  The box for the smaller cabinet looked like it had been through the shredder!  The desk box looked fine.  When I got home to assemble both pieces, I discovered that both were damaged!  I took the afternoon off from work to pickup and assemble my furniture.  I also dropped my old desk off at Goodwill on the way to get my new desk.  Since I had to return the damaged desk, I am now running my home based business from a banquet table.  Thanks Living Spaces!  I completed an online survey e-mailed to me by Living Spaces letting them know my concerns.  I also completed the section requesting a customer service rep to give me a call.  Two weeks later and still no call.  I completed the survey again today.  Standby for more updates. Stay away from these guys...poor customer service.
5 Even more stars, I really wish I could give this place a billion more!  I went here a second time with a family member this time for a second opinion and the customer service was just as great.  Same amazing furniture and I was ready to throw down thousands of dollars on buying certain things and one of the sales people pointed out a flaw about the couch that she said some people have a problem with and others don't care about.  Seeing this issues I never noticed until she said something I simply couldn't live with it, and my family agreed.  The sales lady ended up pointing me towards a much CHEAPER couch, equally comfortable, same beautiful grey color I wanted, but without the buldging flaw.  I was impressed she was showing cheaper products that she said would last years longer.  I'm thinking are you crazy lady, I know you don't work off comission but shouldn't you have sales goals you want to hit.  I was impressed by this kind of customer service that I honestly rarely have ever seen.  And I worked retail for many years of my life, I know that the business is usually all about numbers and goals.  In the end I didn't get the original couch I wanted, nor did I get the couch she picked out for me.  But I ended up finding a that I loved a million times more and every friend and family member that has seen the couch has been blown away about how beautiful it is.  Very Mad Men, Season 5 looking.  I'm so happy with this store I've decided to get my dinning set from here, living room, family room, and a few office items as well.  I haven't seen outdoor patio sets there but if they sold them I know this place is the place I would buy them.
5 We went to Living Spaces for the first time last week due to an extremely upsetting experience from the Room Store.  We cancelled a $1500 order and looking to replace them from another furniture store.  So glad we discovered Living Spaces, staff were courteous, helpful and not pushy.  Most of all, the pricing for each item is marked clearly, delivery fee and time were honestly communicated; NO HIDDEN agendas like Room Store.  We have not only purchase all items were cancelled with Room Store, we also bought 2 other major purchases.  I highly recommend you visit the store prior to making a purchase, wide selections for all pricing points.    Justin in bedroom furniture department is great!
2 Living Spaces i thought was going to be an outstanding place to purchase all brand new furniture from sadly i thought about that to soon.    We purchased our dining room table from Living Spaces after searching and fell in love with the table and the outstanding service that we received.  Well it was time to redo the living room and countless trips to the Scottsdale location to shop around till we found something that we liked.  We find the perfect coffee table for us and we purchased it online and had to wait for it to be shipped to Arizona.    We picked up our table and arrived home excited to put the table together and get the living room decorated.  To our shocked when he box was opened it was a returned and used table.    There is nothing wrong with purchasing something used and returned if i am going to be getting a discount for the product.  I dont expect to pay $275 for a coffee table to get it home and see that it has been repacked and trying to be sold.  We inspected the table to later to find that it was damaged and the pieces were thrown into a ziplock bag.  In the box was an envelope from the manufacture that stated no resellable.  I immediately contact the customer service number since you can not call the store directly.  I explained the situation to him and wanted a new table to be delivered to my my home and for them to take this old one away they stated that they needed to open a claim and i would need to send pictures of the damage on the table.  The gentleman on the phone would not even tell me that they had more in stock until the claim was completed.    I sent pictures and received a phone call late the following afternoon stating they they will be getting me a new table but i would have to pay for delivery.  After some speaking with the customer service people i finally got them to agree to deliver for free since i was having to wait 1 to 2 weeks for a new table to arrive.      One week went by and i had not received a call that a new table was in stock so i reached out to customer service again and got another rude lady on the phone.  She said that they are not expecting a ship for another week.  I explained that i was rather upset that this company is not trying to do something to ensure that i continue to shop there.  I asked to speak to a supervisor in which she immediately stated i dont have one here and then hung up the phone.  I went to the store and spoke with the General Manger and him and another team lead worked with me to try and figure everything out.  That is the kind of service that you expect when you spending hundred of dollars on stuff for your home.  They found out that they were getting a large ship in a week and i stated that i would wait for them to come in.  8 days later i still hadnt received a phone call stating my new table was in stock so i once again reached out to the customer service department and they stated that they were not expecting a ship in for another week.    At this point i very upset that i know how to wait until week and on top of it those dates are not even guaranteed so it could be even later for me to receive the table.  Once again i asked to speak to a manager and to my shock there wasnt one there.  I find it hard to believe that there are new any managers are this call center.   I then asked if i return the table i have would i received a full refund and her response shocked me to no surprise.  You would have to to pay the restocking fee.  You have got to be kidding me you expect me to pay a restocking fee for your poor service.  I am now having to wait for a manger to call me back so i can figure out what this company is going to do for the struggles  that this now causing me.     Needless to say if they have the table in stock at the Arizona location make sure that you inspect that product before you leave the store.  Do not have them ship the product to you.  Also for a company that prides them selves on customer service you have a long way to go before you can do that.
1 How did I go from giving Living Spaces 5 stars to 1 star?  Well let me tell you what happened to me.  This review is based not on this specific Living Spaces location but it's based on the scheduling department for when your order is ready.  When I went to the actual store in person I was very happy with their customer service and workers.  We went on the computer, they verified my order was right, we looked at the schedule and together we picked a date all of my stuff would get shipped to me.  I work many many hours a week and have very few days off in a month if I even have a day off in a month.  I picked the date 3 weeks out in advanced and let my work know that under no circumstances could I work 4/19/14 because I was having my furniture delivered that day...or so I thought.  Come wednesday afternoon 4/16/14 I get a call telling me my order is ready and they would like to schedule a date for delivery.  Schedule a date for delivery? Why whatever could they mean when I had a date set in advance for 4/19/14.  I let them know the date and they inform me that date is not possible.  That although their website says it can do next day or overnight delivery the soonest I would be able to get my stuff would be 4/20/14.  But wait, they made a mistake again, they realized it's a holiday and actually my furniture can't be delievered until 4/21/14.  I think, okay, let me see what in my life I can rearrange while I'm at work of course.  I tell the scheduler I need to contact a family member and see if that personc an please sit at my house and wait for the furniture to arrive and request that the scheduler please call me back as I did not have my order information with me at work when they called.  She stated she would, I verified again, please call in 30 minutes exactly, I will be waiting at the phone.  She promises up and down she'll call back but never calls again.  Now I'm heated, I call myself and speak with a different scheduler now.  Hi, I'd like to set up my order for delivery, ya know the girl who dropped $4000 at your store, yeah me.  Second scheduler, a man this time, tries to set me up for 4/19/14, I tell him I would LOVE it if he could book me for that day, but it was my understanding there was supposedly no way humanly possible they could ship it to me by then.  He checks his schedule, "you're correct Ms. we cannot get your items to you until monday 4/21/14.  I say okay, please schedule it that day.  He asked if I wanted 8am to 2pm or 12pm to 6pm.  I tell him 2pm - 6pm, and he let's me know someone will call me the night before to narrow the time frame to a 3 hour window.  I think great, I've arranged my life, and my mothers life so that she can go to my house and wait for my furniture if I cannot make it out of my meetings in time to be there and I beg my boss to please provide me half day at work for this special circumstance because I'm tired of sitting on the floor in my giant empty house. My boss agrees and I think it's all settled.  But it get better because it's not even literally 30 seconds after I hang up when I get a voicemail message telling me they actually cannot bring my furniture monday 4/21/14 but they've decided to move it to 4/22/14.  Moved my appointment? What? After I just got done on the phone telling you I'm a psycho workaholic with barely enough time to sleep let alone sit around a house for 8 wasted hrs waiting for furniture.  And you've taken it upon yourself to move it to 8am-2pm as well, even better!!! ***sarcasm***  I call them back now speaking with a different scheduler again, and tellt hem I specifically said I couldn't make it that day. What happened to my monday appt?  Scheduler #3 tells me that it's too short notice and it has to be pushed further out, how about wednesday 4/23/14.  I tell her no, I have important meetings all day, I cannot just drop my life whenever THEY want me to and let her know I'll call back.  So I do call back, today 4/18/14 to arrange it with PLENTY of time for 4/26/14 and they tell me I'm all set...or so you would think wouldn't you.  I ask, is it a morning time frame or afternoon time frame?  Scheduler #4 doesn't know what I mean so I let him know everyone else I've talked to has always given me the options of morning or afternoon.  I would like to arrange 8am to 2pm.  But Scheduler #4 tells me that's not even an option and that they've all been instructed not to provide time frames.  I explain to him the headache they've put me through trying to get ahold of my own furniture that I paid for already a month ago and I just want my stuff now, quit holding it hostage.  But scheduler #4 tells me, "can't you just pick a day you have the whole day off?"  Well yeah but that's not for weeks so now I have to request another special day off of work so I can sit at home all day long waiting for them to show.  I give up and give in, book it, and scheduler #4 hangs up briskly. What an @$$hole!!!!!!
3 I've been to their Scottsdale store, and just this week they opened a new store at 67th Ave & the 10 Freeway.  The prices are OK, but the mdse is about the same as everywhere else.  They hardly have anything "modern" even though their name and logo made me think there would be more contemporary and modern furniture in the store.  I wish they wouldn't play it so "safe" with their selection.  It would be nice to have another choice for modern reasonably priced furniture, other than Ikea.
1 Two weeks later we still have no clue when the table will be arriving.  I spoke with a nice customer service manager who stated that they were be offering a 10 percent discount to be refunded to my credit card used for the purchase and was also told that i would get weekly updates on when to expect our table.  I have not seen the refund on the credit card and have not heard from anyone in the store.  I was also told that i could go to the store and pick out a new table and that they would offer a 10% percent discount on the new table.  Well to no shock the store has no clue about being ale to do this.  I was in complete shock that they want to ensure that i am a living space customer for life but you arent working really hard at this.    I called in myself to try to find a status on the order.  Someone answered the phone and stated that they were extremely busy and if they could call back within the hour.  I agreed and gave them a call back number.  After about an hour and half i phone living spaces again to gather the information needed.  The lady i spoke with was able to give me the information but really didnt seem like she wanted to be speaking on the phone.  Two hours after my original call i recieved a phone call from a lady who stated this call was on her call back list but was confused why she was calling me.    I am really not sure what is going with living spaces but I know that a company that runs and works like this will lose countless customers.
2 The nightmare is almost over.  I visited the Scottsdale location last week because it is so much easier to deal with this company in person than over the phone.  I was there and worked with their staff to everything delivered after 6pm on May 7th.  I received a phone call May 6th to confirm my delivery time of 3pm-6pm.  I explained to them that it was supposed to be delivered after 6pm as i would not be home until then.  I also explained to her that i was at the store and worked with the general manager to have it delivered after 6pm.  That rep explained to me that it most likely would be after 6pm as i would be last on the deliver route.  I explained that i wanted to speak to a manager and she stated that she could not get them out of the meeting.  I explained then i would want one to call me back and she stated that it would be 24 hours for a call back.  I said i was not happy about that and ended the phone call.   On the morning of May 7th i received a call from a customer service manager stating the table would be delivered before 6pm as they could not deliver it after 6 because it wasnt set up that way.  I called them back to get to the bottom the issue and talked to another customer service manager Josh at 2pm and he stated that he would see what he could do to get it delivered and called me back over 2 hours later and then stated that he could not have it delivered today and they would deliver it tomorrow night between 8pm and 12am.  Meanwhile the delivery driver is calling my phone 10 times to tell me he was there.  I phone living spaces back and asked to speak to Josh and was told by this rep named Elizabeth that he was not taking phone calls right now and she explained everything to me.  She stated that there is no way that they were going to have it delivered tonight.  I stated that i would go pick it up but i would expect them to process a credit for the amount of the delivery since i am having to drive and pick up the product.  She stated that they are not authorized to do that but are authorized to credit $50 and deliver the next day.  I stated that was not acceptable and told them i wanted Josh or Josh's manager Jackie and of course i went over 3 hours without hearing from anyone. In the mean i drove 30 mins to get to the North Scottsdale location and everyone in there remembered me and what i have been put there and asked how everything was.  I told them not good and i was walked to the counter where the managers were.  I spoke with AJ the general manager who i could tell was visible upset that i was being put there this again.  Aj then got on the phone with people and tried to make this right.  Needless to say i applaud everyone at the North Scottsdale location they truly are there to take care of the customers and make sure they enjoy their purchase and spending there money at Living Spaces.  About 20 minutes later i got a call from AJ who let me know that he was able to get it delivered tonight.  I was excited and then i get home and received a phone call from Josh the customer service manager who was supposed to call 2 hours prior and goes well i wanted to call you back and i see that you have gone to the store and they will be delivering it tonight.  I said yes Aj was able to get that done since you failed at having it delivered even though i spoke to you before 4 pm which is your cut off for same day delivery.  I explained to him that i would still expect the $50 credit that they offered me and said i am not sure if we can do that but i will speak to the store manager.  He then ended the conversation.  I am still wondering if i am going to receive a phone call back about my credit or not.  But i am glad that this nightmare is over and my table is in my house.   I WOULD LIKE TO THANK EVERY SINGLE PERSON AT THE NORTH SCOTTSDALE LOCATION.  EVERYONE IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE OFFICE COULD REALLY LEARN SOMETHING FROM YOU AND THE WAY YOU TREAT EVERYONE.  AS FOR JOSH, JACKIE AND ELIZABETH YOU NEED TO LEARN HOW TO TREAT PEOPLE THE WAY I WAS TREATED BY YOU AND ALL THE OTHER REPS WAS DISGUSTING.    I WILL BE TELLING EVERYONE I KNOW ABOUT THIS EXPERIENCE AND HAVE TOLD COUNTLESS PEOPLE AND WILL CONTINUE TO TELL COUNTLESS PEOPLE TO NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH LIVING SPACES.
5 Just purchased a couch and reclaimed wood cabinet, as well as, a beautiful solid wood side table at a discounted price of $72. We purchased the floor model at 1/2 the cost and the cabinet was as is. Very happy with the quality of all the pieces, the fantastic deal that we got, and the delivery being no hassle with very professional movers. The store is very well set up, no overbearing sales people trying to get their commission. Just very professional, very courteous staff to help us. This is one furniture store that has great quality merchandise (no resonated wood) all solid well built furniture at reasonable cost. We are very happy with our experience with Living Spaces and will surely recommend and come back again.
4 Great place to buy furniture! Had great sales guys, Konnie for my couch and Gabe for my mattress. No hassle, no sales pitches, fantastic selection and great prices. They make it easy and explain all the options. The only problem is getting out of there without redoing your whole house!
1 I would like to give 0 stars, but since that's not an option , I am forced to give 1 star.  The store itself has a good display and the problem starts when u buy something and have it delivered to your home , they delivered a broken product and after having it replaced I got a broken product again, the customer service is a nightmare  to deal with. I am still having to get my stuff replaced again because of the broken product again, I would recommend to stay away from this store as much as possible.
4 What great service I got here from my sales rep I wish I could say the same about the entire store experience. My husband and I are not your average Couple and can seem a but unconventional and it was a bit frustrating that no one even asked if we needed help until our rep came over.  At one point we almost left because we thought we'd were being discriminated against and that doesn't have often.   Once she came over, she made sure we had beverages ( and cookies) I had my 3 young sons in the store and she had someone take them the kids center so we could talk business and made up for my entire experience. I ended up spending quite a bit of money at that. If it wasn't for her the store would have gotten zero stars but her commitment to excellence gives the store 4 stars and 5 for her individually
1 Worst furniture nightmare of my life!  Absolutely do NOT buy from these guys if you are planning on having your furniture delivered!  They showed up exactly at midnight on a Sunday and left damaged furniture that I tried to refuse.  They were supposed to send someone back the next day to pick up.  It has now been 4 days and I have taken 2 days off work for their so called scheduled pickup times only for them not to show up.  Absolutely ridiculous!!!  I lost more money in wage from unpaid work time then this was worth!
5 I bought a leather sofa set and 4 tables here. The sales staff were excellent. They moved tables around for us to see if with the leather sofas we selected. The delivery service was great. The delivery people called the night before and also when they were 30 minutes out. I was worried about the delivery piece because of previous reviews. I had no problems at all!
5 Wandered in just looking. Was really surprised at pricing. Very friendly staff, no pressure very knowledgeable. Went back and bought a couch. Every action from purchase to delivery went exactly as said. High quality, great pricing, hard to imagine a better place to purchase.
1 Yes, the staff is friendly here. And yes, they constantly make you aware of the fact they they are non-commission.  All that being said.....this company sells absolute garbage.  I purchased a sofa and it was delivered within the amount of time promised. Great!  Our new sofa is here!  NO!  Not great at all. While it looked beautiful it felt just god awful. My back would have felt better sitting on a cement floor. This couldn't possibly be the same marshmallowy soft sofa we chose in the showroom?  I understand the showroom model was broken in, but the one in our home was straight up hard as a rock. We unzip the cushions to find the material inside was not only falling apart but filthy.   So we start calling customer service and this is where things really got hairy. The stores do not have phones. There is no corporate number you can call to speak to a "higher up."  There is one phone number that exists for this entire company. First call seemed to go well. The customer service associate was very friendly and promised we'd receive a call back within 24 hours. No call. Things went this way for 3 weeks.  I requested (demanded rather) a manager or supervisor. I was told I would hear from said manager or supervisor within 24 hours.  No call. We made over a dozen calls to this company and NOT ONE was returned. All we wanted was for them to pick up the sofa...which we had not used, and refund our money. We finally ended up disputing the charge with Amex who reassured us they would resolve the issue. And what a surprise..... We finally get a call from a manager saying they will get the couch and refund our money (minus the $99 delivery fee). The day of the pickup is a whole different fiasco, they promised one time and never showed so we had to call.. Yadda, yadda, yadda.  This company should be ashamed of themselves for treating customers this way.  I suppose you get what you pay for... Sub-par crap products and no customer service or ethics.
5 I recently moved to Scottsdale and had heard about Living Spaces.  I visited the store and was given outstanding assistance by their salesperson  Barbara Walters.  I bought a number of items including a sofa, rug and tables for my new living room, the delivery came on the date as promised and I'm happy with every aspect of dealing with these folks.  From the variety of products to the price to the delivery I give these folks an A+ for every facet of my experience with them
1 Poor quality furniture. Horrible customer service. Had major issues with the couches that were delivered.
