2 Food was mediocre with poor service.  Started off pleasant but then our waiter disappeared and it took 25 minutes for breakfast (eggs) to arrive.  Restaurant was moderately full but not packed.  Toast was burnt and our waiter could not be found.  Unfortunate since there are not as many breakfast options within walking distance from the Red Rock. Be interested to see if others (hopefully) had a better experience.
4 Steak and eggs were 3.5 stars, and the friendly & attentive service from Margie (from Brooklyn!) edged it to 4 stars  The coffee strength is inconsistent here.  Sometimes you get an overly bitter batch.  Today we had a lighter batch.  -Smoked salmon Benedict.  Benedict sandwich was tasty but a little sweet.  The hash brown were cold and greasy.  Fruit cup was fresh and a nice salad.  Kids said: -banana foster French toast 5 stars! -Belgian waffles without the caramel sauce was 3.5 stars, but add the warm caramel sauce from the banana foster and it's a 4.
4 My boyfriend and I came here for dinner after seeing that the line for the buffet was three miles long. We wanted burgers anyway, but LBS was packed and this place was relatively empty... seemed like a good choice.  We got the buffalo chicken wings as an appetizer and they were amazing, so everything was looking good. Then we got the burgers.   I got the bleu cheese bacon burger, and my bf got the classic. To quote him; "Wow, this is f*cking delicious." The burgers are VERY messy and gooey, so if you don't want your plate to look like a sea of condiments when you're done eating, then maybe this isn't the place for you. But I personally prefer that, and we left extremely happy.  Minus a star because the service was kind of slow and it took forever for us to get our appetizer. But the food was delicious. We'll be back.   (Bonus points: they're open 24 hours... good if you are starving after a late movie, like I often am!)
2 Food was ok, a bit overpriced, but it was in the casino. But the service took forever for coffee, over 20 minutes to get the bill after asking for it. stick with the basics, oatmeal, french toast, dont try anything fancy because they don't do it well.
1 The service here is terrible.  It does not matter whether the restaurant is slow or busy. The food consistently comes out cold. We have tried to give them many chances and it never changes. Today I ordered a pot of their fresh brewed black tea.  The bus boy brings me out a cup of hot water and a tea bag. When I asked if they changed their tea -  he's short with me and tells me that they are out of pots??  The place is almost empty. No apology and just walks away.   Then the food comes out. Round one.  My sausages are luke warm at best.  I send them back. Round two.  My sausages are RAW. No apology from the waiter. He just looks to make sure I'm not lying. A few minutes later, he comes back,  without a word, grabs the check off the table and brings it back  (He took my meal off but never said a word).   I've stayed away for a long time ftom here for experiences like this.  I'm not sure I will give them anymore.
1 Ordered a bowl of soup and bread and butter. Was told I would be charged 4.99 for bread and butter.  Never heard of such a thing. Talked to the manager and his response was " I don't make the rules." Will not be eating here again.
3 My mom and I had dinner here recently.  It was just okay.  Service was a bit slow to start.  We got seated pretty quickly but then sat there for 10 minutes before someone came over.  There was a bus boy setting up some tables next to us and he finally realized we had been there awhile and asked one of the other waiters who had our table.  Turns out it was another waitress.  She finally came over and took our drink and food order.  My mom had the shrimp & fries basket.  My mom has this often and it was about the same this time.  I had the blue cheese, bacon burger.  I would say it was just okay.  Not the most flavorful burger.  Too much lettuce.  Good coleslaw.    We did get a nice bread basket which seems to only come when the waiter wants to give to you.  Actually found out it only comes when you order a dinner entrée and not a salad, sandwich, breakfast, etc.  It is a nice soft bread warmed up.  We will probably be back since we are at Red Rock often.
5 I come here once in while with my boyfriend for steak n eggs @ midnight. It's a place where you can talk and wait for the food to come. If you are very impatient then this is not the place for you. The service doesn't suck. You just have to wait more than usual. Keep in mind this is not a fast food restaurant! The food is great. All employees are very nice. I've never had a problem coming here.
2 It's ok. If it's late and you want a place to eat, it's a good place to find some ok food.
2 Looks nice when you walk in.  This time I was seated immediately after the last "fake" wait.   It was dinnertime but I ordered the crab and avocado omelet.  Hash browns were nasty.  Omelet was overcooked and kind of dry.  There was supposed to be a sauce with it and there was a couple tablespoons of something like white gravy in the middle of the plate but not enough to fix the dry.  The waiter was fast, efficient and friendly so points there.  Honestly, the best thing about the experience was the hot tea!  I drink a lot of tea so I was thrilled the had chamomile because caffeine and I don't get alone and when a bigger than average metal pot was brought I noticed it was heavy on the bottom.  One of my big pet peeves is tea gets cold fast.  This didn't happen.  That pot might have been heated on the bottom and then had boiling water poured over the loose leaf tea (no tacky low-grade bags).  Plus, it wasn't a funky mug but a fairly decent cup albeit not as thin and delicate as traditional tea cups... but this made me happy. Honestly, I would go there for a cup of tea!  Aside from the fact that it's convenient and I enjoyed the tea experience, I've had better food at IHOP for half the price.
1 Horrible service.  Hostess too busy chit chatting with the bakery counter to seat us. Water came after we had to ask twice.  My my diet drink never came.  My order came out incorrect.  Geez.  Is the manager sleeping?  They have such bad reviews, don't they think they need to improve?
3 Overall, the food was great. But the one night we were hankering late, they closed to "clean." That was a huge bummer. Besides that minor inconvenience, it is clean and moderately priced to avoid the more expensive places.
4 Close to home. Excellent prices and the service has always been good.  Great place for a steak and baked potato.  $9.95 It's really nice to sit on the patio for breakfast.
1 Services is good.   Food is a complete different story..   My Sunday special: chicken cordon blue was not completely cooked. No wonder it tasted kind of chewy, and harder to cut.. I sent it back! Guess from now, I need to watch all their chicken dishes I order in the future.
1 We were a party of 5, mid week Wednesday, 9pm. Entrees were fish and chips, Reuben, Philly Steak, Fried Chicken, and a Ribeye. There was not one good thing said from around the booth about any one of these meals. Waste of money, waste of time, should of headed into town a little further and stopped at The Peppermill. It would of been the same price, with much better food.
