5 Where can I start? First, Andrea, the founder and "SOLE" proprietor of Feetish (ya gotta love the name!), is the sweetest gal you'd ever meet. The Feetish Spa is beautifully appointed, on the 2nd floor of an incredibly funky and wonderful creative arts building called Emergency Arts, in downtown Las Vegas, on Fremont St.  Since she's a licensed esthetician and massage therapist, she can completely take care of you head to toe. I got two of her services bundled: a wonderful back treatment (ahhh) and the Signature Feetment (gotta love that name, too!). I got her Signature Facial the next day, which also included a complimentary brow shaping and waxing. Nice touch. She also throws in a full size bottle of peppermint foot balm with the Signature Feetment, also a wonderful surprise. I felt so relaxed after the treatment, I just wanted to wallow in the post-massage zone!  I had been in Vegas at a convention for a few days and my puppies were pooped out after walking around so much. I stumbled into Feetish on the recommendation of a Las Vegas local friend of mine and I can't thank them enough. I am going to visit Andrea and Feetish Spa every time I am in town. You should, too!
5 I had no idea that there was such a talented enchanting spa space downtown. Located in the back of the second floor of Emergency arts and the Beat Coffee shop, this little gem is awaiting to sweep you off your feet via the best facial ever! I was lucky enough to get a 75 minute break from reality and the outcome was baby ass smooth face with the extractions being done by the gentlest pair of hands ever. Never had my nose get clear of blackheads without shedding a tear and feeling relaxed throughout.  Treat yourself or a friend to the best face treatment ever and come out feeling like a star!
5 Wow!  I have had many pedicures in my time due to ongoing foot issues. This was without a doubt the best ever. Feetish Spa is quiet and relaxing with a unique decor that will definitely be remembered as a unique spot in Fremont East. Each client is gets the full attention of  Andrea's amazing time and skills. Will be back as this my new Las Vegas pedicure spot!
5 Andrea is lovely and I was so glad when she announced nail services.  I got 60 min pedicure. Gel polish is a complimentary choice here NOT an upsell, way cool! Foot rubs are her specialty, which are enjoyed while reclining on comfy massage bed. I noticed the ornate looking ceiling panels Andrea installed were so much fancier than the grids throughout Emergency Arts. Even the floors are done to match the deep cozy tones of her decor.  She gave me extra time during my appointment, which she had made same day for after hours slot! Downtown gem for sure, and don't worry about walking out post pedi she splurges on extra durable flip flops for you:)
5 We were on a little vacation in Downtown Las Vegas. My husband had set up an appointment for me for a massage and facial and surprised me with it.   Andrea is so sweet and her place is comfy and sets a perfect ambiance for you to relax during your treatment. It's just her in this room that is divided with curtains for privacy etc. So it's not a huge massage center which is great because it is more personal and quiet. She is very skilled at massaging. I will absolutely make an appointment again, next time I'm in the area.
5 The Pedicure from a guys point of view -  An hour with Andrea is something that every guy should experience  once in his life.  Although I don't think that once will be enough. I have  had lots of pedicures but this experience was better in every way!   After visiting  Feetish Spa, I love downtown even more than I did before!  Do your feet a big favor~    Upstairs in the Emergency Arts building (Beat Coffee Shop)  it's a seance for the feet (that's a inside joke)
