5 Let's start with booking the appointment- It could not have been any easier! I went online, answered a few simple question, picked a date, was given an estimated time needed to clean my home, price, and done! I immediately received an email confirmation; which included the name of the home cleaner, as well as the name of a customer service specialist that I could contact if necessary. I was very impressed with the communication by Homejoy. A few days later, I received a call to inform me that my appointment was being changed from 1 home cleaner to 2 and half the time, perfect!! Much more convenient for me. A day before my appointment, I received a "reminder" email, which I much appreciated, as I always have a million things going on! After the cleaning, I also received a follow-up email to see how things went.  Now the cleaning- Both ladies arrived together and on time! A third person came with them, (I believe it was their supervisor, he left after the walk-through) they all introduced themselves, were professional, polite, pleasant, and spoke English :).We did a walk-through of my home. They asked me if there was anything special that I wanted them to do or a place that they were not to touch. We spoke for a few minutes and then they got right to cleaning. They brought ALL of their own supplies, everything! The only special request that I made when booking the appointment was that my oven be cleaned, I did not remind them at the walk-through and it was done! I left my home and let them clean. Came back about  30 minutes before the estimated time and they were both done! I did a quick walk through before they left. Again, when leaving, they were both very polite and professional.  After they left, I went over MY ENTIRE home, I am anal about how my home is cleaned and I have to say they did an AWESOME job! My bedrooms, bathrooms, mirrors looked spotless. My kitchen looked perfect, no smears on the stainless steel appliances. I left dishes in the sink and she washed them, even put the dishes in the dish washer away, she did the best to figure out where everything went. I appreciate when someone takes the initiative to do something! I have white tile flooring downstairs, so hard to keep cleaning. I could have literally eaten off the floor. In my son's room, she even fixed all his plush animals neatly on his crib!  They definitely pay attention to detail!  I was very impressed with the service, communication, and professionalism!    Lastly, I have always been a bit nervous about having strangers alone in my home unsupervised; you have to trust who you leave in  your home. Although, it is an option to stay home while they clean, it's a bit uncomfortable and I'm sure they do a much better job when they don't have the home owner watching everything they do.... Anyway, I have to admit, I left some small bills on the dresser, and other things just laying around, and nothing was touched, everything was the way that I left it. So I can honestly say that Homejoy hires trustworthy people who you can feel comfortable inviting in to your home!
5 This was an amazing experience. Rochelle did a wonderful job on my home. Had never done this before. Saw it on groupon and thought I would try it. I was injured recently and have not been able to do much. My home smells so clean and everything sparkles. I have 3 dogs, so you can imagine. I highly recommend this service. A supervisor even came by to make sure everything was done correctly. I will definitely use them again. It makes me feel better just knowing my house is so clean. Thank you Rochelle.
3 Not the best, but definitely not the worst.  I bought a Groupon for Homejoy, booking the appointment was very easy on their site and I liked that you could add extra services - like having your fridge cleaned, laundry, etc.   They were very punctual and polite. Overall I wouldn't say she did a bad job, it's just for 6.5 hours of cleaning and quite a bit of money (the groupon and then adding on services and extra cleaning hours), I would have expected my kitchen table or counters wiped off. There were several other common areas that were not dusted.My baseboards were not wiped down like they said they would be. Mirrors, tv and appliances had streaks on them. I was just expecting more.   I really liked that they sent a survey after she left. I ended up calling customer service before they could contact me. They were really great, very understanding and worked hard to provide me with a solution that I was happy with.   Overall, not the worst experience, just really not the best.
4 I had a 5 1/2 hour cleaning today by 1 young lady, she did a good job especially considering how long it had been since my shower had last seen some love.  The price was right.  I'll have her in again next month and see what see she can do with a clean(er) slate:)
1 I found this company via groupon.  I am moving into a new house across town and I wanted to clean it before I move in because I'm allergic to dust, and the place has carpets.  I don't want to move all my things in until it's clean so I can get the maximum amount of dust out of the house.  I needed an appointment STAT so I called and they said they don't make same day appointments (even thought I called really early in the day) and the only available one they had was 3 days from then.  So I rearranged things in my super busy schedule, and grabbed the appointment.  The appointment day came around.  I drove 40 min across town to the house to let the cleaner in, and they NEVER SHOWED UP.  I got a call a few minutes after my appointment time saying that my cleaner's car broke down so he couldn't make it.  I explained to the lady on the phone that I just changed my whole schedule and drove 40 min across town to be there, and if a broken car was the only issue, then I would go PICK THE CLEANER UP who was supposed to clean the house and drive him there myself.  She said she would call him and ask.  30 min later she called me to tell me that she couldn't reach him.  So I wasted that whole afternoon.  I called back today to make an appointment.  A girl named Chole picked up the phone and at first I thought she couldn't hear me, but after a few minutes of trying to communicate with her, I realized that she just did not care to give good customer service.   I asked her how her day was and she didn't answer me.  When I told her I wanted to reschedule an appointment that no one showed up to, she just said "OK."  and then there was a really awkward silence.  15 seconds into the silence I asked her again if she was still there and could hear me ok.  She said "yes."  I had to ask her what info she needed from me.  "do you need my name?  or number? or address?"  she just bluntly goes "your name."  Almost as if she was annoyed I was calling.  I asked if they had any appointments on THURSDAY.  She goes "Yeah, what time?"  I had to ask her what time they had available.  I ended up booking a 12:30pm appointment.  Then I asked her multiple times "OK, THIS THURSDAY AT 1230, Correct?"  "Yes." she said.   This girl did not give out any helpful information unless I pulled it out of her.  Like pulling teeth!  I thanked her and hung up the phone.    An hour later I got an email saying "You appointment has been rescheduled for FRIDAY at 1230pm.  We hope this time is convenient for you."  But of course it's NOT CONVENIENT!  If it was I would have made the appointment for friday not thursday.    So I called back AGAIN and was put on hold for 15 minutes.  I had to hang up because I was at work and I used my whole break to call.    I called back on my second break of the day.  On hold AGAIN for my entire break and had to hang up again.    Got off of work and called a third time and there was an answering machine saying they were closed.  I'm so angry at the level of unprofessionalism that this company has shown me, and I haven't even had my house cleaned yet!!!!!!!   I can't even reach them to tell them that I can't be there friday.  I already paid for this groupon and I want my money back.  I do not recommend them.  What a waste of my time.
1 I would not recommend this cleaning service. My husband and I have busy schedules so we thought that we would use this company to help us with the house cleaning. It is just the two of us so our house is pretty clean already. We just needed dusting, vacuuming, mopping,  sanitizing, that sort of thing. The person cleaning out house, Dhon, was on time and polite. I showed him around the house and what areas needed the most attention. He asked to use my vacuum cleaner because his wasn't very good. So I showed him where ours was. He started vacuuming the guest room. He only did it for half a minute when it stopped and I noticed that he switched outlets. I later hear him flipping on and off the light switches. I didn't think anything of it but I later found out he blew a fuze and didn't even inform us. I also heard something get caught in the vacuum and I later found out that it was part of our carpet. We had to repair part of our carpet... Something else he forgot to tell us. After he left and I inspected the house in a little more detail, I noticed that he didn't clean the showers or the kitchen counters. He didn't use any window/glass cleaner on a lot of the glass. He didn't even lift the rugs in the bathroom when he swept. It was horrible. I will never use this company again. Worst thing is I felt bad for him because he said he arrived at our house an hour and a half early because he got off early from his shift from his other job and he had been up all night but he didn't want to wake us up so he waited in our driveway and slept. I gave him a $20 tip cause he seemed like he was trying but after I saw how he did cleaning our house, I wish I wouldn't have. This is the second time I have used this company. The first time I used this service, the guy did a mediocre job. Nothing impressive but worth the money since I used an amazon local coupon. I thought I would try it again to see if u could get a better cleaner, but now I know that it is just a crappy company.
1 Disappointed! I haven't had my house cleaned yet and they already canceled the appointment that was scheduled for tomorrow.  I made time in my schedule to get my house cleaned before guests arrive in a couple of days.  The person they had scheduled canceled due to a personal matter.  I bought this through groupon.  I will write another review once I do finally get my house cleaned. For now giving a rating of one star because they should have more than one person in case something like this happens.  Not the way to do business. They charge a $40.00 cancellation fee if you cancel within 24 hours. Hmm!
1 The woman came on time to clean my home.  I showed her around and told her what I wanted cleaned.  The kitchen, the master bath, and guest bathroom cleaned.  I told her not to go into the rooms with closed doors. The other bedrooms and closets.  My husband and I left the house to run errands.  We came home 30 minutes early.   My kitchen floor needed mopping before and the counters and stove needed wiping.  When we came home the kitchen floor was mopped but not clean.  the counters were wiped but still there were some crumbs left on the counter.  The master bathroom tub was still dirty.  She said she spent 45 minutes on the tub alone.  Well, I can get my tub clean.  The guest bathroom tub was still dirty.  Visible soap build up. The cleaning supplies she brought seemed to have been bought at a dollar store. Swifer jet mops. Still dirt on my floors... didn't sweep at all or get the corners.   I would have done a better job... and I will have to go behind what this woman did not do and clean up myself. At least she got the bulk of it started.   Not what I wanted.  I'm out $$ and really upset that I could have done a better job myself.  So not pleased!!   Oh, and my master closet door was shut because I have my purses and jewelry box in there... well, it was cracked open when I got home.  A room she wasn't supposed to open.  I immediately checked my purse that had basically junk in it and my jewelry box.  I told her she did a good job and sent her on her way.  I didn't tell her she did a horrible job because I don't her returning to my house for revenge. I won't be using Homejoy again.
5 Easy to book and super convenient. My apartment isn't that big but sometimes I just don't want to clean it. I've had Shelby twice now as my cleaner and she is super sweet and does such an AMAZING job! She literally cleaned things that I thought were a hopeless cause. My dog slobbers all over the windows and she got it all off and believe me, I've tried to clean them, it's not easy.   All and all, great experience and I trust her being in my apartment which has always been a hard thing for me. Oh, and she's great with my dog!
1 Very unprofessional cleaners. I walked in my house and install noticed she didn't vaccum the living room! How do you not vaccum???? I gave them 3 shots and the work was never right.
2 Disappointing experience.  Cleaner did NOT bring her own supplies, for which I paid a $5 upcharge to the company.  She failed to vacuum my bedroom and adjacent office.  She brought no mop or pail or tile cleaner ... I had to provide all of them.   And she left with my cleaning pail to use for other clients.  She was a nice person, however.  Just not trained as well as she should have been from a company like this.  Shameful!
4 We had Letisia come and clean our house today- she did a great job! We weren't sure how many hours to book but we did 4.5 hours for our 4BR house (but had her skip two empty bed rooms). I was impressed all that she was able to accomplish in 4.5 hours and left the house nice and clean! Cleaned the bathrooms, scrubbed showers, swept and mopped all the down stairs tile, cleaned all the countertops. The Home Joy website is super easy to use and you can select preferred cleaners on your preferences as well. we will definitely use them again in the future! I like how the site sends you a text reminder of when your appt is scheduled too.
