5 Another success for a chain that shows promise to dominate the burger scene! This newest Las Vegas location offers delicious made to order burgers, chicken sandwiches and milkshakes (loved the pb&j). Ask for the fried pickles, which are not on the menu but the "secret menu." The sweet potato fries were also great. The burger with truffle oil & mushrooms was a standout for me, and I will return for more!
3 I was super excited to try this place I had only heard good things.   As always I'll start with the positives.   Very clean dining area but it just opened so I expect that.   Good malt & good fries. I tried the black bean burger. I can't say it was bad but it's not my preference. It was just that, black beans & only black beans with spice. No other veggies so I'm sure some enjoy this type of burger but it just wasn't my cup of tea.   Now onto the negatives. First, it was raining   like crazy we parked right in front of the door and have a newborn so we made a mad dash for the door. To my surprise when we opened it there stood two employees chatting guess they couldn't open the door for customers? Strange. The employees were just awkward, first job for majority of them I'm sure but very weird. No sense in going into further detail but very weird behavior. They charged us wrong. Charged us for a root beer float rather than just a root beer. We signed & then recognized the error so they fixed it but we'll have to watch our statement to make sure we don't get charged twice.    As we were "enjoying" our meal someone was banging very loudly on the back door. For a few mins this went on.Another patron had to get up and inform an employee. Turns out another employee got locked out in the rain & I guess they couldn't walk around to the front of the restaurant. Again, weird. Let's bang on the door with a restaurant full of customers.   I feel Im being beyond fair with 3 stars. We'll try it again but most likely order togo.
1 Let me begin by saying I had heard great things about Smashburger and I love burgers and chicken sandwiches. That being said, I will never eat at one again thanks to my poor experience at the Eastern location. I walk in and decide on getting the club burger, which I then decide to change to the club chicken to try to be healthy. I ordered onion strings and a nutter butter shake, so much for healthy. The young lady helping me put in the order and about ten seconds later I decided that the burger sounded better. She changes the order and quickly tells the cook in the kitchen to make it a burger instead. He immediately begins yelling from the kitchen about how much food they've wasted today by changing orders and that he had already put the chicken on the grill. I could see that the young lady was embarrassed from the scene he was causing, so I said I'll just take the chicken.  A few minutes later the shake comes out, which was good. Followed by my chicken sandwich and onion strips. I take two bites of the chicken and it tastes like rubber. The onion strips were pure grease, so I stopped after two bites from them. All this as two young ladies are sweeping the floors around me and spraying cleaning products on the tables around me. Always a pleasant experience when you're trying to eat. I stop eating and one of the young men that works there walks by and askes how the food is. I tell him that the shake was good, but the chicken tasted like rubber and the onion strips were all grease. He responds by saying that they are known for their burgers and he has heard several people say the chicken is rubbery. He then follows up by saying that he made the shake and was glad I liked it. He then walked away.  After a few minutes I asked to speak with the manager. He comes out and I explain everything to him. His response...yeah, I've had to spaak to that cook several times about doing that, but he's a bit upset because they keep changing the orders on him. He then says that he's sorry I didn't like the food and they are trying to get the kitchen running how they want it. He then walks away. Doesn't offer to refund my money or make me something else, just walks away. I spent almost $15 on food and ate about $6 worth. I wouldn't have even expected all of my money back, just the money for the chicken and onion strings. Total disappointment in the quality of service and food. Luckily In-N-Out was down the street. Two double doubles for half the price hit the spot.  My recommendation: DO NOT go to this Smashburger until they make some major changes in the service and kitchen standards.
2 Oh boy....well, the burgers aren't bad but there are definitely better ones. The service is horrible. Today we were told to move from our seats because a table was reserved-yes, somehow people that came in after us and ordered after us "reserved" a table. Seriously? Since when does smashburger take reservations? They don't. Apparently they are friends with an employee and they made us move while we waited for our food. Anyway, I won't be back-this truly soured me.
1 Gave it another try & unfortunately I won't be back.   Ordered the Avocado Club with Chicken. No bacon or ranch. Came out as a Avocado Club with Meat. Don't eat red meat. Had a feeling cashier wasn't listening very well when I ordered. This was confirmed when he handed me the receipt & asked me TWICE what my change was. Wow.   For $20.70 we got an Avocado Club with a fountain drink, a mushroom swiss burger with smash fries & a bottled root beer. A lil pricey now that I think about it. Nothing special to these 'creations' other than the meat being 'smashed'. No special ingredients or sauces. I can make this at home for a lot cheaper.   Staff is still awkward. Cleaning with products as people are eating. Also employees eating in dinning room in uniform. No. No. No.   Ahhh good luck to y'all.
4 First time at this location. I had a smashburger with cheese and regular fries. Much better and not greasy like the last time (at a different location) . The regular fries were really good too. It was really crowded when we got there and it took quite a while to get our food but I will still come back because the food was really good!
4 I shared a nice lunch with my husband on a Sunday afternoon.  We were actually on our way to Cafe Zupas but I forgot they were closed on Sundays.  Since Smashburger was next door, let's try it!  There was quite a line but it moved very quickly.  I think there were other people who forgot about the other place being closed.  The cashier was very friendly taking my order.  Quick, efficient and smiling!  Great!  We decided to split the Spicy Baja Chicken Sandwich with the Smashfries.  The sandwich was tasty!  It had fresh jalapeños, pepper jack cheese, guacamole and the regular 'fixins'.  It had a great spicy flavor that we really enjoy.  The chicken could have been a little thicker.  It was very thin but maybe that's just to cook it quicker.  I guess it's not just smashburger.....   it's smash'chicken' as well!  The Smashfries were shoestring fries with rosemary, olive oil and garlic.  I honestly didn't taste much garlic but the rosemary really came out.  It was a different taste on my fries which I really liked!  Not too shabby Smashburger!  The dining area was busy but kept clean.  As people ate and left, there were employees coming out right away to wipe the tables and clear any dishes left.  That's always a plus to see.    They had some really great looking shakes being prepared so I think I will stop in next time for just one of those!
3 My friends and I tired Smashburger for the first time earlier today and my experience was okay. As soon as we walked inside it felt warm and humid inside, not sure if the A/C was on or not. It didn't really bothering me too much considering how packed it was inside.  I ordered the Avocado club with french fries and a regular drink. My total came out to $11 and some change, which was little pricey for a fast food burger joint. My burger tasted pretty good, the patty was moist, made with real bacon, and the vegetables on the burger seemed fresh.  The only problem was my friends ordered got messed up and we overheard the table next to us explaining to the server that their order got messed up as well. Overall the service was great, our server Joy was very friendly and food was decent.
5 First time trying smash burger and I've definitely found my new favorite burger place! I had the the truffle mushroom Swiss burger. The sauce to die for, I love truffle sauce and it was perfect. The mushrooms were super fresh, the burger wasn't too huge and the egg bun was fresh and has sea salt on it, soo yummy! My sister has the BBQ, bacon and cheddar burger, she loved it and I tried the friend onion... Amazing! We also shared smash fries and loved the flavor! Lastly, we shared a butter finger shake and it was also the perfect amount. I'll definitely be back! The service was awesome and the man who helped us order was really friendly.
4 I love this restaurant, but they took the goat cheese off the menu. That was the big draw for me, but thankfully there's other options. This location is new and is really good! I had the Avocado Club at this location. They waiter was really helpful too.
3 This place is good depending on what you like. We got a few burgers and nothing else. They were good, one was a barbecue and one mushroom. Good quality tastes like real meat not fillers. So on that note  not expensive, not a super deal either though. Everything is a la cart unless I missed something. There were tons of kids everywhere so it must be a family place, and the acoustics were terrible.  Not for me but could work if your into the burger thing.
1 We walked in and went to place our order and the person taking it was more concerned about their co-worker than taking the order.  I could hear the staff mocking a customer who requested their order be fixed.  We ordered all of our food at the same time and yet my daughter's food came out 15 min after ours. (Hot dog) there was no apology no anything.  All of the staff was unprofessional and goofing off and the food was terrible.  It was salty and not worth the money. The table next to us ordered shakes and the glasses came out half full. This was our first and last visit.
3 Since the beginning of reviews and the entire star system, I've struggled with what precisely each star means. One is obvious, as is 5. At what point does a restaurant go between 2 and 4?  2 may be overly harsh, but I *have* experienced better than Smashburger. 4 is right out. I can't imagine ever wanting to go back. 3 being "A-OK" felt right, but until I ate at Smashburger I didn't know precisely what that meant.  It meant the food was ok. I wouldn't crave it or think of it ever again. It didn't offend me.  The service was ok. It's self-service, not remarkable.  The restaurant was ok. It's decorated in a way that says "We want to be fun" but also "We don't want to work too hard".  The pricing is ok. Any higher and I would complain. Any lower and it would be more fitting, thus making me think it's better value.  The value is ok. I got enough food, it seemed a bit on the pricey side but not enough to make me question my sanity.  Smashburger: The very embodiment of a 3-star experience. I can't imagine going back, but not because it's bad, it's just not good.
5 AMAZING!!! The portobello mushroom smash burger with truffle mayonnaise was sooooooooo good and the smash fries with the rosemary and garlic are a perfect match!!!!!! The fact that they have local craft beers to match up with what your ordering instead if the same old boring stuff is a nice change and the staff was super nice which means I will definitely be going back soon!!!!!
4 First visit and a great visit! Came here for lunch during work and glad that I did. Small selection for a vegetarian but loved the burger I had. Ordered the sweet potato fries to go with my burger and they were delish!   Atmosphere was cozy and great to match the food. I will be making this a lunch spot for days to come. Excellent! Will have to come during off hours because I noticed they sell Red Fox beer, which is one of my favs!
2 Sadly my first Smashburger experience was an extreme dissapointment! Their customer service was horrible, the food was too salty, the surrounding tables were covered with trash, they screwed up our very simple order, and they didn't have any Tabasco. What burger joint doesn't have Tabasco? Obviously Smashburger. Perhaps we were there on an off day based on all the other reviews they received, but either way I won't be returning.
4 Quite good actually I was pretty surprised! The cashier who also helped us order was very nice and especially helpful. I ordered the classic, perfect choice for me and I liked that they have 2 sizes to choose from~ my husband ordered something with bacon which he enjoyed very much!     The olive oil & garlic fries are the MUST HAVE ITEM on the menu~      Definatly hives Freddie's a run for the $$
4 Surprisingly good burgers for a fast food chain. The sin city burger was bomb, great burger on a fresh egg bun and the smash fries were really good too. I will definitely be visiting again.
5 I don't even know where to begin, I ordered a smash burger with grilled onions, red onion, pickles, guacamole, cheese and smash sauce. I have never had a burger that was served to me HOT. I mean steaming, tongue burning hot. I also ordered the salted  caramel shake. One word: SINFUL!  Hubby and I split an order of smash fries and they too were delicious.   I love cheeseburgers. They at  a staple for me. Hate Steak-n-Shake, Really like Freddy's, and In-n-Out. But at this point, Smash Burger hits it out of the park. Now let's just see if they can remain consistent.
5 I don't even know where to begin, I ordered a smash burger with grilled onions, red onion, pickles, guacamole, cheese and smash sauce. I have never had a burger that was served to me HOT. I mean steaming, tongue burning hot. I also ordered the salted  caramel shake. One word: SINFUL!  Hubby and I split an order of smash fries and they too were delicious.   I love cheeseburgers. They at  a staple for me. Hate Steak-n-Shake, Really like Freddy's, and In-n-Out. But at this point, Smash Burger hits it out of the park. Now let's just see if they can remain consistent.
4 First time had the avocado burger with sweet potato fries delicious. very clean and enjoyable. Burger was a little greasy, but tasty. Also had nutter butter shake really good. Yummmm
2 Very disappointed in tonight's visit to the Eastern location. Our order consisted of a regular Smash Burger and an Avocado Club with an order of Smash fries. Order was placed with no problem however it took much longer for our order to come out than normal. Our smash fries were over done and  had visibly not been tossed in olive oil or any rosemary. We took the fries back up to the counter and asked for more rosemary. Employee took the fries and spoke to the cook. Cook then took the fries and basically dumped a quarter cup of oil and slopped a spoonful of rosemary on top. We ate our burgers but did not touch the oil drenched fries. I requested a refund for the fries and received my money back. This location has yet to get it right. Either too salty or too greasy. I'll stick to going to the Maryland location by UNLV.
4 Fast and friendly service.....kids enjoyed their meals too!
4 First timer at smash burger and it was great!  The service at this location was wonderful.  They have a good menu with lots of choices, but not overwhelming like other burger places.  I had the truffle mushroom burger with smash fries!  It was very favorful!  I also had a strawberry shake and it was delicious!  I will eat here again!
5 Loved my burger:  Hot and juicy with great condiments.   Served fast, done perfectly and loved the egg roll!   I got the classic burger, as I was really hungry for a good burger.   Also got the sweet potato fries which were okay, but not my favorite.  Order taker and waitress both very polite, and made the visit enjoyable.    The restaurant wasn't crowded but steady, no hurry to eat and get out.    Nice decor, clean and well maintained.    They serve Coca Cola Products.  Didn't try the shakes but it seems they have several interesting combinations, maybe next time.
2 Thr food is great and the host was good.  However I was asking for a burger to be made as advertised and as in past has been. The runner johnny made me feel horrible when he out loud told the chefs not to listen to my request for a medium done burger... if you have a certain temp for your burgers it needs to be posted and or politely tell the patron sorry we have a standard of cooking temp.  Do not tell the chefs not to do something that the guest asks of them. All I wanted was an apology. Never going back for the rude runner( possibly manager). I am a concierge and I have recomended this location in the past. Not anymore. Needs a lesson in customer satisfaction....
3 I'm not sure how this made it onto eaters list but I wasn't impressed. I've been a couple times and had different experiences each time.   Price is decent. Style is fast casual but chicken was too greasy.  Burgers are very messy but decent in flavor. However I would  consider come here before going most fast food places.  Honestly, I've had amazing burgers so I have high expectations.   I liked the French fries and flash fried veggies... Probably not healthy at all because it was too salty but I give them credit because it very unique.  It's not something I would order frequently though.
3 It was alright. I've had better burgers. And I've had worse burgers. It was cooked ok and flavorful enough. And I liked the bun. But the toppings were barely there. And the burger just wasn't juicy. The fries were not particularly flavorful and a bit mushy. The ordering process was smooth. The food was ready quickly. But since we were the last people in there, the staff were eager and a tad impatient for us to be done and leave. Not exactly the best experience. But not a terrible experience either. So it comes out to a-ok.
1 Grease, grease and grease, with grease on top.... then they grease the buns!
3 Man, I really wanted to like this place, considering i'm a vegetarian and I have heard wonderful things. I ordered the veggie burger with avocado, grilled onions, spicy jack cheese, etc... and it was so bland. The veggie burger was just compressed black beans, and they lacked the flavor I was expecting from an establishment of this caliber. They get 3 stars because their staff was very nice, the restaurant was really clean, and the food came out hot and fast. I might give them another try in the future, but not anytime soon as it was just ok.
4 actually they are 3.5 stars (.5 star subtracted because they have coke products) but rounded up because you can get a cold beer. usually order the truffle mushroom swiss on a multigrain bun and alternate between burger and chicken. never disappointed by the food. service has always been friendly and efficient, place clean and usually not overly loud. good place to relax, grab a burger and a beer.
5 People are nice, food is amazing (best burgers i've had in my life), and the whole restaurant is nice. Period.
5 Oh. My. Goodness. This place is super delish! I love a good burger place and this one has a great variety. Plus, serves beer! Yes, please. Sad it took me so long to try it. Definitely a new place to add to my cheat-day menu. If you've been thinking about checking it out, take the time to do so, you won't be disappointed.  Price - slightly above your average burger joint, but well worth it!
4 Some of the so called gourmet burger places seem to think its OK to use a low quality beef as long as they dazzle with "toppings". Smashburger gives you a good quality burger that comes prepared to order and juicy ( many competitors come well done and dry) Most extras are free and they come in 2 sizes at $4.99 and $5.99. The fries are very good too, just the right amount of seasoning. One of the few really good burgers and definitely the best value burger in town.
5 One of the best kept burger secrets in this town. Sweet potato fries and a burger you will not soon forget.
5 The managers, cooks, and cashiers here are wonderful.  Very attentive and get the orders right every single time.  Had a bad experience at the BJ's Bar and came to Smashburger to finally eat.  The manager not only ensured that we got our food quickly, the order was correct.  (I know this shouldn't be an issue, but read my review of BJ's and you'll know why).  The manager even threw in an order of fries just to be nice to us.  Food was great.  Juicy burger with fresh toppings.
1 Been here a few times, and I can say that I probably won't go back unless I am starving and nothing else is open. And it's the last burger joint on earth. And there is nothing else I can hunt or forage for.  First, EVERY TIME we go in the manager is sitting in a booth hamming it up with his friends who come in to chat. He leaves untrained employees to do the ordering and when customers begin to get frustrated only then will he come up to help out. He seems to rush people through the ordering process too, which is annoying and bad customer service.   Burgers: original is the best one, but still dripping in grease. If you don't like spilling (yes, spilling - not dripping or dribbling - spilling) grease all over you, DONT get the mushroom and Swiss burger. Fries are hit and miss - you might get some good ones but most likely not.   Tables - dirty. Every single one. We had to wait 10 minutes and SIT DOWN at a dirty table before I went to the counter to ask that someone clean one for us. Even then it took them another 10 minutes, and the individual grumbled about it, in front of us, while he was wiping mess all over the floor rather than actually cleaning.  The staff delivering food asked if we would like sauce. We said yes - ranch and smash sauce, please. He left. And didn't return. For 35 minutes. When we left, he said "Oh! did you still want your sauce??" Ummm.... No. I don't want the sauce I asked for over 30 minutes ago. And no apology, either.  Staff are disrespectful, untidy, and rude. And inattentive. And forgetful. Not worth my time, or my hard earned money. Won't recommend this place to anyone.
4 I am updating my review after speaking with the manager, Ryan. After a pleasant discussion over the phone, I advised Ryan I would give Smashburger another chance as his customer service (by reaching out) significantly improved the standing of his establishment.  My three children and I went today for lunch, about 11:30. I was assisted by Colin, who was pleasant and helpful. We were seated quickly, to a clean table, and our food made it out in approximately 5 minutes. The ingredients were fresh, and the burgers (the original) were good, as were the fries. Colin and another gentleman assisted when my 11 year old asked for smash sauce and ranch. They both arrived promptly, and with a smile. The Restaraunt was busy, but service (which is huge for me) did not suffer.   I want to thank Ryan for changing my mind about this location. It was a pleasant experience for me and my three children. I appreciated both Ryan's and Colin's customer service, and because of that customer service I will be back.
3 Had lunch there today.   Burger was good, but pretty greasy.  It was their "sin city" burger.  egg, bacon, cheese, and what not.   The fries were awesome.  I highly recommend those.   I got an IBC root beer and they gave me a frosted mug to poor it into.  This was a good treat.   The chicken sandwich my partner got was covered with too much mayonnaise.  The meal was good, but you could get better near by for less.  .  .
4 The Smashfries are perfect shoestring fries. Lightly seasoned and best without ketchup (as is the case with most things). Tried the bacon cheeseburger and liked it a lot. Bun was a little too soft for me, but ingredients were solid.
1 I have been to smash burger before and enjoy the food.  This location..BAD service.  I went in 2 days ago and got a to go order. There were only a few other people in the store waiting for there orders. Once our order was taken we waited off to the side and the person who took our order called our name and handed us two bags and read back our order as she handed it to us.  Once we got home we found out our burgers were totally wrong.   Nothing worse than finding out your carry out order is wrong when getting home.  First and last time we will go here.
