2 Go Daddy is hit or miss which is such a shame. They have the domain game down perfectly. Meaning they are the most well priced on the web and have the best back end UI for managing your purchases etc.  I own a few hundred with them.   Here's where they fall short. Their hosting support and domain support isn't very good. I once had an issue that I called in a dozen times in 2 months for. Not to mention, the latest string of technical support issues that had me calling in 6 times in a day for something as simple as "How do I create a new FTP user password that works for my IT guy?" Yeah that took 2 days to resolve effectively.  What's worse is that I even had a guy tell me to call back between 9am and 6pm to get someone who could help me better after I was on the phone with him for 30 mins. I am not sure if that was a blessing or a curse.   If you can find an alternative option for hosting or domain support I would go with it. Too often every representative tells you something different and you'll surely end up frustrated and yelling at the world after a few transfers and call backs.    If you just need to buy and sell domains. They're perfect.
2 Godaddy is top of mind with me because they do a lot of advertising. I have been a customer for 10+ years. Their systems are very skillfully integrated and seamless. I ordered all of my domains and did some web hosting which was very seamless. Better than most other small business hosting companies I would say. My only criticism, and it's a big one, is that godaddy's abuse team kicked us out of their network for sending email on a single day to a single disgruntled customer of ours. The customer alleged abuse and unquestioningly, Godaddy believed them and in an extremely threateningly way told us we had 48 hours to pay a fine or face having our domains and hosting be shut down. To their credit, the abuse dept did respond when I replied and they did grant 10 day extensions, which is reasonable for any kind of action like this. However, I found them to be one-sided in heir judgements and threatening. Their lack of transparency and threats to disable our service made it a very stressful experience, but I was able to keep it together and transfer our services to other providers. Compared to the IRS and local governments, I think go-daddy takes a HARSHER and more demanding stance deadline/time-wise when they feel a wrong has been done. Based on my experiences, I believe that godaddy is not friendly to marketers when a dispute arises. I wish godaddy the best of luck and I would urge them to soften their judge mental messaging, disclose time frames upfront and provided alleged offenders with a more fair and transparent process for investigating and resolving alleged rule violations. As for me, I'm taking a 10 year vacation from godaddy.
1 No matter the issue, the problem, their incompetence, or just having to contact them with a question, their employees are THE MOST arrogant, aloof, patronizing, and rude of any Customer Service people I have ever been forced to deal with.  It it pure torture to deal with them.  To this date, I have never talked to one that doesn't fall into at least two of the categories mentioned above.
5 Wow what a company! I've called twice in last two days for support setting up a website and they are the highest trained, most courteous and energetic call center ever! Very impressed!!
1 I've been a loyal long-term customer of GoDaddy for over 7 years & have purchased many products. Yesterday, I purchased another domain and attempted to add it into one of my hosted accounts so I could make it a primary domain. I tried following instructions, but messed up and ended up deleting my hosted site. My website is now gone. Yikes! I called customer service right away & was told they could bring it back but they would charge me $150. I was shocked. I'm a small business owner and having to purchase my own hosted website back is not in my budget.  The nice guy said he would check with his manager and the best they could do was to charge me $75 to give me back my site. That's crazy.  I don't have the money right now to pay them to give me back my website.   I am very disappointed and feel very let down by GoDaddy.
1 This used to be the Best Domain Registrar Group around, and we have purchased a lot of products thru them, plus referred them to customers & friends. However, after the last couple of purchase experiences with them - I have realized they have lost their Customer-first focus, so I have started to look around and suggest you do the same. Three experiences that spell Bad Practices:   1. The Discount Domain Club Pricing shows you a price comparison site online and it shows a Sale price on the last column, but you need to click on the bottom of the page to find out that the sale price is for new purchases only not renewals, and   2. We purchased one of the new domain extensions, and a few weeks later - we get an unapologetic letter saying that sorry, but they made a mistake. Unacceptable on both counts, and again, sorry to see what I would always recommend as the best to these type of bad consumer practices.   3. Free Instant Page that came with domain no longer valid (even after purchasing with that promise) - They sent out a letter to folks who bought many of their domains that came with a free instant page offer letting us know that the instant page would go away.  Hope they get their Customer Focus back and get rid of the strategic advisors who suggested these bad service changes.
