3 Signed up on the internet yesterday. Today, eating a full free breakfast and its good. Smartphone coupons,google it.
3 Good service, fast. Join the pancake revolution on ihop just google it and get three meals free in a year,not bad for free.
1 Horrible service took well over an hour to get our food. Waitress was rude from the minute we sat down
2 The cool thing about this restaurant is that it's right next to ASU campus. Whether it's after class, after you wake up with a hangover or after a late night party, you can always go get some food.  I guess the more convenient, the worst everything else gets. Not that I will stop coming here but the service, attitude and general environment is pretty lousy. Usually short staff and food takes forever to cook.  There are much better IHOP restaurants but they are not as busy as this one. Go here for convenience. Go elsewhere for better service.
5 I've been to this IHOP location twice and have had pleasant experiences both times.  Most recently, I visited here on a random Wednesday morning and found service was a little slow because of a large group that had arrived unexpectedly.  I was initially displeased by the temperature of the food and how long it took to arrive because of this large group, so I talked to the manager to express my concern.  The manager was very apologetic and agreed to pay for the meal because of it!  I'm very pleased to have received great service on my first trip and have the manager take care of me on my second trip.  I definitely will be returning soon!
2 I came here yesterday with some friends and it was just alright. It was your typical IHOP food. It is convenient because it is right next to ASU, but the parking lot looks kind of sketchy as does the inside of the building. It just looks a little run down. The food is al right. Nothing spectacular. The servers were very friendly and kept refilling our glasses, even when we were finished eating which is nice. It just wasn't anything I was super amazed about. I might come back if I want some quick, cheap pancakes, but there are just so many other good restaurants in Tempe I would probably pass.
2 The food takes SUPER long to be served. Kinda disappointing and makes me wonder if they do it on purpose to fulfill the waitress's $3/hour.  On the other hand, their service is pretty good.  I'm pretty hungry, still waiting for my food.
