5 Great grub, great service, great atmosphere, great live music, and ice cold beer!
2 We went there on Saturday night, I've been to less expensive places than this. First of all a 20oz beer cost $6.00 pricey for me. Then we looked at the menu and decided we were just going to drink our beer and that was enough. The food is really over priced, home made meatloaf $16.00, fish and chips $18.00 really!! I was thinking this was a bar, where is the bar food? They had appetizers for $8.00 you go get a bowl of chili verde and flatbread for $8.00 I'm not sure what the portion looked like. I wanted to order a large pretzel and cheese for $7.00 but they were out. The only thing that I was impressed with was the service and the booths in the restaurant.
5 We stopped in on a whim Saturday night. While the menu didn't instantly impress us, we decided while we're here we might as well give it a shot.  I am soooo glad we did. WOW, the service and food were phenomenal. They brought out house chips with a chipotle sauce that were spot on.  I ordered the chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the cheeseburger. Everything was better than we expected.  We finished it off with an Apricot Cheesecake that came with Vanilla Bean ice cream. Again...WOW.   We left stuffed and excited to go back again!!   As for the other reviews, to complain the U.S. Flag is displayed everywhere seems very Un-American to me. I'm a die-hard liberal and I didn't find anything offensive or that would point to the owners being right wing. Yeah they like country music and are proud of their country's flag. That doesn't make them conservative, it makes them Americans!!
5 Fun bar, great food, and live entertainment...what more could you want?  The atmosphere was warm and friendly and the service was great....Best meatloaf we ever had....The wine list was great too!  Can't wait to go back.
5 Thanks Ronin for your detailed description about Nabers (& yourself as well!).  Based on your review, I headed right over to check it out. Very very nice, friendly staff greeted me and served me as if I were their family or friend. I loved the food, the drinks and the warm friendly attitude. I was unable to appreciate the offensiveness of all that pro-USA vibe you seemed to encounter, but I assume that's probably more of a review of yourself than the place. I'm definitely coming back and bringing family and friends. Thanks Ronin!
4 I pass by here all the time, because I frequent the ice rink across the street. Had to check it out Friday night when I was done skating, and I was glad I did. They had just opened that weekend (Aug 16-17) so like any other new place they have some kinks to work out but I think they have the potential to be something great. The décor was a slightly upscale western style, and felt comfortable to me. It looks like they get a DJ and dancing going on weekend nights, which I wasn't able to stick around long enough to see, but it sounds like a fun idea.  I got the meatloaf sandwich which came with bacon and gravy and was served open-faced. on Texas toast. Very filling and delicious! My friend kept it simple and got the grilled cheese which came with cheddar, mozzarella, and bacon.  They have a breakfast menu with a good variety of skillets and burritos you can get, but they only serve breakfast on Saturday and Sunday mornings. I will be back to try that out!
1 Wanted to try a new local place, but was unpleasantly surprised. From the outside the restaurant looks very nice, however the empty parking lot should have been a sign to eat somewhere else. On the inside the booth we were placed in had multiple rips in the seat. Not what I was expecting from a newly renovated restaurant in the food area of West Chandler.   Next was the menu. My wife and I ordered the grilled hotwings, better than moms meatloaf, and a burger and a couple of beers. Simple barfood right? Our tab was almost $60.00 including a standard tip. The staff was appropriately dressed and was professional.   Lets start with the appetizer. The hot wings were on the small side, even though they were advertised as being large and you only got 6 wings. The presentation was very nice, however I am in a bar and was not expecting great presentation. I was expecting value, which I did not receive paying more than $1.00/ wing.  Next the entree.... The better than moms meatloaf was $17.00!. I ordered it anyway since my mom made some incredible meatloaf and wanted to see what the offering was. GREATLY Disappointed. The meatloaf came in 2 pieces and was very small. The meat was topped with an inedible garnish, but it was everywhere so it impossible for you not to get some of it in your mouth. Mashed potatoes were good and so were the steamed vegetables. Their mom had to be a horrible cook because i would not consider it better than the fare my mom served on Thursdays.   My wife's meal was a little better, but how can you really mess up a hamburger. The fries had a funny taste to them, as if they were making funnel cake in the same oil...   Overall I left the place feeling I got ripped off. I can order a prime rib less than 1/4 mile away at Longhorn or Charlestons for the same money, or for a few dollars more I could go to Flemings or Roys. Needless to say we wont be back.
5 I'm not opposed to higher prices. In my opinion, you get what you pay for. High prices keep the riff raff away and you won't witness meatheads trying to pick fights or be obnoxiously loud here. If you are looking for a lot of cheap food, go elsewhere, there are plenty of hole in the wall sports bars in the area to serve you.  It's nice to have a more upscale sports bar in the area. The area has needed an upscale sports bar for a long time. Nabers provides great service with a very personal touch.   I would request the following from the owners if they really want to make this a special place.   -Be loyal to the local teams. Show ASU, U of A, Cardinals, Coyotes, D-Backs and Suns games. You would be surprised how you can walk into a sports bar and not find the local game on. To make matters worse, the staff will be rude to you if you ask them to put the local game on. Don't be the typical Arizona bar that leaves the channel on ESPN 2 displaying World Poker Tour instead of the D-backs game or the Coyotes game.   - Provide fast and reliable Wi-Fi. A lot of fantasy football watchers require it.   -Offer valet service on NFL Sundays during football season. Parking can be a pain during this time and the option to drop off your car and walk in is a nice luxury  - Offer a VIP room on football afternoons and special sporting events for die hard fans who are willing to pay more for more personal and accessible service.   -Consider offering an online reservation ability where you can reserve, schedule and select your table during football Sundays when it is really busy for an additional fee of course.   - Secure the parking lot or have a parking lot attendant. A lot of fights, hazing and vandalism occur at night. People are less likely to do this if the parking lot is supervised.  -Know your customers on a personal level and remember their names. Call them by their respective titles unless they tell you otherwise
4 Visited recently after they opened. Although they still have some kinks to work out I think it will be a great neighborhood bar. Service was very good and Denise the manager came over to ask how things were going. The bar area looked impressive and bathrooms were clean which is a big change from the former owners. I'll revisit in another month to see how things are going!
5 I am in recovery from anorexia and am beyond picky about where I eat, what to eat, how it's prepared, etc. This place is great! Friendly attentive staff, great food, great music. They start by bringing out homemade potato chips with chipotle aioli dipping sauce; I don't usually like potato chips but these were fantastic. Light and not greasy, perfectly salted and still tasted like potatoes.  The menu isn't huge, but I prefer that-- it's not overwhelming and everything cooked well. I got the shrimp po'boy and my friend got the not your momma's meatloaf. They were both excellent, but if you want something different I'd go with the meatloaf. It was wrapped in bacon and stuffed with veal. Someone on yelp complained that it's "expensive bar food," I'd call it inexpensive quality food. It's a spin on bar food, but if you want oversized, gluttonous portions and greasy 50 cent wings with boring flavors, stick to a lamp-heated trough. I  mean buffet. We also had the fries, sweet potato fries, steamed vegetables and mashed potatoes. All were tasty. We stayed after dinner to watch the band; the whole experience was great.
3 Glad to have an alternative bar from the 'sand box' close to home. Love that they play country music and even have a live band. The staff is friendly and helpful. Although, I wasn't impressed with the food. I had the jalapeño poppers & pretzel. The jalapeño was not cooked and still raw tasting. The pretzel was bland and a bit over priced. Overall, I'd recommend the place but just eat beforehand.
4 It was a very pleasant surprise to "discover" this gem in Chandler.  It occupies the spot where Ernie's Maryland Crab House was.  We were two couples and all had different dishes for appetizers and entrees.  All were prepared well and the staff was attentive, cheerful and helpful.  The beers were cold and the happy hour prices are standard.  We will be going back soon.
2 I had high hopes for this place, and maybe it's just growing pains, but you'd figure after they've been open a couple months they'd have worked themselves out.  Let's start with the good:  The staff was super friendly.  The fries are world class.  Don't know why, but they are.  The Nabers IPA on tap is a really good, refreshing, unoffensive example of the style.   If they sold it in stores I'd seek it out.  The mega pretzel appetizer was tasty and had just the right texture....but $7 is steep.    Which leads me into the not-so-good.   The menu sounds great in theory, but the prices are on the high side, and the dishes we had just weren't all that good.     My son's chicken strips were tough, and Naber's either needs to change the oil they're cooked in, or change brands/type of oil altogether.  Whatever it was left an "off" taste in them.     My wife's French Dip looked pretty good, the roll was decent enough, but the beef was tough and kind of tinny tasting.  Definitely "meh".    I had the corn chowder and the Nuclear Shrimp appetizer together as my meal.   The chowder seems homemade, but it was unfortunately very bland.  A little blast of salt perked it right up though.   The Nuclear Shrimp were spicy indeed, but had also quite obviously been sitting at the kitchen window for a loooooong time.  Seems like the kitchen prepared them as an app and put them up but then they sat while the server waited to deliver them as a main course (as requested).  Better communication between the two would keep that from happening.    And, we didn't get any place settings until after our meal was delivered.  That always irks me.      The manager comped me one of my beers for my crappy shrimp plate without any prompting at all.  It's obvious they have customer satisfaction top of mind, but it would be better if they build that satisfaction with better execution in the first place.  We'll probably give it another shot some time but we're not going to rush back.
4 Good Food and Great Service!  Just a bit pricey for the type of food they serve is my only complaint.
5 I met bartender, Jaime, and owner Denise, at New Times Best of Phoenix, and we've come 3 out of 4 Sundays since. The food is way, way above average for a sports bar, and the atmosphere is friendly and laid back. It really does feel like you're going over to the neighbor's... Except this Nabers has 15 TVs, a terrific chef and lots of brews on tap and plenty of microbrews. I'm enjoying an Arrogant Bastard Ale as I write this. Definitely go! See you at the Nabers!
5 Great service, great food & good selections of beers.  This was the first time I have been Naber's & I was very impressed.   If you like sports bars with occasional live music, this is a good spot.
5 I just tried the turkey wrap & fries and it was one of the best wraps I ever had. Fries were steaming hot, too.
5 A coworker and I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott across the street and got a recommendation for this place from the front desk.   We walked to Nabers and after our first meal, we were hooked. We went there for dinner for the next three night of our stay. The wait staff is great and we even met the Nabers who were extremely gracious. The food was awesome; there wasn't a meal we didn't like. My personal favorite was the Asian salad with Salmon. While you're there also try the Naber's Pale Ale, brewed by a friend of the owners.   I would highly recommend this place to those traveling in the area as well as locals. How long until one opens up in Austin, TX?!
4 Time to try that "new" place just over the hill from Ahwatukee...don't be afraid of Nabers, neighbors, its across from Sam's Club and we KNOW you go there!!  It's a fun menu and we decided to risk it on the Cheese Curds.  Light, fluffy and served super hot with a very nice peppy southwest ranch style dip. Score!  We both got burgers and they were 3-thumbs up!  Meat was juicy and flavorful but not greasy. The set-up was fresh and there were enough fries to be enjoyable, not menacing.  Deep Fried pickle spear on top is a whimsical touch but eat it FIRST while still hot for maximum enjoyment.  Would return YES. Would try other items YES.   Good Job supporting LOCAL BREWERIES - we saw Four Peaks and San Tan on Tap along with a nice selection of interesting craft beers. SUPPORT this locally owned establishment and keep NABERS in the neighborhood!
5 This place is worth checking out even if you have to drive! The bartenders are smoooooookin and the food is even better! I would suggest the Arizona rolls and the meatloaf sliders absolutely to die for. Not mention the atmosphere whether with music playing live or watching a sporting event you cant go wrong.
5 Cold Beer, great Bands, and friendly faces...great place to relax with your friends...Katie behind the bar is awesome, along with the rest of the awesome staff!!!
1 The worst experience ever. Tiffany was our server and she was not very responsive. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip and it was the worst ever not only that but they didn't give us enough chips in the server build them all over the table then when we asked for some more she didn't even get it started helping other tables. That was one of the worst experiences ever I can't speak on the other food because we didn't stick around to try. There are other options around the area and I suggest you eat  there before eating at this place
5 Great location, very clean facility, Amazing food and exceptional service... what else can I say?! The entire staff are professional and friendly. Great place for lunch, happy hour and lots of live music in the evenings. After meeting Denise (the GM) its no surprise that the place runs like a top. Denise is "top notch" very professional and enthusiastic. I plan on coming back often.
1 Server was lazy. Noone here during NFL playoff game.  First impressions dont lie.  Food was good.  Out od three of my first choices of craft beer.  Dont bother.
5 Love this place! We go every other weekend. The live bands are awesome! Great atmosphere.   I've had ups and downs with the menu. The bread pudding is the best!   The drinks are always perfect. We're always greeted by name and with a smile.   I highly recommend Nabers!
5 Megen was a great bartender - friendly and quick service. I had the BBQ potato wedge thingies - super good! Sorry, I can't think of the name and the menu wasn't pulling up. They have tito's, my fav vodka, so I was happy! :) awesome little patio with bags to keep folks entertained. Really enjoyed the live cover band playing country, too! You could hear the songs even from outside. Definitely a fun new spot to check out in Tukee.  great prices.
3 Their food is alright, but it's a good atmosphere and they have great happy hour deals. They often have live music which is always fun!
5 I have not had a decent triple deck Grilled Cheese sandwich since Angels closed on Country Club and the 60 in 1998! This was the BEST adult grilled cheese I have ever had! Praise the Lord FINALLY!! I went for lunch at 11 am so I was the only one in the place but it didn't matter the atmosphere was wonderful and the service was amazing. I find sometimes when restaurants are not busy it takes forever to get my food but this WAS NOT the case. I didn't even have a chance to check my emails before my food was served. I had the chance to talk with the manager and had a great conversation about what to expect when I come back which I plan on doing for sure! It is quite the drive for me but well worth it. This place has plenty of room to listen to the live music or have a conversation. I am looking forward to coming back. Great place for lunch too so check them out!
5 Nabers is my new garage! It has great beer, a few local rotating taps, and great food. The grilled cheese is the best I have ever tried! I don't even mind the fact that they play country music because everything else is so perfect. I can't wait till they get a trivia night going there.
4 Been here a few times and I must say I like this place!   Staff: A+ (Very Friendly and prompt)   Vibe: B+ (Like a Toby Keith's JR.)  Entertainment: A+ (Awesome live music)  Bar :A ( Its got everything except Norm)  Prices: Average  Food: B ( Pass on the steak) go for the burgers and fries.  Overall I give this place a SOLID A!  Check this place out your gonna love the people and the atmosphere. We will be back for sure!       burgers.
5 We went with a group of 12 with teenagers to us middle aged folk. Our server was efficient and kept us in drintks and got us our food in a timely manner. I ordered the Grilled Cheese and it was AWESOME! For a side i ordered the sweet potato tater tots and they were amazing as well.  Prices were in line with what I would expect. Later in the evening they had a live band which was good. It wasn't so loud you couldn't hear the person next to you and it made the night a little more fun.  The one thing i would sugges is a few more TV's and make the TV's larger. We will definitely be going back.
4 My husband and I needed a place to eat lunch before heading to Sam's Club. Good choice as the food was good.  My husband had the Bohi-burger which was AMAZING, fries are so tasty and the corned-beef hash soup was great. I also had the tuna wrap which was mushy, dry and had little flavor. Bummer. It was dead and we waited forever to get drink refills and the check. Server (Katie) was sweet though. We'll come back for live music.
5 Awesome food and a great atmosphere. We come on the weekends and it seems that there is always a crowd having a good time (in a civilized middle-age kind of way).   The live music is good, but my husband and I prefer the patio on nice weekends to tone it down a bit and have a good conversation in a good environment with great food and drinks.   This place is definitely an outstanding addition to the Ahwatukee / Chandler area!
3 I came here for happy hour with my ladies the other day.. We had a pretty big group so we sat on the patio.   We ordered the AZ rolls and the hummus plate. The hummus plate was good and really huge! I wasn't too fond of the az rolls. I think it was because it was mixed with a couple different cheeses maybe? For drinks I just got the merlot. I should've gotten a beer. They have 20 ounce beers for $4! They have a very huge selection of happy hour items that last until 7.   The thing that got me was they don't have ranch! How does a restaurant serve wings and salads and such and not have ranch! I'm a ranch girl, so I need my ranch with my wings, salads or fries. My meal came with a jalapeño ranch. Um how did they make that if they don't have ranch? Because of this, they get a three star from me.
2 It took a good 20 minutes after getting drinks before someone asked to take our order. Food came relatively quick after that, but no one checked on us through the meal, which I typically appreciate at a restaurant.   Entree was bland and for a chicken sandwich, there wasn't much chicken the sweet potato tots are amazing though!!    It was happy hour and check didn't reflect that with the drinks or appetizers. Didn't bother with asking, just wanted to leave.  There were only about 6 people in the place, 3 of them at the bar so, the ambient noise of sports cranked up full blast, unimpressive food and service left me with nothing much good to say about the place. Maybe on a busy night, this place might seem better because it seems like it has potential based on other reviews.
4 The food is surprising really good here. The bruschetta is very tasty. The mixed cheese and meat appetizer is large enough to keep 4 adults busy while waiting on the entree.  Their lunch specials are different and good too.  It's tucked away off 54th but worth giving a try.
5 I just got my fries cheese curds and audibly said "Holy Shit".  Been driving by this place for sometime and decided to give it a try. At first glance no more than a typical sports bar but inside very roomy and clean. You would probably drive right by not being impressed at first glance. The decor and ambience inside is very warm and inviting. Menu is very much like a sports bar but have an excellent variety of spirits and wine as well as unique options on the menu. I could tell right away with the promptness of our service and the size of our first appetizer, fried cheese curds, this was going to be a great experience.   Fried cheese curds were awesome and plentiful. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and Jen ordered the chopped salad with steak. Bother were huge. To go box for the salad. I heard there was starving people in Africa so I felt bad about leaving leftovers so I made sure to clean my plate. Besides, nobody likes a quitter.   The whole experience was great. Service was impeccable. Food was delicious. They also have live bands and big tables for groups. We will be back. Can't believe we waited this long.
5 Great neighborhood place. I love that they play country music and their food is really delicious. I had never had a fried pickle before and it was solo good. I also got a Hawaiian flat bread that they were doing on special, which was yummy but only after picking out the habaneros (so spicy!!!).  Truly, props to the chef who clearly takes great pride in his work. I'd definitely recommend.
5 Great "Naber"hood bar. Had the cheese curds and sliders, both amazing. The rotating taps are awesome.  I tried the Huss Scottsdale Blonde and my friend had SanTan Epicenter. The place is clean, good music, and the bartender Jamie was fun and attentive. We will definitely be back.
