5 Joe has always been great in assisting me and my girlfriend with finding beautiful homes to rent. Anytime I've always wanted to see a home Joe doesn't mind taking time out of his busy schedule to go and show us homes and even if we don't choose a home after a few visits of different homes he doesn't give up on us and always very responsive as if I was a new client. Joe is also on time anytime we go out to see homes. Very good negotiator. He will get you the best deal available. If u need a realtor don't hesitate to hit up Joe!!!!
5 We bought a short sale property through Joe and the process took about a year and a half, as short sales usually do. Joe stuck with the process and got us through the finish line without a glitch. Highly recommend
5 We were interested in selling our investment home in Summerlin and had spoken with a Realtor about this.  We did not get the "warm and fuzzy" feeling from her so kept on our search for the Realtor to help.  We were referred to Joe from an associate I used to work with and from the moment I spoke with him he advised us of the current market, where he thought it was going and didn't try to "sell" me on why we should work with him. I'm in the mortgage industry so I understand that the sale of a home is not always easy and clean.  Living in California and trying to sell a home makes the process even harder and very stressful.  Joe made the process simple and smooth. He answered our calls, texts, emails in a prompt manner - which again during the transaction is imperative!   We would highly recommend working with Joe - and have even referred him already.
5 Joseph has been a great help the 2 times that my husband and I had to find a rental. He is very professional, honest, always on time, never makes you feel rushed, takes the time to help find exactly what you are looking for, and always makes sure you are getting the best deal for your money. I am so glad that we were referred to him!
5 My wife and I were living in LA and looking to buy a house in Las Vegas; we were excited to find a home there but nervous about trying to do it long distance.  We had been referred to another relator but we weren't really having a good experience or getting a good vibe from them.    We happened to be looking at some new homes and Joseph was there with some other clients.  He really seemed like he knew what he was doing so we asked him for his business card.  We called him and he met us later that afternoon and spent several hours with us. He actually recommended we look in another area that we hadn't thought about before and he was so right, we loved the new area and it ended up being where we moved to!  He made it so easy and it was a great experience!  We would get daily emails with properties that matched our search criteria, we would call him about the ones we liked and he would follow up with the selling agent. If it looked like something that would work he went out and checked it out and took pictures for us.  He was always honest and helpful which enabled us to make the best-educated decisions.  Once we found the house we really loved he guided us though the best way to make sure our offer was accepted in this competitive market (the house had over 20 other offers).  He then helped us get in touch with a mortgage broker, coordinated the home inspection, getting docs from the HOA and making sure that the rules work for us and even did the final walk though inspection for us.  We will always use Joseph if we ever move again and recommend him to any and everyone we know that needs a residential real estate agent. Thanks Joseph for helping us find our dream home!
5 I came to work with Joe not to purchase or sell a property of my own but to get an expert opinion on the current market condition, what will sell a property vs. not, what is a reasonable listing price vs. not, etc. for one of my family law cases in Los Angeles that involved a court's order to sell a Las Vegas high-rise condo.  The other side had hired a listing agent who wouldn't communicate with me (although this was a court-ordered sale), who wouldn't post any inside photos of the unit, who called the market "extremely slow,"etc., all of which did not seem to make any sense to me.  I found Joe on Zillow.  After exchanging a few e-mails, I knew that I had found the right expert.  Joe explained to the court how the current listing wouldn't get the property sold anytime soon; what was wrong with the listing; and what needed to be done to have the property sold as ordered.  Judge was satisfied with Joe's expert opinion, and I got an order directing the opposing party's agent to do exactly what Joe said needed to be done.  I cannot praise enough about Joe's punctuality, professionalism, expertise, and his eagerness to help (even though this did not necessarily guarantee him any financial gain).  I most certainly will employ Joe's services should I be in need of a broker in Las Vegas area.  I strongly recommend Joe Radosta.
5 Joe has been great for us, he sold our first house within 30 days and no haggling on price, we currently have or 2nd house on the market with him and look forward to closing soon. He makes the process simple and honest
