1 Bueller...   ...Bueller...   ...Bueller?  I engaged Valley Respiratory (VR) on July 5, 2013 for the purpose of purchasing a CPAP machine.  I hand delivered the prescription to their Mesa office that morning, giving them my home phone number.  Later that day they called and said they would get right on the job and set me up with a new set-up.  About a week later, not hearing anything from them, I called to get a status on my order.  Seems they needed the original sleep study report to fill the order.  OK, whatever.  I tell them that it was done at the Banner Sleep Study Center, 8 years ago in 2005.  OK, fine.  A week later I call VR up again, wondering what's going on.  They tell me that they haven't received the study yet, they're going to send another fax and could I call Banner Medical Records to facilitate getting the records.  OK, I call Banner and do as I'm asked.  A week later I call VR, again for a status and they tell me that Banner has no sleep study record for 2008.  "No, it was 8 years ago in 2005!" "Oh, OK, we'll have to send a new fax over".    We're now in the second week of August, and I'm getting pissed.  Rather than call VR yet again, I call an on-line CPAP supplier, based in Florida.  Here's a hint, it's for "CPAP", which it will "supply", in the "USA".  Make it all one word, add a dotcom and you're in business.  First phone call was on a Thursday, emailed a scanned copy of the prescription on Friday and received the order the following Thursday, 6 days; even faster if I expedited the shipping.  Faster than VR sending a fax to Banner, and at about 60% of the cost.  Bottom line, Valley Respiratory customer service stinks.  Don't use them.  Ever.  When VR management finally sees this and realizes that they have a problem, don't just respond to this Yelp post; have your customer service folks clean off all the outstanding orders from their desks, and follow up on all those files laying around.  You might eventually stumble across my folder.  When that happens I'll update this posting with the response date so everybody out there knows how boned-up your company is.  In the meantime VR, when you do call, you may go screw  yourselves.  Update - October 28, 2013.  They finally called back, wanting to know if I still need a CPAP.  115 days since I first placed an order with them.  That says it all regarding their customer service.
5 I got excellent service from Valley Respiratory Services. They (two different technicians) did great work for me when I needed it.  VRS are trusted by my doctor, who is excellent. I will continue getting my supplies here.   Bad reviews are a way to punish a business and should not be done lightly. Then we lose neighborhood services that we need and are excellent.
1 This place manages to have worse customer service than both the MVD and Walmart, which is pretty impressive.  The lack of customer service coupled with world class apathy- makes me cringe. My experience has truly astonishing and I look forward to finding a different provider, ASAP.  Long story short, I need routine respiratory supplies, and they are supposed to be mailed on a quarterly basis. For some reason in June I didn't get my supplies, but being super busy and working 60-80 hours a week, I didn't have time to call them. Flash forward to Sept (give or take) and I called asking where my items were. I was told that there was a computer glitch and my new address wasn't the one being used for mailing. No problem, things happen- they said they would fix it and send over what I needed.  Fast forward to October, and I still don't have the stuff. I continue to make do with my old stuff, and then remember to call Valley Respiratory and ask what's up. The person there was nice and said that she didn't know why I didn't get my order, it was never shipped- but she would send it out. I never got that shipment either, but with the busy holidays I didn't get a chance to call until Nov/Dec. I again spoke with an employee who said she would mail it out, and also let me know that in Jan I would start receiving my stuff three months worth at a time. I never received anything until the end of Dec, when I got the three months supply that is for Jan-March. I have no idea what happened from June-Dec, but eight months passed without supplies, and all the while my insurance company was being billed, and they paid for supplies I never received.  I called today and spoke with a nice RT, who put me on hold, and a new person, whom I presume was a supervisor spoke with me. This person was very condescending and essentially shit all over me. It's worth noting that I am very laid back and I don't get upset or yell, or any other douchey behavior. I can't help but see that people who tantrum get more when they encounter these situations, but that's not me, so I tried to explain what happened and asked her to mail me my supplies, that were still missing since June. This woman was clearly annoyed and said that I should have called them and told them about the problem. I reminded her that I had called several times since June, and was still waiting. The woman told me that "normal people" call sooner, and that I had a month from the time they were supposed to ship it, to call and advise them that I never got the package. I am unsure how I am supposed to know when they are sending me things, when  they are eight months late in sending me my last supplies. Perhaps I should employ a psychic? I asked her how they could bill my insurance for things that I never receive, and she essentially said that they don't know I didn't receive them. So now I am a liar too, which is nice.    All in all, I don't think you should have to micro-manage a company who is supposed to have their act together. Mistakes will happen, and that's ok, but when a mistake does happen, don't treat your customers like shit, and tell them that they are doing it all wrong. The bigger issue is that when I am telling them I never received the shipment, I am told that it must have been stolen. I told her that since I hadn't received my supplies in 8 months, a more likely scenario is that they never sent it, but she said that it had been sent. So miraculously, all my Amazon.com packages were safe from the roving thieves pillaging my neighborhood, but a small, light box from them was stolen? Uhh, ok- that makes sense.  To recap, it's forgivable to mess up shipping something, but it is unforgivable to treat a customer so poorly, and to bill for items that were never shipped or received. I highly recommend you go elsewhere, save yourself headaches, time, and energy.
