2 I came to Bodega with a few pals a couple of weeks ago, and after eating at the incredible 777 in Dublin I had high expectations.  Firstly, there's no denying that the menu sounds great, and is a welcome change from the usual tex-mex stodge served up all over town.  But, and this was really the main downfall, there just wasn't enough of it.  Firstly, we were advised that there was only several portions of some dishes left - fair enough I guess, since they've just opened - but when the portions arrived we were left wondering if they'd economised to eke out what was left.    I had the black bean dip to start which, whilst tasty, was (you guessed it) very small, and had just four (count them - *four*) strands of grated cheese on top.  Next up we ordered an assortment of tacos.  Firstly, I had the pulled pork and in keeping with the theme, the portion was tiny to the point where really what I could taste was the tortilla, which is a shame because the ingredients looked lovely.  Also, the pulled pork tacos are supposed to come with guacamole which was detectable only on very (and I mean *very*) close inspection, not that you could taste it.  Secondly I had the chicken mole, again with a disappointing single index finger-sized strip of chicken.  The sticky rice was delicious but the portion was tiny, coming in a ramekin barely sufficient for one person.  Finally, the Crocodile Pie was the tastiest thing on the menu but there wasn't enough to give the two portions we ordered, so we had to share (though this was kindly comped by the waiter, who I should add was great).    We all had a variety of items from across the menu, and everyone felt that the portions were small - one friend remarked that he left the restaurant feeling like he'd just had a starter and we were all peckish again quite quickly.  I don't usually feel compelled to write reviews about below-par meals because it's just part of eating out sometimes, but I'd *really* like to see Bodega succeed, and would try them again once they've settled in a bit.
5 Fantastic fish tacos! I've been longing for fish tacos for ages - you get some in Viva Mexico but they're a bit so-so. These, on the other hand, are amazing. Crispy fried fish, fresh crunchy coleslaw, bright fresh salsa - and the softest, freshest tacos wrapped round them.  The chicken mole and carnitas were tasty too, but it's the fish I'll be going back for, as soon as I can.  It's true that they're not huge - we had four tacos each and some guacamole and corn chips, and I was pleasantly full but not stuffed. So it's not a super cheap option, at about £6 per pair of tacos, but it's more than worth it.   Go soon!
4 Delicious tacos! Tacos are the one and only main, but at the same time the different choices are fantastic! The pulled pork with pineapple salsa was probably my favourite, tied with the prawn tacos. I was really excited to see chicken mole tacos on the menu, but they were a bit light on the mole although still very tasty. The beef ones were good as well, but they were my least favourite of the four I tried since they were a tad spicy for me!  Plates come with two tacos (£6 for a pair) but it is recommended to have two pairs (£11) for a proper meal. The quality is high and the tacos are flavourful and delicious. Two tacos really won't be much more than a snack since they are so small, but then again four tacos certainly are filling. That said, four tacos with no sides and such feels a tad overpriced for £11, considering what you receive relative to other place for an £11 or £12 full dinner. The tacos are delicious and the place is endearing, though. It is also BYOB and you can purchase drinks at the corner shop so that is quite convenient, especially if coming for dinner.  Although the Bodega is pint-sized, I really like the feel of the place and the intimate atmosphere. It is a great, new, trendy place to spice up Leith Walk, too!
4 Bodega has been on my radar since its opening a few months ago, but i'd yet to be able to arrange a visit!  however, after confirming a dinner date plan with Nikki A, it was immediately diced that this would be our date venue.    she booked for 7 and on strolling through the door a few minutes past, this place was absolutely buzzing!! to be fair it was friday night, but Bodega is tiny like properly small.  it's basically a wide corridor with tables along one wall, just enough room to walk past the chairs to the counter and the kitchen in the back.  definitely need a booking as we saw multiple couples and larger parties being turned away during our dinner.  Bodega is also BYOB (no charge!) and there is a handy oddbins just a minute away to grab a last minute bottle of wine.  we decided to go all out for our dinner date, ordering the guacamole and warm black bean dip followed by the fish tacos, prawn tacos, slow cooked black bean tacos, and the avocado tempura tacos.  hungry much? hahaha!  the dips arrived promptly and the guacamole was TO DIE FOR!  so much tasty freshness and avocado mashed together with garlic and tomatoes and corriander.  it was delicious and some of the best i've ever had in edinburgh.  the black bean dip was also quite tasty but the guacamole outshone it a bit.  the tacos started arriving and we decided just to split everything so we could try one of each order.  the fish tacos (the special that night was fish and chips-breaded fish goujons with thinly shredded fried potatos and crunchy slaw) were super tasty and had a really nice crunch to them.  the slow roast black bean tacos were also quite good, although there was a wee bit too much of the black bean mixture in them as my corn tortilla definitely started to fall apart.  the prawn tacos arrived with the avocado tempura right behind them.  the prawn tacos were my favourite of the night, so incredibly flavourful with juicy pieces of prawn and crunchy slaw to make a massive taste and texture explosion with every bit!  the avocado tempura was actually quite light considering it was fried avocado and while i enjoyed it, i was clearly on taco overload by the last few bites.  somehow we managed to find room to spilt a piece of pumpkin pie which bordered on being better than my homemade version!  the food alone would have given this place five stars, but i just can't bring myself to do this.  the service during our dinner was quick and polite and friendly.  however as it came to the end of the meal the service turned from quick and friendly to please pay your bill and leave now.  the waitress actually went to pick up the bill before we'd even put money on the table clearly letting us know she expected us to pay immediately!  after paying we were finishing up our bottle of wine (literally two sips left in my glass) when the other waiter (possibly the manager) came over and actually asked us to go... not quite in those terms but along the lines of i need your table back in like two seconds so it'd be great if you could leave now.  i really hate feeling rushed, especially as when we'd booked there had been no mention of you can only have the table for 1.5hrs.  so maybe they need to give people a time limit as to how long they can sit, so customers don't feel like they are being rushed out the door as soon as the bill is paid.  that said though, i did genuinely enjoy my dinner at Bodega and will definitely be going back here!  since it's BYOB it was only about £16 each for the meal which is a fairly cheap night out for this city.  i think next time i'll just be prepared to have a time limit on the table instead of trying to savour my last few sips of wine!
5 Another instant Edinburgh classic!   Mexican has long been one of the 'burgh's blind spots, despite the existence of several Mexican restaurants and some good Tex-Mex burritos from places like Los Cardos. Now we have tip-top tacos.  Like a lot of other great places opened in recent years, Bodega is a small space with a simple menu. A few starters and sides and then the main event: 7 kinds of tacos. They don't sell booze but you can BYO; instead they offer a selection of Mexican soft drinks.  Fish tacos were the ones I was really looking forward to. They really captured the taste, the citrus tang of the coleslaw, fresh salsa and delicious soft tortillas. You get two tacos for £6 and they recommend you have two pairs for a meal, which comes in at £11. That was adequate for lunch, and we had some (excellent) guacamole and tortilla chips on the side. For dinner I'd have another pair of tacos or a starter.  Great quality, friendly and knowledgeable waiter, all around great addition to Edinburgh. We'll be back soon.
3 Sorry to break the trend but... Bodega didn't do it for us.    Beyond the freezing toilets and total lack of atmosphere (and by atmosphere I mean other customers) on a Saturday night, the food was relatively dry and a bit same-ey.  We started with guacamole and chili with sour cream and corn chips.  The avocados were under-ripe and the guac under-salted.  The chili was also surprisingly flavourless, with very little sauce and no heat.  The chili and guac combined made for a decent pseudo-nacho, but for a total of £8 for the starters, mini pots of dips along with too many corn chips isn't a good start.  As per instructions, we ordered two sets of tacos each.  They started arriving when we were about halfway through our starters which wasn't a huge deal because it's Mexican and the concept of a "starter" is different, but it meant that we had to eat quickly to get everything in while it was still warm.  We tried the pork, beef, chicken, and black bean tacos, with sides of "Mexican baked beans" and "sticky Mexican rice".  The beans were dry and not what we were exepcting.  We hadn't realised they would be black beans and I was picturing something more like refried beans instead of the bowl of beans with bits of tomato and onion that we got.  The rice was tasty, but wasn't sticky as described, though that would be weird anyway.    The tacos are all served with what I think is a jicama slaw which gives them all a very similar flavour.  The only cheese in sight was Manchego on the bean taco, and with little to no sauce the tacos were, as I said, just quite dry.  The pork was definitely the best, though it had the distinct flavour of lard which I personally really dislike.    This all makes it sound awful, which is isn't at all.  Other than the starters, everything tasted decent, but it wasn't packed with the kind of flavour I'm used to from Mexican food.   My main issue was the similar spicing/slaw through the tacos which ultimately made each dish less and less interesting due to being so similar to the last, and the speed at which it was served.    I do think Bodega would be great for groups - it's BYOB and the food is good for sharing.  With a big enough group you could completely take it over and I'm sure have a great time.    As for me, I left feeling very full and glad we tried it, but firmly decided that the only Mexican we'll be having in the future is what I prepare at home.
5 This place is like a Michelin Star restaurant.  Trust me, book ahead.  Tried to go the 1st & 2nd time but couldn't get any seat.  3rd time lucky, but we are only allowed one hour due to the place being fully booked out later in the evening.  However, we were not that fussed as the food came out quite quickly.  This place has a small cosy feel to it.  It is not too big and only has roughly about 16 - 20 covers so it will be great for a gathering as it is also BYOB.  This is as far as I know the only Taco restaurant in the whole of Edinburgh.  I have been yearning for such a place to open as I go to the states regularly and I love Tacos.  The quality of the food is superb and made fresh every time it is ordered.  For starters, I had a ceviche.  Freshest fish as expected and boy did the lime and chilli give me a real kick.  My friend had chilli nacho and they were very generous with the chilli.  For the main, I had fish taco and again it did not fail me with the fresh fish.  For my final course, I had the Avocado Key Lime pie.  I was sceptical at first but it turned out to be one of the best desert I have tried in my life.  This is by far the best use of Avocado in a desert ever.  I would definitely recommend people to try this chic place out.  The waiter was really helpful and polite and I will certainly be back again for more tacos.
5 Oooh Bodega! You had a lot to live up to, and you definitely succeeded.  I'd been desperate to try Bodega since our failed Taco evening (not failed completely, but unable to come to the newest taqueria on the block due to a gas fault). So with my sister having moved in with me again for Christmas I decided celebratory tacos were definitely in order.  Knowing how small the venue is I made sure to book ahead on their Facebook page.  I was given a table, so long as they could have it back by half 7. No problem, I had to be home in time for the Doctor Who 50th anniversary anyway. When we arrived there was only one other couple there, but this was at 6pm so I'm sure it filled up later on.  It's BYOB so we'd brought our own beer, which the waiter offered to put in the fridge for us. We had a look at the menu and both exclaimed that we wanted to try everything (sister's pescertarianess excepting). The suggestion is that you order 2 pairs, so we ordered 4 - meaning we could have 1 each of 4 different tacos.  Due to the afore mentioned not-quite-vegetarian diet of my sister we opted for the prawn, the black bean, the avocado and the special - breaded fish. With a starter of tortilla chips and the most delicious home made guacamole.  DELICIOUS. That's really all I can say. Everything we ate filled our mouths and our tummies with joy. The fish taco was a bit spicy (not surprising as it had chipotle in it), the prawn was tangy (lime) and the black bean just a really nice level of yum. The avocado was a little dry, but I actually thought this was a great contrast in textures to the other tacos. And sneaky, they somehow got me to eat tomatoes. I hate tomatoes, and I could see them chopped up into little bits in the tacos, but the taste and texture was masked by everything else. After 4 tacos each we were still hungry, so ordered 1 each of the deserts on offer that evening - an apple and cinnamon burrito and a slice of avocado and lime pie. A-ma-zing. The avocado and lime pie in particular was a delight, and props to the very nice ice cream that was served with them too.  Bodega, you filled my heart with joy. Expect to see me again. Soon.
4 Yum... Yum Yum Yum..  Fish tacos. Nuff said.  BYOB, there's an odd bins a few doors down or there's Tescos.  Cash only.   Decorations are sparse and it's a bit drafty if you're sat by the door, but neither of these things take away from the yummy food and the super friendly service.
5 Eventually got round to visiting Bodega since I felt I'd grew with its transformation from frankfurter shop to its wonderful new existence while working with one of the business partners.   The food was great, tried every range of tacos and shared them out, but can also recommend the fish taco! Even loved the Mexican cola....  The vibe is chilled and BYOB for a small £2 corkage fee per person. Best of all is the price too and not too heavy on the wallet.
3 I'm gonna have to stick with my fellow expat Emily, those toilets are freezing, why!!??  Anyways, this place is really hit or miss. I love mexican food, its one of my favorite foods. ever. So, naturally I was excited when I heard all the hype about Bodega. We ordered some guacamole and pico de gallo to dip our chips. The pico de gallo was not nice, it was vinegary and had hardly any tomatoe in it. The consistency was all wrong as was the taste yet the guacamole was a total star! Taste was fabulous.   The fish and pulled pork tacos are winners. The Mushroom, squash and onion relish taco not so much. When a single taco costs you 3 quid you expect something really really yummy, kinda amazing. That taco was lackluster and dissapointing. Not worth the money.    I really want to like Bodega but I feel like they need to reevaluate their pricing and add in some variety, like taquitos. I'd go back for that, otherwise wont be heading back too soon.
4 I had not had a Fish taco since I was in NY a few years back and had a craving once the yelp reviews appeared for here. Bodega had an offer for January of 2 sets of 2 tacos and side for a tenner, so off we set with vouchers in hand. The place its is quite small so I would reccomend booking as we saw people getiing turned away that had not booked. Its BYOB but water is provided automatically and theres a range of soft drinks on the menu.   Decor wise they have done grand with such a small space. Very modern and clean. Service was excellent, very attentive and everything was explained clearly.  The main event was great the missus had a smokey mushroom taco set and a tofu set. Both were given glowing reviews. My fish taco was excellent with a perfect blend of dried onions and a spot of salsa. I opted for the special of jerk chicken and this was again excellent with black beans and different type of salsa options. Flavours perfectly balanced on all 4 types of dish. Half way through these we both were talking about getting back here again.   The only down for me was the sides werent to the same standard. The rice was quite standard spanish/mexican rice that you would find in a stuffed pepper. It was tasty enough just needed a bit more body. The tortilla chips served with guacamole apeared to be the ones from Lupe Pintos thumbs up here on that side,  but the guacamole itself was a little lacking. This really needs some more flavours chucked at it. I have had worse dont get me wrong as a whole the side were fine but I think my guacamole is better... each to there own and all that though.  Another aside was there were no condiments like hot sauce etc. I am a totally chilli head so generally aim for spicy. The dishes could have done with a bit more oommff for my palette.   The sides and hot sauce are kind of minor points, so for me it would have been 5 stars if it wasnt for those. All in this place is great - excellent tacos, great atmosphere and attentive service. Check it out if your down leith way and fancy something a bit different.
2 Meh. I was unimpressed really with both the size and decor and the quality of the food. I'm not going to labour this review as I may get lynched by all the other folk who love this place but really...?! Am I missing something? The place is tiny and full of student types. The homemade guacamole was fresh but tasteless and so was the Mexican rice which suspiciously tasted shop-bought. I don't eat fish but my boyfriend enjoyed the fish taco. It was his favourite out of the 4 chosen. I did enjoy the pulled pork one but there it ended. The jerk chicken was dry and the beef one tasted funny (kinda fishy). In saying that, the BF ate 6 and still lives. I ate 2 and ended up wishing we'd got a takeaway instead. Again....Meh.
5 I watch a LOT of Kitchen Nightmares. A LOT. If I've learned one thing it's that a famous chef coming to visit and fixing your food and a new restaurant makeover can make you hugely successful.   The other thing I learned is tiny menu + awesome dishes = probably can't go wrong.   This works for Bodega. You can't get tacos at most places in Edinburgh, and you can't get good tacos anywhere in Edinburgh. And if you don't like tacos you're a horrible human being that deserves to have no friends... which means you're not in the market for going out to dinner too often, right?   So Bodega rightly thought... why not just the be the only place in Edinburgh that you can get an awesome taco? They've adopted the food truck mentality of making it weird and keeping it simple all at the same time.   The guacamole wasn't stingy. The tacos were superb. The dessert was amazing.    And that's it. Gordon Ramsay would say "Wow, now THAT was a taco".
4 Been curious about Bodega for ages and had already had one aborted trip here so was excited by Friday's visit.  Its pretty small and basic but I don't mind no frills as long as the food is good. I think Bodega have some things to finesse as some things are just ok, but others are amazeballs, hence the 4*'s.  The tacos are gluten free and not the cardboard type either. My jerk chicken tacos were good but no spice and I expected some due to the jerk seasoning. I did like the black beans - yum. People had raved about the guacamole but I wasn't wowed. It was fresh but needed a tad more salt and citrus.    The fish taco's were fab! They made them minus breadcrumbs as I'm gluten free and they were perfectly spiced and the fish was cooked to perfection.   There are usually only a couple of dessert options and I had pre-ordered an apple burrito. OMG - sticky caramelised apple in a folded burrito with ice cream (cinnamon?) and cream. It was AMAZING! It was one of the best desserts I had had in ages - probably a GF thing mind but it was like having a normally off limits apple strudel.   So, I'd return for the fish tacos and apple heaven dessert. Bodega is BYOB at £2 so a budget option and there is an Oddbins down the street...
5 There's been a few Mexican inspired restaurants open up across Edinburgh over the recent years, and they have all pretty much been the same: You enter, eat your burrito, then leave feeling like you will soon give birth to a burrito baby! None of this is bad, but sometimes it can all be a bit much! Bodega offers small soft tacos and recommend that you buy 4 to fill you up, and this is a pretty good suggestion.   We headed along when Bodega had their Facebook offer on, during which you got: 2 sets of 2 tacos and a side for £10 per head.  My partner had the fish and chicken options, and being veggie I can only quote his initial review of "frickin' amazin'"! and it did look good, in fairness.  I went for the smokey roast mushroom, guacamole, charred onion relish & chilli roast butternut squash together with the beer and poblano glazed tofu, creamy salsa queso & spiced courgette pickles. And believe me it's been a delight to recount what I had that night. It's definitely refreshing when a restaurant puts such care and attention to their vegetarian options when the usual benchmark is simply veggie chili and sautéed veg.  The flavours were simply amazing and you could taste the freshness in every ingredient. If I were to offer one minor criticism it would be that they could do with offering some hot sauce condiments. I, like my partner, am a bit of a heat fiend. I respect the well-rounded flavours but sometimes a wee bit of spice would go down a storm.  Overall, this place is great. It's small, cosy very friendly and serves amazing and well thought out food. We will definitely head back in the very near future.
3 Had high hopes but ended up disappointed. Fusion Mexican food with different types of tacos. We had the guac with chips for a starter and tacos with bulgogi beef, jerk chicken, and panko-breaded cod.  The guacamole was very nice, made with lots of avocados unlike many places that mainly serve sour cream-based guac.  The tacos were less than impressive. The beef and chicken were both dry and bland, and the panko-breaded cod was tasty -- but it was not panko-breaded but something like a 'shake and bake'! Instead of fusion Japanese-Mexican, it was fusion Scottish-Mexican!!! Nothing against Scotland, but don't advertise it as 'panko' when you don't have it!
4 Popped in last night for the first time a really impressed. Had the Cod taco which was excellent and the chicken special which was pretty good too. Both the guacamole and salsa were fresh and we'll prepared. Only the chips were ordinary. Finally, friendly helpful service made for a great evening.
5 Such. Good. Tacos.  Had the pleasure of eating here for my sister-in-law's birthday and was not disappointed. Despite the fact we took up 2 of the very limited amount of tables and ordered at least one of everything off the menu, our waiter was still very attentive and friendly (always a plus!) All the food came out in quick succession and was gorgeous.   We all had a nibble from each other's tacos, but I could easily eat nothing but the breaded cod with chipotle mayo tacos for the rest of the week and be very happy indeed.   I went for the lime and avocado tartlet for pudding and it was the perfect refreshing yet filling end to the meal.   It's cash only, which is understandable as it's such a tiny place. Annoying for a group of 5 who ordered a LOT but then that's our own fault. ;)
