5 Wow - what a delightful visit!   The chorizo Biscuits and gravy was awesome,  we all really believe that the buttermilk pancakes were sincerely the BEST we have all ever had.    Read that last sentence again!    No kidding.   Cinnamon role was awesome too.   Service outstanding.    Our server Denise was so fun and warm.    Joe himself you could tell was hovering around ensuring that every single client had an outstanding experience.    Daughter really enjoyed chicken sandwich.    Pretty cool to give such a review when they had been in new building for only 3 days and even blowing circuit breakers (they were pretty busy).    FYI - it is on 7th AVENUE not 7th street!
3 Dolores G and I came here for breakfast before walking the Melrose shops. Upon walking in, I was struck by how outdated this new location looked. I was expecting more of what their last location looked like. After reading some of the yelp tips, I decided on their pancakes. I ordered the short stack (2 pancakes), added 2 eggs, and a side of corn beef hash. Total was $8.50. Very inexpensive. The food was tasty and I was in a food coma after finishing my pancakes. Typical breakfast fare.   Service was okay. At first the server was very attentive and then we hadn't seen her for like 15 minutes. Our empty plates were stacked at the edge of the table and we waited awhile while waiting for our checks. Finally I went up to the front and asked if we paid up front. She said we could pay but I still wasn't clear if we were supposed to or not.   I think this is a good addition to the Melrose strip. I don't know that I would come back over other breakfast places in the area but I think this is heads and tails over Melrose Kitchen (around the corner) for value and quality of the food.
3 I have 3 stars, my family and I went to the previous location several times before they moved.  This was our first time at the new one.  If I didn't know they had only been here a few weeks it would have been a one star review.  For starters Joe assumed my mother in law was my wife, which started things off a bit awkward, but then it took roughly 30 minutes to get our food.  This was attributed to there being 'half power'.  I ordered the chicken fried steak with the cherizo gravy and when it came out, it was undercooked and the breading was mushy, and they didn't put the cherizo gravy on it.  I sent it back and they were quick about replacing but forgot the cherizo gravy again.  I asked for some on the side and it was watery.  Out sever seemed frustrated as well and I had to ask for simple things several times, silverware, water refill, things that should be monitored by a good server. I will come back to Joes, but not for a while, I will give them a chance to get their footing at this new place before going back.
2 We had very high hopes for the new location. However, things haven't come together just yet. I will give them another chance, in a few weeks to see if things (food) get back to the old ways. I sure hope so!
3 We went to the new location last weekend (in the rain), and I must say, I was a little disappointed. The new location doesn't have the personality that the old one did. It really just feels like any old diner. Also, we sat next to the window and I noticed the window sill was covered in dead bugs....gotta pay attention to details guys, that does not make me want to eat. The food was still fine, nothing too special though. I hope they step up their game in the future.
1 The service was poor we had to ask for refills, and when the server poured it she dripped all over my friends feet then the floor and didn't apologize. My veggie omelet was the only thing hot on my plate, but was dry. The biscuits were so cold and hard the butter didn't even melt. My friends got the biscuits and gravy and his was cold too his 2 eggs over easy were so undercooked that the egg white was still runny and not cooked. Giving them 1 star in hopes that the lunch menu is better than the breakfast. I'm hesitant to even waste time and money to try it.
5 Wow breakfast was fabulous. Eggs were perfectly cooked and love that sausage. But my favorite was the pancakes  so tender and tasty. They also serve a special AZ coffee that is smooth and the refills keep coming !  We must put this on our permanent list for breakfast !
5 Go Joes go! Everything was delicious. I had the pork chops and eggs with potatoes and biscuits and gravy. I love loved the potatoes and the biscuits were amazing and fresh even without the gravy. Oh and the coffee rocks and everyone is super friendly. Great diner. I will be back and bringing friends!
4 Had a ham and Swiss cheeze omelet, breakfast potatoes, and an English muffin for brunch today. Omelet was fluffy, potatoes were nicely seasoned and hot. Portion size was good... I was full when I left. Cheap and filling... Total cost was $10 - with tip. Service was fast and attentive.   Decor of the restaurant was somewhat drab, however. Needs more pizazz. Recommend
1 What kind of tricks do you have to do to get a drink refill... She drops my food off at my table, grabs my empty beverage glass and disappears.... I took two bites and left... I'm going somewhere i can have a beverage with my breakfast...
4 The best apple pie in a three mile radius.  Draw a three mile radius, I dares ya.  50's-flavored Joe's moved from 16th Street to this new location.  Many people are happy about that.  I like the Arbuckle's Coffee a lot.  Chicken salad croissant, very good.  Cole slaw, outstanding.  Croissant Club, goood.  Sweet Potato Chips, OK.  Re: The Pie.    The slightly crunchy apples mildly flavored with a cinnamony nutmeggy sugar and spicing were swathed in Joe's family recipe crust.   Be prepared to spend a little more.  Rents and ingredient prices are up.  It's worth it.
4 Enjoyed my breakfast and the device was excellent. Was honored to actually meet Joe. Happy to have you in the neighborhood.
4 We live just down the street from Joe's and knew nothing of the old location when we finally saw work being done to the old chinese buffet building. And then one morning it was just open and the place was packed with cars! It seems Joe's has some very loyal regulars. Happy to have a breakfast place within walking distance as the weather has gotten nice, we've been to Joe's a handful of times. Service has always been good, the food has always been decent, and the cars are always lined up every weekend. Welcome to the neighborhood, Joe's!
5 A friend suggested we go there for breakfast. I'm so glad she did. Excellent food! Good prices and friendly staff. I chatted with the owners who also work there. Really fine people.   I had the vegetable omelet, fresh "farm style?" potato's (nicely seasoned), homemade biscuit which was scrumptious and I chose water to drink. My friend swears awesome good things about the coffee.   Consider me a happy regular.
5 They are super busy because their food is great. Had a veggie omelet  and coffee roasted in AZ. This is my Sunday breakfast favorite.
4 Went to Joes this morning! First off after about 3 mins of sitting down i got to meet Joe and shake is hand! He is awesome and was sold on the place after that. I ordered the combo with two eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon it was great! The wait staff is super courteous and attentive. Will be going back many times to this place!
5 Had the #2 breakfast special. Melt in your  mouth pancakes n tje best bacon in central Phoenix. Fast, friendly service too. About 11 bucks with tip. Recommend
3 I never went to the old location, I really hope it was better than this. I went here on a Sunday afternoon and there was more staff the customers. Which is why I was perplexed when it took 5 mins for me just for attention at the counter. I order coffee and a number 2. The food was good but being from the Midwest I don't understand the hype. During my meal I was never asked how was it nor was my coffee refilled. After I was done eating it took another 10 mins for someone ( not my waitress) to clear my plate. It was another 5 mins I had to wave someone down to get my bill. I was given the wrong bill and told the lady its not mine and was promptly asked if I was sure. WTH!? Yes I know what I ate. She just said just pulled up my seat in the computer and that's what is was. I told her what I had and she went and got the correct one. I live in the neighborhood and like having them close by, but I will hold off another visit till the service is better.
2 New Paint doesn't help the food...  I really wanted to like this place. It just moved to right near where I live and I was hoping the food got better with the move. I have twice now gone there and ordered a veggie omelette and asked them to add ham to it. Twice now they have just given me a Denver omelette. On top of that the food has no cooked in flavor it is pretty bland despite having all the ingredients that should make it tasty.
5 I could eat here every morning and never get tired of the food. The pancakes are to die for! I've never tasted anything like them. Joe is always in the store and is so much fun to chat with. Support your local business's!!
5 The move may have improved the experience.  Food was like home cooking and service was very good.    Ordered the wrap and it was enough for two meals, very generous on portions.
5 This is quickly becoming my wife and I's favorite breakfast place. Great Bacon and Chorizo gravy. Also, everything seems to have a Joe's Diner twist too it, such as the homemade apple pie and jelly. Good coffee, service and atmosphere as well. We will be back... soon.
2 Sunday 11/24.  Out for a Birthday lunch.  Been to Joes several times at old location, but this was my first time at the new location.  Missed being greeted at the door and having to seat myself.  After sitting for 10 minutes without one person acknowledging the fact that we were there was very disturbing.  Mind you there was 4 waitresses on, only 4 other tables in the place and two of the staff were doing their side work on the booths on each side of us. Sooo after waiting for 10 minutes I finally went up to the front register, I think it was "Joe" who appoligized and promptly came over and took our drink order.  BTW, we still have no menues.  When he came back to the table he did have menues in hand.  Not even 20 seconds later, one of the waitresses who had been doing the sidework around us but failed to acknowledge us came and asked if we were ready to order.  Ugh No, we just got our menues.  Once our order was placed we thought we were in the clear until another waitress came over with a Ice Tea picture full of sugar and sat it on our table while grabbing the sugar dispenser and proceeded to fill it at our table without saying one word to us, then walked away. "AMAZING" not to mention rude.  Of course when the food came everything was wonderful as always.  When we received our Bill, I proceeded to the Restroom while my Friend went to pay the bill.  To my surprise when I came out, he was still standing at the register.  I waited another 5 minutes, so now were talking almost 10 minutes at the register while two staff members are sitting at the counter eating.  I actually called their phone and a waitress came from the back with broom in hand and I told her I'm at the front waiting to pay.  Joe also appeared from a side room and asked the waitress what was wrong, and she told him that we have had a horrible experience since we arrived, "JOE" I presume, groaned and walked away.  The waitress did comp our Beverages without asking because she felt bad, but then to top it all off, she said we should come back when they are bussier, their much better then.  Not sure if I'll give it another try!!
4 You can eat breakfast for breakfast. You can eat breakfast for lunch. You can eat breakfast in between and call it brunch. Regardless of when you eat it, I would suggest you eat it at Joe's diner!  They may have moved locations, but you still can't beat their breakfast sandwich!  I have never had anything that I could say was bad at Joe's.  I once said that I could close my eyes and point at the menu and end up with something yummy.  I am still pretty sure that holds true.  Portions are large and probably not the healthiest but if you are going to splurge on breakfast, you might as well have one of their fabulous buttermilk pancakes, or biscuits and gravy (which you can have with spicy chorizo if you choose), or one of their combos, or that breakfast sandwich that I literally dream of...  like I said close your eyes and point.  You won't be disappointed.
4 Service was quick, friendly and efficient as breakfast/lunch places should be. They did not disappoint in that aspect. I ordered the scramble, meat lovers and it was more than enough for one person! I probably could have split it with someone; I did end up taking half home. Mine was a little dry so I asked for a side of sour cream.  My sister ordered two eggs, potatoes and toast-hers was a little greasy for her liking so she soaked up some of the grease with napkins. Jason ordered the chorizo omelet, very tasty!  Good flavor.   One nice touch, the owner came around to every table and made people feel welcome and asked how their meals were.
5 The pancakes are nice and fluffy!!! Love them.!! Plenty of good to fill you up. My son likes the croissant sandwich and biscuits & gravy. Great people; Great place!!
4 My friend and I had breakfast here recently. I had pancakes and sausage. He had a Denver omelet. Service was fast and our coffee was regularly topped off. It's the kind of place you feel comfortable hanging out and chatting even after your meal is done. It was good diner fare food in a welcoming environment. There was a little jar of jam on the table and at first I was excited that it might be blackberry (but it wasn't), but it was still good. I felt very welcome and cozy here.
5 The best pancakes I've ever had ... the cinnamon rolls are pretty killer to ...
3 Eh. Stopped in hoping for a great breakfast experience. Eh. I was disappointed. Menu is a regular diner breakfast menu standard fare. Service was fairly speedy but my food was cold.  Try it you might enjoy it more than I did.
1 It's too bad we weren't able to experience Joes since we'd been there for 10 minutes and no one even said hello to us let alone bother to take our order. never again. They are clearly understaffed.
1 I wanted to like this place, but I didn't and neither did my fiancé.   Our food was not good. He ordered the corn beef hash. The corned beef had no flavor, the gravy tasted like flour, the biscuit was chewy. I ordered the number two. My eggs were cooked as I ordered them, and the pancakes were decent. But my bacon was another failure. I like it extra crispy. I ordered it that way too. It came out not crispy at all. After spending a few minutes attempting to flag down our waitress, she took it back. They cooked it some more, and it looked crispy. But it was still not crispy, which is a sign of bad/cheap bacon. Their sausage was also not good.  To make it worse, my food was either cold or lukewarm.   We got prompt service - the drinks and food came quickly. But once that happened, we were ignored. Water glasses were empty and remained that way. Coffee not refilled.   Also the staff seemed very inexperienced. We were sitting near the computer, and it was clear that the staff didn't know who was taking what table.  The servers also didn't know what table food was assigned to.   Their prices were too high and we did not care for the food or service, so we will not be returning here.
5 Fabulous!!!!!! Fresh good food!!!!!!! Best Corned Beef Hash!!!!!! Great service! Friendly staff!!!!!!! I just do  not know what these people are talking about. I live in the neighborhood and love this place.
5 OK  I have lived here in the valley for about 10 years,  been on a search to find 'real' made from scratch sausage gravy and have finally found it!  great sausage gravy actually sausage/bacon gravy is fantastic BEST IN THE VALLEY !  Great Service super friendly staff....JOE even came over introduced himself and was very appreciative we were eating at his Diner.  I had the corned beef hash cook perfect and 3 eggs, biscuit and gravy  great meal.  I/We will return many many times  this is my breakfast spot now!  I hear the pancake are fantastic cant wait to go back.
5 I love this place.  I love having a dinner breakfast and this restaurant serves up the whole atmosphere of a quality dinner.   Super friendly staff.  My favorite thing was the biscuits.  Those things were so delicious I could have spent $20 just eating them.   The food was served hot and fast. All at a reasonable price. My one negative is their menus isn't as quite as expansive as I was expecting.   I do have to say the fact that my only complaint is their selection really speaks to the fact that I really enjoyed the restaurant.  I look forward to my next visit and highly recommend it to anyone in the area
2 Bad coffee.  No excuse for breakfast place.  Weak and not hot.  Food was just okay and very pricey.
5 The croissant breakfast is hands down my favorite. Great coffee and service. Love this place! My wife's favorite is the chorizo burrito.
4 Good but not great. Chicken fried steak was a food supplier patty but the sausage gravy was home made and very tasty. Potatoes were under cooked but eggs were perfect. A $14 breakfast. They need to step it up and prepare everything fresh or take it off the menu. Going back to try the pancakes.
2 We have met the owner a few times on our visits...nice guy but i just cant suggest this place. yes, the chorizo gravy and biscuits is delicious and the prices are good, but i have gotten sick as well as some of the sloooooowest service on multiple occasions. avoid.
4 I love pancakes but really hate trying to make them at home.  With Joe's just a short bike ride up the road from me I'm probably going to forgo ever attempting on my own again. The pancakes are so good and even better as part of the #2 menu item.  Two pancakes, bacon, sausage and eggs prepped your way. It's a big tasty meal!   My friend ordered the biscuits and gravy and said he really liked them.  I think I've just discovered I really do not like country gravy. On the other hand, I really like turkey gravy on anything.
4 Real Men Don't Eat Quiche.(1)  So fine, I'll just turn in my man card for a month.  Only served on Saturdays and the ingredients change according to availability.  This generous portion of quiche in bacon spinach form was enjoyed by 3 of the 6 people at our table.  It came with a bowl of diced melons.  Not to say it is the only good thing to eat here as everything ordered at the table disappeared quickly from our plates.  Including a shared stack of pancakes of which I had one.  But the quiche alone is enough reason to get there on a Saturday.  This was my first time at the new digs.  The small parking lot is saved by having street parking along the canal.  There are more tables here but on this Saturday late morning there was never more than a couple of empty tables at any given time.  With the layout large groups have to be broken up.  Service was spot on.  And the owner was visible in the dining room most of the time helping out where needed.  (1)Feirstein 1982)
5 Great food and great service. I miss their old location but the new location has more room. It's great to see Joe and Joe working and talking to all the customers
1 so DISAPPOINTED!!! I was visiting Phoenix from Seattle. I was excited to try Joe's Diner and support a local business. Unfortunately, our waitress got my order incorrect, so I re-ordered. The waitress suggested a subsitution with my original order, which sounded better so I accepted her suggestion. She then brought me the wrong food, AGAIN!! I didn't want to cause a scence, plus I was hungry and my friend had already finished eating.  I tried to eat the item she brought out but I couldn't because it has an ingredient she said it wouldn't come with. Needless to say, I asked for my orignal item. Finally, my "breakfast burrito" arrived... I was happy and about to start eating when  gentleman approached our table. He said to me,  "The next time you come to our resturant , can you please read the menu".  I WAS SHOCKED!!! I couldn't believe one of the employees was saying this to me. I tired to explain there was a miscommunication between myself and the waitress. I was trying to be diplomatic about the situation and did not want to say she got my order wrong TWICE. This person continued to say (all smug and righteous) "please read the menu the next time you come in because I've never had a customer return two meals before". At that point, I asked the gentleman if he was the manager/owner and he said he was. I then told him, I've never experienced something like this before. I then told him I was shocked that we were having this conversation. I told him, his approach was making me feel like I did something wrong. He wasn't listening. He continued to smile and smuggly say "all I ask is that you read the menu" ... he then said "this waitress has worked for me for 16 years and she has never made a mistake". At that point the table next to us said, "She got our order wrong too!"...   I really hope that Joe's Diner reads this and that gentleman thinks about how he approached the situation.   I totally understand if an employer wants to stick up for thier employees (I applaude that) but when the "manager/owner" attacks the customer without understanding the situation, well, I had to post this review.   I hope the Melrose area gets more restaurants in the area... I would love to support them. ...   I'm so sad that this experience has left a nasty taste in my mouth for Joe's Diner.  One last note... not only did I receive the incorrect meal 3 times, I paid the bill for the food my friend ate and the final breakfast burrito.   The waitress seemed scared of this gentleman.  I don't know what was going on with her that morning, that caused the mistakes. I left  her a $2 tip.   I'm not a jerk.. I worked in restaurant business for many years.  As those of us who have worked in that industry know when you are dealing with a "bad" customer AND we know when we are being "bad' customers... no way was I being difficult.   As I'm typing this review up, I'm still shocked with my experience at this diner :(
4 I had noticed this place a few times at it's old location and thought it was in an odd location. I drove by the current location and didn't realize it was the same restaurant until I looked it up online. The location is a much better one than the old one however they still have quite a bit to work on if they are going to make it over the long term. The Owner/Manager was waiting on tables and there seemed to be no managing of the restaurant. People were waiting to be seated or to cash out and no one seemed to be in charge just who ever was free. They seemed to have enough help, just poorly managed. The workers were all friendly and once we were seated we received prompt service. I noticed the Biscuits and Chorizo gravy and decided on the "Number 1" as they were included. My partner chose the Chicken Fried Steak which was covered with Sausage Gravy. The Chorizo Gravy had an ok flavor but the Sausage Gravy was much better. I was told that you could choose either and I would go with the Sausage if I ordered them again. Also, I thought the Chicken Fried Steak was a much better value as it came with Homefries, eggs and a biscuit for just a bit more. I noticed some other reviewers commented that the Ice Tea was not great. I ordered it knowing this and I agree. It was very weak and had an off taste. The Coffee was very good though. I understand the menu is limited (as are the hours) but maybe they will work through their Management issues and can expand both their hours and menu as I would love to see them make it and they have most of the parts to make a successful go. I will certainly be back as the Country Fried Steak was very tasty and overall it is a good value. I suggest giving it a try and read your fellow Yelper's tips as many were spot on.
5 We love Joe's for breakfast and lunch. Great service and terrific food. Very kid friendly which is a plus. The new location is spacious and nicely decorated. The pancakes are the best---love the syrup!!!  Keep up the great work Joe and staff. We'll see you soon.
3 Overall it's a pretty nice place. Good food and very nice people. It's a very positive environment and family friendly. I would give it a higher rating...but I can't get past the coffee. It seems a bit watered down. I really enjoy coffee with breakfast so it's hard for me to get around.  Otherwise, good food and good people. Much attention is paid to the customer and they do care that people leave satisfied. For lunch I would especially recommend their burgers. Very tasty.
1 Seemingly decent looking place,  we wanted to try given it's proximity to our home....will not return!  Sub par food, mediocre service, not a great value for the buck, and possible the worst restroom on 7th Ave, disgusting!
2 When we first walked in we didn't know whether to wait to be seated or seat ourselves, being our first time there, so we just stood there.  We waited long enough to consider leaving and going somewhere else.  There were under 10 people in the restaurant and no one was up front to greet us.  Finally one of the employee's told us, from the back of the restaurant, that we could just sit anywhere we wanted.  We were given a high chair that had to be wiped off first before we could even use it.  The server wasn't very friendly, my husband asked how she was doing and she said nothing then said, "what would you like to drink?"  We both ordered the number 2--- two bacon, two sausage, two eggs and either home fries or two pancakes - we got the pancakes. We got our eggs scrambled with cheddar cheese added.  The star of the breakfast was for sure the bacon (nice and crispy) and the pancakes.  The eggs and sausage were good, but they were nothing to write home about,  just the everyday eggs and sausage.  For the little one, I got a scrambled egg and some buttered white toast.  The toast was nice and thick, perfectly toasted.  The cost for all three of us to eat with a $5.00 tip was around $32.00, not too bad and the food was good and the portions were  big, especially the pancakes.  The inside was a bit drab.  Considering it was a diner, I expected a more upbeat 1950's vibe with bright colors and some music, it did not deliver and the bathrooms were kinda scary and had a bad odor to them. They have been at this location for about 6 months now and I would like to recommend a sign for when customers first come in that says "seat yourself" to avoid confusion on what to do, spruce things up a bit to look more like a diner and work on de-funking those bathrooms! Overall, it was just o.k. I don't know if it left enough of an impression for us to think of when we are looking for somewhere to eat.
1 I'd enjoyed Joe's Diner in its old location and was feeling good about checking it out in its newer, more convenient spot. Huge portions, good food, good service, what's not to like?  After I'd waited a while at the "please wait to be seated" sign, a server called out that she'd get to me in a minute, then went off to take the order of a large table. Okay, maybe they'd been waiting a while, and if you don't get that in to the kitchen, things bog down. Then another server came over and asked which of us in the foyer was first. "Me," I said. The father with two kids behind me said: "She is."  The server then looked right past me, picked up three menus, and went to seat the party behind me, the same party that was clearly puzzled and embarrassed to be seated first when they'd said it was my turn.  My strong suspicion, since I'm very tall and had gone for retro-glam in high-heeled mules and a large hat, was that the staff jumped to the erroneous conclusion that I was either a drag queen or transgender. That's an excellent reason for me to not spend money there: I live in a queer-friendly neighborhood because I like those values (whether I need them to apply to me or not) and there are plenty of places I'm more comfortable supporting.
4 We tried this place for breakfast this past weekend because we had heard about it from several people.  It was pretty good.  We only had to wait five minutes for a table on a Sunday morning, which was not bad at all. The service was great the entire time. Always had our water and coffee glasses full.  The food was just okay.  We had their Eggs Benedict, I was not a fan of the ham, but the rest was pretty good. Their breakfast burrito was alright, just too many potatoes, which made it really dry. Their biscuits were delicious, but the chorizo gravy was just okay.
4 Excellent food. Cooked my eggs correctly the FIRST time. Pancakes...awesome. Biscuits with Chorizo Gravy...awesome. Prices were fair. Would like to see a few more options but hey, that they have is working.  Service was excellent. Both waitress in duty this morning were very nice and pleasant but not over the top.  You have to try this place.
5 We love having this place in our hood. The owners are super sweet and recognize you as a regular on your second visit. The food is standard diner fare and super filling. The Arbuckles Coffee is outstanding, and I like that they serve RC instead of the "top two". When you eat here, you're supporting a local, indie mom & pop restaurant and investing in your community. I'll take that over a chain any day of the week. A wonderful addition to the M7 community and this diner enriches the CenPho neighborhood in more ways than I can write.  Now, if we could only convince them to go 24 hours, I'd be in hog heaven!
4 A Master Chef and food historian brought me to Joe's Diner. I've been coming back ever since. The decor is classic American diner but the food and coffee is a cut above. $10 sandwiches are done perfectly. The coffee is Arbuckles Ariosa cowboy coffee. The waitress was very nice. Nice little mid town jem in the Melrose District
5 Joes Diner may have lost a some of the ambience it had at the 16th street location,  they  definitely needed more room.  However, they did not lose any quality in their food. I love, love, love the homemade apple butter.  My eggs are always done perfectly the way I like them and the coffee is really quite good.  My niece loves their pancakes and bacon. This is my go to place for breakfast.  I have tried others but I always come back to Joes.  Give it a try-they are very reasonably priced .
4 Best pancakes, sorry Matt's big Breakfast, it' true.  Good breakfast choices, local ingredients and Melrose Small Business makes it a hit.  They have Cholula & a special California, chili only sauce that is very tasty.  I only recommend they add Chilaquiles to the menu because I am selfish and I love Chilaquies or Southwestern style Migas.  Give this place a shot, the new location on 7th Ave. makes it a bit more convenient and the food is good.
1 First time here, for breakfast.... Was thinking to find something else besides IHOP & Denny's ..... Obviously this place need to call Robert Irvine! Smell old , look old , oily everything you touch .... I have a chance to try anyway because of " good yelp reviews" MISTAKE!!!! Server was sooooo rude, she needs to be "trained" of customer service speak abilities ..... I bet they did not see much nice dressed up people. Ok, food.... Home made potatoes were good, omelet sooooo plain! Do they have at least black pepper? Ok, 1 star for potato....
5 Great place for breakfast!  Joe and Joan have always personally stopped by to talk to us and make us feel welcome and the coffee is as good as it gets!  Some of our favorites are the pancakes, eggs, bacon and potatoes and of course the buttermilk biscuits and gravy.  Service is great too.  The former location on 16th St. was fun but this new one is definitely more roomy.  One other note is that we appreciate that they try and use local products (Arbuckle's coffee, Kalil and more) if possible.
