1 Worst store ever. Avoid avoid. Paid 2500 cash for what was supposed to be  new Frigidaire Steam washer and dryer set. Delivered it. Scratched, dented and apparently dropped. They had to come back the next day as it was never run thru the cycle or set up properly so it danced all over my laundry room. All the while promising they would "make it right for me". Was promised a new set delivered on Monday the 28th and nothing. No call no show. When I called back to find out when it would be delivered, I was told I would have to go thru Frigidaire. What? Two days after sale? What a total ripoff. It is now Saturday, a week later and have left at least ten messages for them. No one has even bothered to call me back. No one. They sent a Frigidaire guy to my house who told me that according to the serial number on my machines they were made two years ago. Two years? Sold to me as brand new? What a total lie. These people are not honest and I have filed a dispute with my credit card company against them. What they brought to my home was NOT what they had said they were bringing. I have photos, and reports to prove it. Seriously buy locally? Not in this circumstance.....avoid Louies appliances and save yourself the heartache, time and money of fully getting ripped off. Seriously. Ripoff, ripoff.
5 Our family just moved and needed appliances.  We had originally gone through another appliance store who had the same type of financing, and their prices were very high.  I found Louie's Appliance online, and called them.  I was looking for a specific refrigerator, and washer/dryer.  Wow!  They delivered!!  When I called, I spoke with Peter.  He was friendly, and he sent me pictures of the products that I was looking for.  Not only did they have what I was looking for, they delievered it the next day.  Their customer service is STELLAR!!!  My appliances work beautifully!  The staff at Louie's Appliances are honest, and willing to go the extra 100 miles to provide the best customer service possible.  I would definitely recommend Louie's Appliance, and will purchase from them again!!!  I would personally like to thank, Peter, Matthew, and Doug for also honoring our military service as well.  If you talk to any of these guys, I promise you will be provided excellent service.
