2 This store is cute and has unique little gifts, but the postal workers are grumpy and rude.  (more than usual)  I'm going to try the 44th and Camelback contract station when I don't use the internet...
5 People need to be realistic. Where are you going to find happy postal workers? They are overworked, underpaid, and have to deal with crazy people all day. But the postal workers at Cornerstone stand out, not for being nice, but for being VERY efficient and also willing to help you if your nice and you admit you need it. Unless it's taxes or holidays, you won't wait more than 5 min in line. Usually I just walk right up to the counter. I'll never wait in those huge lines again at the main branches. So if your package is ready, you need stamps, or you need help and will be nice as you admit it, this is the best post office in town.  BTW, they don't take click-n-ship labels and there is no pharmacy anymore.
5 Cornerstone Pharmacy has a wide variety of gifts (handmade items, too!), and the postal workers have always been kind and courteous to me.  Also, they're so much faster than the regular post office.  I have gone out of my way before to use this location.  I highly recommend it!
4 I use the USPS kiosk at the back of the store often.  They never have the lines that the Post Office on Thomas Rd. has and it is convenient to my business and rental property.  They offer many cards, jewelry, office supplies, cowboy artwork, unique, one-of-a-kind gifts and more.
1 S/b 0 stars for their postal service w/ their umpteen signs that tell you what not to do and then they ask you to not shop online because it hurts their revenue. Here's a tidbit for the biz owner - it's not the internet that's hurting your biz, rather your unwillingness to make the customers experience pleasant or helpful. Plenty of service businesses have had competition from the internet and they're doing great! Why? Because they raised their game!! Made themselves so alluring to the customer that people go out of their way to frequent them - even spend more time and money!  I will never step foot in there again... Consider that more revenue lost.
