5 This pop-up Mexican is only in town till the Festival runs, so that's about one week left of pulled pork goodness. Seriously, this is the best Mexican I've had in Edinburgh. Go, go now!  The nachos, for a start, are proper hand-made nachos. Not dorito-packet type numbers. The beef and pork are both made with beans, stewed and cooked over a long time, and are a very generous helping over the nachos. The nachos aren't smothered with cheese, instead its the meaty, saucy goodness that coats them with a bit of cheese on top. They're practically HEALTHY (if meat is healthy).  The burrito looks equally good. But I've only tried the nachos.  Simple and quite bare inside with a few tables, dont expect any glamorous dining experience. It's Fringe street-food but with a wee pop-up dining area. Go, go now. Change your lunch or dinner plans and get some Mexican in you.
4 Popped in for dinner the other night before going to see Quirke at the BBC tent.  I had the beef burrito & the OH tried the pulled pork burrito.  We were given a choice of toppings - cheese, salsa, guac, sour cream and sauce.  There were also three levels of sauce to choose from: hot, hotter and outrageous. I'm a wimp at really spicy food so I stuck to the hot sauce, it had a kick but it was a  tasty "gentle nudge" rather than " blow your head off"  level of chilli. Whilst I really enjoyed the flavours in my burrito it was pricey for the size of the portion. The beef burrito was £6.50 and the pork one £6.00 so definitely festival prices. I could've eaten two and I suspect the OH would've had three if we'd had the time. As it was we ended up going elsewhere to get more food. Great for lunch or a snack, not enough for dinner.
1 Not impressed.  Went there just before 12 noon. Nothing was ready for lunch.  No pork today. Beef wasn't even on. Server had an attitude of couldn't care less and the place stunk of alcohol.   They wanted yelp reviews but we want good service, good value and to sample the goods.  I was really looking forward to this as they hyped up their profile and asked if yelpers could review.  Disappointed.
