5 I had to laugh the other day when  I read in the paper that Jenny Ha's was attacked for being a nazi pub. You simply couldn't get nicer people in one place! All the staff are welcoming, friendly and make you feel at total ease, even though there is a degree of locality to it. It is a nice, simple pub with a great atmosphere and really comforting. It reminded me of Christmas in a funny way. If you're visiting the parliament it's definitely worth a visit for a wee tod or a dram or two on your way back up the royal mile.
5 Like Emily I'm slightly baffled at the way in which Jenny's was branded a Nazi pub. I found it exceptionally welcoming, with lovely blond-haired punters happy to discuss their passion for neat moustaches and precision engineering. The staff are all quite cheerful as well, and despite it's location, everything about the pub, down to the signage and colour scheme, tells you it's aimed more at rowdy locals than tourists.  it's worth a stop to take away the crushing disappointment you'll invariably have just experienced if you've been stung for a tenner at Holyrood Palace.
2 Ummm. I guess we should've gone for the beer & booze and not the food?  Our lunch here last month could only be charitably called mediocre.  I'm not even going into details, other than to say we thought the frozen food service delivery lorry must make regular stops here.
3 Jenny Ha's is a Royal Mile pub. I generally tend to steer clear of most pubs and cafés on the Royal not because of the expected standard of service or food but they are likely to be full to the brim, bustling, and I prefer to stay off the beaten track.  But after hiking up Arthur's Seat for the first time ever late last summer, and then the craggy bit, and then walking all the way up from Holyrood Palace I was starrrrrvvinnnnnng (anyone who knows me, knows this is far more serious than a normal hunger) and lo, there was a pub with my name. Quick look at the menu - burgers, yes - and we went in.  It's got that traditional Scottish pub feel to it: old-fashioned, dark painted rickety wooden furniture, old tatty carpets but all of which feels comforting. The sort of place my grandparents too me for a Sunday lunch treat.   The staff were friendly and efficient, despite that it was busy. The tabled area for food is a little crammed together. The booths look comfy but the tables are a bit close for comfort. Oh well. Hunger.  We both ordered burgers. They were burgers are as burgers do. Hand-made rather than cheap refrozen which is gooooood, and definitely good standard for a traditional pub grub lunch (this is completely different to gastropub).  My diet coke was a little watery and the glass a little water-marked. Not an awful thing, but just trying to put some perspective on the place. I definitely wouldn't seek this place out for a drink or food, but if I were hungry and were in the area and had to choose one of the Royal Mile pubs it would be Jenny Ha's for the really friendly and efficient staff and a burger that filled the hole and then some, and actually was not half bad.  Having just spied the uploaded photo of the nachos from another yelper it seems they might be quite tasty too. Definitely the sort of place to come with a big appetite and without a giving a rat's ass for calorie counting!
4 A quintessential Scottish pub (in my American opinion at least!).  Nothing like some Haggis Nachos after a long hike up to Arthur's Seat!  A great back to sit back, relax, and enjoy an afternoon in Edinburgh (with a football game or two on TV, no doubt)!
4 Visiting from NYC... Closed? That's odd. I was there on August 21!  My daughter and I had hamburger and soup and drinks. Great spot-excellent location- to stop after or in the middle of  a LONG afternoon of walking tour. Food was OK, staff was friendly and let us sit long after our meal was over... no rushing us out to turn the table. Historical note for you golfers... check out the plaque on the front of the building. The story goes that there was a competition  between 2 royals (?Scot /England?) to decide  who invented the game .... the Scots won!
