4 They don't have their liquor license...YET, so our group was kind of disappointed when we showed up for Design AND Wine and found it would be minus the wine. Some people were going to leave but were convinced to stay. Overall it was a great experience and the owner was very apologetic that they weren't in full swing yet. They should be getting their liquor license by the end of the month. Will definitely be going back another time.
5 Yummy asparagus rolls, free refills and awesome staff! Highly recommended for first time painters
5 This is one of my favorite painting spots now! Met up with friends and we had such a funtastic time! One of our friends never painted before and was very apprehensive about it, when she saw the final result she was amazed of how wonderful she could paint, actually the instructor was very easy to follow and took her time and reminded us that we were not in a race and it did not have to look exactly like hers or your friends. The staff is very friendly and attentive we ordered our wine and food, the wine was brought out immediately and the food followed shortly, the food was delicious and the dessert was divine! Although, it was a full class the seating is comfortable, the place is clean (a sink to rinse your paint cup was a plus). The music was great! Overall it was a picture perfect time and "I will be back" :) I encourage you to try it, even if you think you don't know how to paint (like most of us thought).
1 My gf and I were excited to try this place. It's in our neighborhood & seemed like something we'd enjoy. Well, we went in & were told that "Design AND Wine" had no liquor license. We wanted the full experience we talked about for several weeks. After all, Nobody notified us in advance that Design AND Wine could serve no wine. We said we'd like to change our reservation for a later date when they had their problems worked out. Even though they were unprepaired to open they were completely unapologetic & unwilling to be flexible or accommodating in any way.  I hate to be a negative reviewer. But they really left me no other option. I hope my gf leaves 1 too. There are way too many entertainment options in LV to accept such poor customer service & attitude.
4 This was actually way better than I expected. First of all, in September, the new Green Valley location was only $19, which I think is a good price. The food/drink is not really a great value, but it's ok. Beers were $5, glasses of wine $7, paninis $7, and desserts $6, I think. I wish they would run specials, like entry for 2 and a bottle of wine for $50 or something....  I really want to be artistic, but I just don't cut it on any creative level, so when I saw the painting we would be copying for the night, I was like, "no way. That is way too hard!" The instructor takes you through everything step by step, with what brush to use, how to mix a color, and how and where to apply it, so yours doesn't exactly look like the original, but I thought mine came out pretty good! Good enough to be proud of and hang up in the house!  It's definitely a woman-scene. The night I was there (Wednesday!), every single seat was full except for my friend's because she got sick (about 50 people, total). Of that, only 2 were men. One looked like a boyfriend who came on a date, and one was just a random single old guy who sat next to me.   Overall, it was a fun evening. I won't become a regular, but I might do it again some day.
5 As always Rachel, Avi and staff give one hundred percent dedication to each and every customer. I have been to both locations and have always been treated with kindness and respect! The prices are fair and there are always specials and give always happening! These people work hard to provide a great, relaxing time! They make everyone feel wanted and talented! The food is worth every penny and the wine is delicious, and trust me cuz I'm picky about wine. I have been to both locations and have always had a great time! I cannot wait until I get to experience a private party coming up! I am sure the staff will be just as welcoming and lively as they are when it's open to the public! No fake people here just 100% genuine! And 100% fun!!!!
5 I have been going to D&W and ever since September 2012 due to a Groupon. And I have been addicted to it ever since. It is a wonderful place for a Girls Night Out, Birthday Parties and Friend Get Togethers. I have gotten ALOT people addicted to it because I rave about it so much. They have gone with me and had a blast and always wants to go again. I have come to know the staff and they are the best. It is a nice place to get away from to relax and paint. I have met some good friends thru this place as well. I go about once or twice and month and sometimes more and I have a AWESOME experience every single time. I LOVE the staff and the place. They will ALWAYS ALWAYS have my business and support.
5 Design & Wine's new location in Henderson is the bomb!!  Same great service, same outstanding staff and same delicious food that they've spoiled us with at their Las Vegas location!  So glad I now have two Design & Wine locations to choose from! I will continue TO GET MY PAINT ON at this fabulous place!!
5 i love both locations...this one is just a bit better, more dryers, better water station...i like checking in at the back of the room, rather than fhe front... great food choices, nice wine, super service...really love this location...
3 Interesting experience.  Surprisingly (with my lack of painting/drawing talent) my pic came out very close to the original, as did most in the class.   When i went it was very crowded and I realized a big problem is the lack of space as people place their food on the same area as their painting supplies.   The workers there (who often did double duty as paint assistants and servers) were very polite and helpful. Instructor was good. The food options were all yummy but if you're watching your waistline you probably want to eat first. Almost everything was made with butter smeared throughout (paninis, etc.) Also, beware large parties of loud women.  My friend and I were annoyed at how the women near us wouldn't shut up about non-related BS.  And how they were louder than the instructor so we couldn't always hear what she had to say. Also, I felt the class was a bit long.  Maybe 2.5 hours and more concise directions - and a shorter dinner break would work better.  I was getting bored by the dinner break which I think was WAY too long btw.  And lastly, it would be nice to have a late night option since so many of us here in Vegas work graveyard hours and are used to eating dinner around 9 pm or later.  Otherwise, totally worth trying if you've never done it.
5 We have been here twice and had a blast both times. The paninis are delicious and Melissa is a great instructor.
5 My sister and I went here for the first time today. I choose Design and Wine simply because I felt that their paintings looked more fun than the other paint and wine places. I am so glad I did. When we walked in the instructors for the evening were at the door greeting everyone. They asked if it was our first time and even joked with us a bit. During the class Melissa was helpful and fun! She was very approachable and her instructions were clear and concise. We just didn't know what to expect so we followed her instructions to a tee and ended up with wonderful paintings. Other people were more adventurous and did their own colors. Maybe next time we will.   Melissa went around to each person to see if they needed help and was available whenever needed. She is definitely an asset. The servers were also very nice and I apologize that I did not think to get their individual names but I was very impressed with them. I definitely suggest checking this out if you get an opportunity. On the way home I was already trying to figure out another time to go back.
5 I absolutely love this place. It is a great time with family and friends. Stop by and try it out, you will find yourself having a good time.
5 Love going to Design and Wine! Both locations are great! My friends and I always have the best time and can't wait to go again. The staff is always friendly and eager to meet your needs. My paintings always turn out great! See you soon!
5 We were slightly intimidated by the detail in our painting. Once we got going and following along we had SO much fun. Robert and the entire team were fabulous. We highly recommend Design and Wine.
5 I loved this place! It was a very fun environment, funny and interactive staff, great instruction without the pressures of 'performance', and very innovative.   First, I'll begin with the concept. Great place for an amateur artist to play around and create something, but also open for a more skilled artist to explore. The instructor was very concise, step by step breakdown and entertaining as well. The reins are free though!! I took my boyfriend and he ended up deferring from the instruction and painting a dinosaur destroying a city instead of a peacock (since we both agreed halfway through class that his 'peacock' looked more like a dinosaur) haha. Everyone loved it! It is more of a 'ladies spot' having as he was the only man in that particular class, but he actually enjoyed it as well.   The wine/beer and food is not overpriced compared to the overall coast of the experience as a whole. We could have easily spent the equivalent at a decent restaurant without the canvas' and fun experience to take away.   I will definitely be returning at some point to do it again, maybe a ladies night out instead this time. (I won't subject my boyfriend to it in repetition, although it is something fun to try as a date night experience I think, if your significant other isn't intimidated or emasculated by it)   Overall, we had a blast. Definitely spreading the word!
5 This place is pretty cool. Drinking and painting is a good mix. Don't wear "good clothes," as my shirt and jeans are now both spotted with paint. I was skeptical about coming here, but we actually had a really good time.
4 Went Saturday night for a ladies night party. First time doing anything like it but it was great! There were quite a few first timers in our party and it would have been nice if things were explained right away such as how food and drinks worked (no bar, guy took orders, no menus when we got there had to ask). The teacher (can't remember her name, the wine got me!) was fantastic at explaining things. Think she mentioned she teaches art and it shows! She was fun and went at a great pace for everyone to follow. She answered all our questions and gave great feedback throughout the class. The drinks weren't a great value but the same as they would be in a restaurant. The food was surprisingly delicious! Most of us ordered paninis and I didn't hear anything but good comments on them. Only problem..most of us didn't know who or what to tip. The guy who brought our food, the teacher, separately or together. Hope we did it right. Well def be back. Great place for a fun ladies night! Bottle and paint combos like someone suggested on here would be an awesome idea!
5 It's amazing to me how good the customer service is here! When I call with a question Christina is very friendly and able help. Then when you get to either studio the staff is there to do whatever they can to ensure you have what you need and you have a good time. Thanks for always making this a great experience!
5 My sister brought me to Design & Wine on a surprise sister date night.  It was so awesome, we had such a great time. Melissa was the best, she gave easy to follow instructions for completing the painting.  I would love to do this again!!!
4 Came for a birthday party and I was so nervous because I can't paint. Melissa was amazing! She was kind and gave great instruction. The wine and food tasted good as well and I left with a beautiful picture! I'll be back!
5 A great time.  Go with someone or by yourself, it will be fun no matter what.  The instructor was fun and the place is nicely set up!
5 This is definitely a different experience,  but I say that in the best way possible!  Lots of fun and a friendly environment.  There is a Menu you could order off of for food and drinks. I only had water and some asparagus puffs. They were ok. Not worth 6 bucks for 5 little puffs that were nothing to write home about. Everyone on staff seemed great.  One smart ass guy amongst the employees who went around making jokes about people's paintings. He was just kidding around but I think it could be taken the wrong way.  This place is definitely worth a try with friends or for a date night.  They even give you a frequent painter card so after so many you get one free. Neat place.
5 Had the best of time with "ladies night out" in the private room. The instructor was great, the overall staff was great, the food was great, and they had my favorite Riesling! I am now trying to get some other friends to go because this is where you walk away with great laughs, pictures, a full stomach, a painting of your own and an overall great experience!
5 My friend Shannon and I had the best time! Both first timers, and wow, was this fun! I have never painted before, and I was pretty sure it would turn out awful but the instructor was so good, I was very pleasantly surprised! The food was yummy, the instructor was awesome, and the staff was so friendly and helpful!!
5 First time painting here. It was a great experience, and Melissa was a great host. There were many first timers as well as veterans, and various age groups. The pace Melissa went at was perfect for all.  We didn't have lunch, but did spring for desert. The chocolate croissants were delicious. Served warm and flaked to perfection. Will be back for sure
5 I loved it, went with 2 girlfriends and we had such a good time ! My painting is not great , but it was a fun experience . The instructor Elsa was great , and Marcos sang a beautiful song to 2 birthday girls .
2 So, my lady and I did a couples' night event. She'd been to an individual D&W before; this was my first. I think painting should have a therapeutic effect, but the instructor, Melissa, went WAY too quickly for that. The experience was more stressful than therapeutic. Melissa was 5-10 minutes ahead of us the whole time.  Drinks and food were expensive but tasty. I might try it again...at a different location or with a different instructor. $150 to be rushed through a painting while being rushed through your meal...not really worth it.
4 I love this place. Every time you get a beautiful masterpiece that you never thought you could create. I would give it 5 stars, but this last time, they were really late serving our dinner. We got it after the break, which made it really hard to eat it because the instructor was really fast. I mean really fast! Plus we were sitting in the seats where we looked at her back the whole time, and we weren't able to see what she was doing. By the time we could, she was on the next step,so that was frustrating. With that being said, it is still a great night out. We'll be back Saturday for Starry Night. The food is excellent and the service is usually great. It really is a great value for your money.
5 Would do this again my friend and I had a wonderful time. My Daughter and her friends did this and it looked fun so off to Henderson we went. Our style is different than when the girls came and we did "Dare to Dream" It is so funny everyone's picture is the same but different. I loved being able to have a glass of wine to relax me. I didn't know about my picture but m Son wants it and so does my Granddaughter must be ok then We are more criticle of our work. The instructer was a lot of  fun and very helpful and all the servers were fun. I would do it again in a minute. My friend and I are in are 70's and we had a blast this is not just for the young.Thanks for the memories. Linda Andrade
5 Wow, what a difference! Gave it another shot and had an awesome experience!   I thought I'd booked our session, only to find out when we got there that I'd had technical difficulties in booking (my fault). Rachel took great care of us and found us a spot in the class.  The paintings were very cool, and Andrea was such an amazing instructor! In an earlier lesson, I felt rushed and ignored. Not this time - Andrea answered questions, went at a reasonable pace, and gave tips if anyone was having problems. The food was tasty and we weren't rushed to finish, the wine was good, the red velvet cake was delicious... This was an excellent time, well worth it! Thank you so much, Rachel, Andrea, and Carlos (who serenaded those with birthdays with a Spanish birthday song on acoustic guitar!)!
