5 I used to love IHOP and then I really hated going to IHOP.  I haven't tasted ihop for over two years, until one day my mom wanted to eat there.  I was completely against going, but she convinced me to go.    We went to this IHOP near our home and I was completely blown away how clean and refreshing the place looked.  I was just shocked! All the IHOP I have been going to looks dirty.   Service (4.5): Our server was completely amazing and friendly.  He checked on us regularly and made some funny jokes.  Food (4.5): Omg, the bacon does not look like it was microwaved. Whoa! My plate is full of food! Double whoa, the food tasted amazing and my waffle is so yummy and fluffy! I cannot believe this right now!  -Usually all the food I have gotten at IHOP looked so unappetizing and everything look like it has been microwaved.  However, this location the food looked amazing and tasted great.    Overall (5):  The service was great and the food tasted the way I never expected IHOP's food to taste.  So i was very pleased and satisfied.   I am so happy it is walking distance from my house.
1 Terrible service, sirloin tips burnt the last time we came.. This time - we were unlucky to get the same server (Bianca).   The first visit, she never checked up on us and when she gave the check.. We then said the sirloin was burnt& she had a blank expression on her face then walked away..of course she did not get a tip!  The second visit( after a month ), we asked about the kids menu having free refills on drinks & she said soda only. We told her that the little sign said chocolate milk too.. She then responded with " I've been here a year & you dont get refills on that. She also told us that she will be getting another server for us?? This server has evident service issues!!  The servers name is Bianca and she was very rude & obviously hated her job.. She should never be in a customer facing position, it would benefit any company more to put this type of terrible personnel, more back of the house. As a patron, we come to different ihop locations & this is the worse one.   We spoke to Bernadette the manager, we did not feel that she did anything immediate to satisfy our complaint so we asked for her boss's number because we were treated horribly by Bianca& she needs to go! The manager did however ended up being the one to just serve us and was very pleasant with another server ( soleil or something )  We were here to relax, enjoy our saturday morning & have a nice family breakfast not experience all this non sende
1 This place is a train wreck. We waited at least 10 minutes (maybe 15) for a server to come to our table.  Finally I got out of our booth and flagged him down. His name is Lance and he is without a doubt one of the most obnoxious jerks I have ever come across. When I complained about the wait he essentially said that they were short handed and if I didn't like it we should leave. Naturally I walk to the front and asked for the manager. I was told by the hostess that she wasn't there (big surprise). She did give me her card.  I called and left a message but no return call. I will never go to any IHOP ever again. Absolutely pathetic.
5 Great
