1 Don't state your price then charge 30 cents more per gallon unless you get a car wash. Then to add injury to insult you charge 10 cents more if you don't pay with cash or a 76 card. I notice most of the 76 stations in the area do this. This is an unethical marketing tactic. I'm boycotting 76 stations and telling my friends too also.
5 This place use to be a Flamingo stop and closed and now it's a 76.  Me and a friend was heading to RC WIELYS and I needed gas so I seen the gas sign said 3.39 and so I stopped and got out and inserted my card and brought a car wash. The carwash is either a hand or auto. You choose. I prefer hand but it was already closed so I got the auto. They put in a new auto bay and it did really good. Ill return.    (The price listed for gas is only if you buy a carwash.)
4 This station is right on my way to work.  I stopped because gas was only $3.09 !!! So i checked in and bam got me a free car wash just for checking in ($4.99 value) but was a great wash and believe me my car needed it....BAD !!! I was pretty excited about this offer.  The only reason for 4 stars is cause the guy looked at me like a was a crazy liar when i went in with my phone to redeem my offer.  But i will for sure go back !!!
5 A friend told me about this deal. The gas was $3.29, $3.09 w/free car wash. I had the offer on my phone showed it to the lady, she didn't know about the offer, at that time a male worker said he recently posted the offer on Yelp. But all was well, I got a free "drive thru" car wash. It did a great job, considering.
1 I like that this was the only car wash open at 11pm, but what a stupid design. Your car's left tire needs to fit perfectly into a conveyor belt that pushes your vehicle through. If you miss that opening, you're screwed. Cant back up. Its hard to describe this, but once you actually try to drive your car through, you'll understand.
1 Total rip off...I went in to put gas in my gas when outside it showed 4.13/gl. After I paid inside I went to fuel my car and I saw that the price now is 4.23/gl. 4.23??? Total rip off. I went back inside to ask what is going on and the cashier told me it because I paid with debit card. I understand there might be fees once in a while for paying with a card but it wasn't stated no where visible and .10 cent for each galon is too much.
