5 This shop is small but packed with quality supplements- but just the necessary stuff that gym rats and athletes need and not all the other garbage that places like Hi-Health try to sling. I like the owners because they are incredibly knowledgeable about their products and they are experienced fitness buffs. Most importantly though- this shop makes MEAN SMOOTHIES. We're talking high protein, low cal, low carb smoothies made with fresh ingredients and not garbage which actually taste amazing. Tough thing to get right actually. Go for the "Butterfinger." Tastes just like one, but great for you.
2 They have a ton of stuff all over the walls,  however they love to just put things in your hand without telling you bad side effects.  I decided to go back to driving 6 miles away to go to vitamin world over this place... People here are just not educated in the products how they work and if it's OK to take them with other stuff.  Seems like they just jam crap into their bodies because they think it'll make them huge..... If you know your stuff about supplements may wanna try it out,  if your newer to the try somewhere else. Also a little overpriced...
1 The place was small but clean. It was my first time there and I ordered two shakes (one for my daughter and one for myself). Ten minute later I was driving down the road and the  straw went right through the cup on both my shake as well as my daughters. We had the shake all over my car, clothes and hands. It was one huge sticky mess. I had to stop in the middle of the road and dump it out so it didn't make even more of a mess in my car. I called one stop to tell them and they said sorry and that was  it. The shakes tasted good (the little we had), but it is not worth wearing them and I don't recommend it.
5 The husband and wife that own this store KNOW their STUFF!!  They are both body building competitors and are very friendly and knowledgable about supplements, and if they don't know the answer to your question, they have no problem taking the time to research it for you and help you find a good fit for your needs!  They don't BS you with answers, they are honest, friendly, and very helpful!!  And their smoothies are the BEST I have ever had!!  They take the time to help out everyone they can, and are really passionate about what they do, and it shows!  Love this place, it is my go-to for any health supplement needs, AND my go-to for the best smoothies in town!  you should really give them a try :)
5 This is by far the best shop I have ever been to. The owners are knowledgeable of each product they have on the shelve. If I go in and ask about a particular supplement   the will find it for me (even if its not the brand I read about) THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE!   Whenever I have a question about some particular exercise they explain the functions and proper from of the exercise. The owner even took the time out her day to talk to my soccer team about proper diet and exercise. They make the best shakes! If your looking for the best supplement store this is it. I will be purchasing more from them in the future!   One last note another reason I purchase from them is they actually lift, I mean the really lift! Other nutritional shops have  overweight sales reps. And lets get serious why would I take weight loss or lifting and nutritional advice from some individual who doesn't even go to the gym! This store is and its owner/operators are simply the best!
