4 Good sushi, good deal on the all you can eat. The service was a little slow but I'd go back again.
5 Great sushi and good service!  We went with the all you can eat and ordered almost everything on the menu.  Tip: if you go with the all you can eat, order half rolls so that you can try more things on the menu.  The servers are very attentive and fast.  We will come back for more..
5 New listing?  New owner?  Not sure why it's "new," but in the end, it doesn't really matter.  I put my trust in you....wait, got sidetracked for a second....  How's the food???  THAT'S what matters to me!!  Well, as you might have guessed seeing the 5 star review, it's better than good in my book.  It was surprisingly good actually!  I ordered about 15 different kinds of Nigiri.  Not ONE of them were disappointing!  All tasted fresh, but here are some noteworthy ones to touch on :  Uni : Very good Uni! Love the consistency...not watery/runny or overly salty!  I am SUPER particular when it comes to uni...it's the difference between thoroughly enjoying it, or slightly gagging on it at first taste.  Thankfully, it's the former.  Hotate : The Fresh Scallops were PERFECT! Super tender, melt in your mouth good! Buttery, with just a hint of citrus and wasabi of course...only thing I have found to rival it ANYWHERE is YG&S's LIVE counterpart!  And considering that it's not FAIR to compare it, this is the best I've found LOL :P  Amaebi : The sweet shrimp had a slight crunch to it, buttery taste, and smooth finish.  Great choice.  I did not receive the fried heads...you probably need to specify if you want them.  The Hamachi Kama was on the daily special...this is my most favorite part of the fish!  If you see it on the menu and don't mind diggin in for the good stuff, you gotta try the collar if you have been sleeping under a rock!  If you've had it before, you are gonna order it without reading this anyways LOL.  And for dessert, both the Chocolate Mousse and Green Tea Creme Brulee were on daily special.  If you see either on the menu, I would highly recommend both!  Chocolate mousse is a little thicker than their sister stores counterpart, but still that same great taste.  The creme brulee was perfect...strong green tea taste, and I love that crispy crust!  Service was very fast.  They were pretty slow on this Tuesday night, which got me worried about the quality I was to encounter, but I am glad it didn't affect my visit.  But because it was slow, my orders got taken promptly, food was prepared and served quickly, and I always had refills etc.  Only NEGATIVE thing I can think of...I got charged $3 for "sharing" with Little Foodie Dude.  He just turned two, and yes, he DOES have an appetite LOL, but it will mark forever in history as his first charge at an AYCE restaurant.  I'm not too mad though, considering he ate an entire order of Edamame, 4 pieces of unagi, ahi, salmon skin handroll etc lol.  He got his $3 worth :P  I hope it wasn't a fluke, but I much preferred my visit today than the last few times I have been to the Henderson location, as well as the G'monster himself!  All they need now is the Grilled Pork Belly and I'll never have to go back there again lol.  Keep it up Sushi-Mon...keep the ball rollin forward and never look back!  Pics :
4 They have new owners and a new menu. All of the sushi chefs are new too. The new menu is good. There are only so many rolls you can make.  It pretty much comes down to how fresh the product is and how clean the place is. I would recommend you try this place.
5 Super psyched the ownership has changed at this neighborhood spot. Now Sushi Mon is showin' off with some of the freshest/most melt-in-your-mouth fish I've had at a sushi bar in Vegas. Very high-quality Yellowtail Belly, Salmon Belly, Tuna Belly, Halibut and butter-basted Unagi (Freshwater Eel) were all generously served up at the lunch AYCE by the cool sushi chef Yoshi-san.  I had the lunch AYCE ($21.95) twice in 3 days just to make sure it was consistent before writing this review. Those familiar with Goyemon who live on the West side of town will definitely find Sushi Mon more convenient. Looking forward to taking my parents here when they come to town!
4 Had a different sushi chef make my sushi (all of the front bar seats were occupied) and the experience was completely different than the last two times over the past 2 weeks.  The same slab of fish can be cut a million different ways, and the overall array I got today was more *Kabuto*-like, unfortunately. If this were my first time at the new Sushi Mon, I would have been somewhere in 3-star land. My last 2 visits have been so good though - I will just make sure to always sit on the front side ;)
1 Teriyaki chicken was disgusting. I had heard good things about this place. I was terribly disappointed. I won't ever go back.
2 For years Sushi Mon was my go to place for AYCE sushi.  Brought all of my friends here too.   After being out of town for several weeks, I got off the plane and went right there for lunch, and found, as others wrote, that they are under new management and with all new staff.    The menu is all different with many of my favorites removed, the portions smaller (doesn't really matter in AYCE).  They were understaffed this visit, and the two chefs were hard-pressed to keep up.  The wait-staff seemed overwhelmed and unsure of themselves. (One took my glass away to refill my drink and never came back).  The fish itself was not quite right.  The cajon albacore overspiced, the yellowtail not the light-pink slabs of meat, the rolls mostly rice, low on fish.  I'll be back to try again just in case, but I'm on the lookout for a new place for sushi, which is quite a dissapointment.
5 So fresh! Great sushi chefs with great personalities! This is Goyemon II but without the crispy rice cakes ( for now...they are coming soon). My boyfriend said to give it a one star because he doesn't want it to get crowded! Lol! Really great sushi and AYCE too!
3 If I were to base my review on all of my previous visits, Sushi Mon would have 5 stars.  Based on last night's visit, I have to drop down to 3.  Let's start with the positive: THE FOOD!  I am a sushi fanatic, and as disappointed as I was in the service last night, I will ALWAYS come back here for the sushi. The fish is fresh, prepared well, and flavorful.   It has always been consistantly amazing.  I've never had bad sushi here (other than just the stuff that I personally don't care for due to texture, etc.)  The restaurant is always clean, as well, and the staff is usually very friendly.  now for the negatives:  It took 2 servers AND the chefs to explain what the specials were.  I'm sorry, but in ANY restaurant, you need to know exactly what the specials are so that you can explain them to people who might want to try.    While the delivery of our sushi was fine, it took AGES to get our dessert order taken, and then 15 minutes after we were done with dessert for our check to come.  Too long, folks, and you were NOT that busy.  The other HUGE negative for me was this: Last Friday, I looked at their websited, and saw that they were still doing the Free All You Can Drink sake with the purchase of AYCE sushi.   That was the WHOLE reason the 7 of us waited till  Monday to go for sushi. When we got there, they said "Oh, no, we don't do that anymore."    Your website said three days ago that you did.  Really?  And you're not going to honor it when we made special arrangements to be here specifically for that deal?  Not cool.  Not cool at all.  I mean...maybe they remembered that my two friends and I put away 11 bottles in an hour the last time...but...I doubt that.    Quality of the food is always good, but I do not approve of the dropping standards in their service AND their advertising.  **UPDATE 5:47pm 10/8. The website still advertises the all you can drink sake.  I'm really pissed right now, and just sent an email to them.  We'll see if anything happens.
2 The food is good. It's close to my house. The main reason why I'm giving this such a low review is because their website said, free sakeSun, Mon, and Tues with all you can eat. This is FALSE. That's the main reason why I waited to come here. They really need to change this. Very misleading and disappointing. Sorry but what I spent on the sake was going to be your tip.
4 We decided to come here after learning it was part of the "mon" chains and we love goyemon! It's a smaller establishment and I used to come here a bunch when it was owned by an previous owner. We were seated right away and they told me that it would be $3 bucks for my one year old to eat. That irked be a little bit, because 1. how much can a one year old really eat and 2. I was feeding my child food that I had brought at that exact moment when they asked.   Overall, the sushi quality was decent. Like other Yelpers have said the selection isn't as large as Goyemon, but the main thing was that the sushi quality was good and I actually did enjoy it. Halfway through the meal it realized one of the sushi chefs was a chef I knew from before.  Chef Tony is awesome! If I ever get a chance to sit at the bar I would want him to make my sushi.   Service was a bit slow, but the sushi came out fairly quick.  It just takes awhile to get their attention to order more when you are at a table. I will be back for some more sushi one of these days!
4 I'm not a fan of all you can eat Asian food, because I know the quality isn't there.  I'd much prefer quality over quantity when talking about food.  I must say though sushi mon is legit.  They make all the sushi fresh to order.  You just tell the waitress or sushi chef what you want and they make it right there.  The variety of different sashimi / sushi rolls / appetizers makes this place well worth the $26.95 for dinner.    There are some sashimi's that you can only order just one per person because of how expensive it is, but at least you get to try it still.    The people working there were really nice.  It wasn't too busy, but I herd when it gets busy that the food takes awhile to come out.  You have to make sure that you eat all your food along with the rice or else you'll get charged extra.    I'll definitely come back to this place when I come back to Vegas!
5 I've came to this location a few times in the past whenever I come to Vegas. It's fairly off the strip but it's probably the best local spot that doesn't have the Vegas markup. Personally I rather eat this than a Vegas buffet. It's a small humble location in a plaza. The wait staff were super friendly and quick with their service. They do not skimp on anything. I would probably place this in my top 5 sushi spots.  The nigiri is super duper fresh! How do they even get fresh fish all the way out to Vegas!? The price is very typical but you really get your worth in quality. Dessert, drinks all included. I can't really say anything more.
4 Love love love love this place! I used to eat here a couple times a week until I was kinda spent on it. Needed a break. =)  Their waitstaff are super friendly and bust their asses to keep you happy. They always remember me when I walk in too, which makes a huge difference to me. Restaurant is always clean as well, including the bathrooms.  Everything here is delicious. I've never had one thing here that wasn't, and I've tried pretty much everything on the menu. However, they changed their menu pretty recently and got rid of a lot of the dinner specials. This makes me sad. Their "love boat" dinner special was the best! They still have a lot of dinner specials though, like the salmon special, which is so good and such a great value.  I don't think they have their volcano #2 roll either, which was amazing!  I've never done the all you can eat sushi here, so I can't vouch for that.
4 Update: Yoshi-san has left the building. I do not know Yoshi personally, nor do I know the circumstances of his leaving Sushi Mon, but I can say that my initial 5-star impression of the 'new' Sushi Mon was largely predicated on his fish-cutting talent.  Sitting in front of an unfamiliar sushi chef is sort of like disrobing for a deep-tissue massage with an unfamiliar masseuse. It's unlikely you're going to stop the process before the hour is done.
4 So yummy! Had a dinner date with my girls and we so amazing. You definitely need to get there early they are really busy around dinner time! The conch was delish! Ayce is a must then you can try a bit of everything! They also do half rolls which makes it easier to taste everything. The strawberry saki was very good as well! Will definitely be coming here again!!
4 UPDATE:Returned a few days ago and they definitely made some changes. The sake is very affordable not like other sushi restaurants. Also the food quality is way better. This might be my favorite place. Also the cooks are really nice and constantly check on you. Great food and service. :)
3 A strong 3 Stars IMHO...  I saw a tip recently that they do a great California Roll here...lol...well they do more than that.  There are only a few incredible things I find here these days (under the "new" owner and staff,) but there is still a lot they are doing right here.  As I see it, there are two reasons to come here: Uni & AYCE.  They don't serve any disappointments here.  Just about everything is a little above average, so with AYCE you get a lot of good food at a solid price $26/$27 I think.  But outside of the Uni there is nothing here worth calling out specifically in my book.  One of the better spots in the immediate area, but not a place I go out of my to get to.
5 OK.  I went back to Sushi Mon on Monday, and after the service issues I had before, I was very nervous.  Let me just say that my faith has been restored.  The fish was still wonderful, as it always is, but the big improvment for me was the service.  We sat at the bar, and the place was packed.  Our chef was Tony, who was an absolute pleasure.    We had servers stopping by filling up our water glasses, asking if we wanted anything off the menu with the AYCE.  Everyone was polite and VERY quick.    No more waiting for 20 minutes for our check!    Also, they finally updated the website and took down the All you can drink ad that was up there forever.   I'm a little upset that they still have not replied to the emails I sent them about that, but...it is what it is.   I feel much better about going to this, my favorite All You Can Eat sushi restaurant since the service improved so much.
5 Awesome SUSHI!! Super Fresh!! This place has the best all you can eat Sushi in Summerlin!! See Chef Soto at the bar for great service!!
4 A couple of years ago, this place used to be my go-to AYCE sushi restaurant when I lived nearby. Alas I moved and stopped frequenting the place for a while. Probably a good thing for me since I was going almost twice a week and would eat my weight in sushi.  I was a bit surprised when they changed management. Even though the current staff seems friendly and prompt, I can't help but miss the cute and fun Thai ladies that used to wait on me. Not as homey as before but still serving very good quality seafood. If you're not into overindulging, they have lunch specials and some are under $10. I get my sushi fix with the 3 handroll combo with a good assortment of rolls and fresh ingredients to choose from. That's a great value, in my opinion.
5 New management, with better quality of foods! Even isn't AYCE, a la carte menu is valuable and it's delicious! Just missed Happy hour of beer and sake, on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday only, so we will try again!
3 I've been back a couple of times since the new ownership, and things are getting better, so I'm giving them one more star.  The service has improved, and they have brought back some of the old chefs.   Worth a visit.   But sure wish the new owner wouldn't hover around the sushi bar, looking like he wants to make sure the chefs don't serve too much fish.
5 The first time I came here I was not impressed it smelled funky and decor looked old and boring, and servers  were eh, one of my friends had tried this place again recently and told me it was amazing! Because it was under new management, and I was hesitant but I trust her so we came here for lunch and it was amazing!!!! The salmon that I had  tried before was disgusting and now it was delicious! Whatever they are doing now they are doing it right! Keep it the way it is and I'll be a permanent customer
1 One star for having roaches and poor service.   First time trying out this location with my boyfriend. (He's tried the one on Maryland and loved it; we go to Goyemon -my favorite, on Decatur all the time).  Sat around for ten minutes at the bar before we ordered some rolls (AYCE of course). The rolls took a while to be made (very slow in comparison to all other AYCE sushi restaurants) especially considering how many customers were dining. It was just us, another couple, and one other lady. Luckily I eat pretty slow so I wasn't kept waiting too long between rolls. My boyfriend, however, really had to slow down his pace and did have to wait for new rolls. Btw, there were four sushi chefs working behind the bar. You definitely need to order as much as you can when you figure out what you want or else you will be waiting a while for your food to come.   The server didn't come and take the drink order until after our food already came. Again, keep in mind that they made the rolls relatively slow (and we only made two nigiri and two half roll orders). So we were already eating by the time she brought our two waters.   Skip to the end of the meal...after we order dessert we notice a baby roach crawling on the menu right in front of us on the bar. We didn't make a big deal (as gross as it was); my boyfriend just squished its guts out with his napkin. But to make matters worse, when we were brought our bill, they charged us for dinner instead of lunch. We brought it to their attention that we were already seated by 3:50 (dinner doesn't start until 4:00 and we weren't going to pay an extra $10 when we didn't even order any dinner specials -namely the green tea creme brûlée  which I love). The server then came back and informed us that their computer said that we came in at 4:10 and that's when I called bull. I specifically remembered looking at the clock when we got our waters and it was 4:07. Again, we waited forever for our drinks, and if we got the drinks at 4:07 then how the hell did we walk in and get seated at 4:10? They finally decided to CORRECT the bill from dinner to lunch, but our whole experience was already ruined at that point. Will definitely not be making a return to this restaurant.
1 What a shame? New ownership. Used to come once a week. Was very friendly relaxed atmosphere. Maybe it's changed in the last 4-5 months, but after the changeover it became very uncomfortable. Large slices of fish became thin. Included items became additional charges. I have a son, 2 years old. As a regular, I think you let people get away with things (I say this as a restaurant owner who let's my regular customers have things all the time). I have to admit, I was annoyed when they charged my son who eats two pieces of a roll and plays with a third piece. I'm not cheap and I don't mind paying for him, but we were good for at least once a week. . . Let it slide.   Then flavors from the kitchen changed too. Take it or leave it. I bought my restaurant as an existing business as well. Your customers liked what they received. You may think you're improving something, but in reality you are changing something that people like. It was good before. Now we're regulars at sushi koma. Very happy, but miss the old crew.
4 Our go-to-place in Vegas when we want comfort food. Food and service is great.  The place is open late for that late night fix.
4 awesome all you can eat sushi spot, staff very friendly and fun, only thing I didn't like was the space, kinda small, but the food makes up for it, which is really why youre here
3 Not a fan of all you can eat places, particularly when seafood is involved. Often it is an indicator the a la carte is going to be sub par. That being said, seems many of the LV sushi places are all you can eat. Sushi Mon is close by so have tried 2x. It did the trick for a few mediocre rolls of average construction.  Tried the softshell crab tempura which had a funky been sitting in the freezer too long taste.  The service is average as well. Am unsure why this place has gotten such rave reviews. Agree with some other yelpers this place is over-hyped
3 Orgasm salad not good and way too expensive. All you can eat good. Sushi good especially frying Jason, lasagna and California.
3 This Sushi-Mon is in my hood and recently was purchased by the Mon group, should be AWESOME right since Goyemon is the businesssssss. A decrease in the hour wait time, some delicious grilled pork belly, and various other delicious appetizers.  To echo Jen S. this is a goyemon-lite. They have some of the same appetizers, some of the same specials, and some of the same desserts. They also probably have the same quality fish assuming its the same supplier, but its definitely not the same here. The fish cuts are weird, the assembly of the sushi is different, and the rice is cool. When I say cool I don't mean cool like the button you're gonna hit after reading my review, but cool temperature. Perhaps they don't have the same rice warmer as Goyemon, but to eat cold uni and cold rice, blehhhhh.  Better than some AYCE places, but I will be continue my travels to Goyemon land.
5 By far, my favorite sushi restaurant here in Las Vegas!  How they manage to serve quality tasting fish in the middle of the desert is beyond me!  I normally tackle the all-you-can-eat menu, which allows me to try everything in small portions (great when trying new items, or just enough before you call it quits!). The nigiri is great, as well as their house specialty rolls, which I suggest ordering later so you don't cork up your appetite so soon. Don't forget to save room for dessert(s) which is also included in AYCE- the tempura ice cream and lychee sorbet are my favorites!  For smaller appetites, the "screaming orgasm," curry and udon are delicious "regular menu" options.  The staff is always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is casual and fun. Being such a popular restaurant, you and your party may not be seated right away, but it's definitely worth the wait!
4 Sushi Mon has two locations in Vegas. This one here in Sahara, and another in Maryland Pkwy (South Vegas). The South Vegas location is the original. Both locations are one of the best AYCE Sushi joints in Vegas. Lunch AYCE is $21.95 and dinner is $26.95. You don't have to get AYCE and can just order like a normal restaurant. But I think the prices for the All you can eat is quite a good deal if you know what to order. The quality of fish is fresh and I never had a Nigiri or roll I didn't like.  Here's the Nigiri you can order in AYCE (not including the special rolls and appetizers you can also get. Each order is 2 pieces of Nigiri.) My favorites being: 1. Salmon ( A very fresh and clean tasting fish. I highly recommend this to first time sushi eaters as it doesn't have any fishy smell and is very smooth. My all time favorite.) 2. Yellowtail ( Classified as a "Luxury fish" Has a rich oily texture. The flesh is light red, A good piece of Yellowtail has very rich flavors. I used to go deep sea fishing for this with my late father. )  3. Halibut ( White meat of the sea, Hirame has a very light taste and is delicate. The meat has a soft and chewy texture and lots of flavor. Another fish I used to go deep sea fishing for. Quite an ugly fish if you ever catch one yourself. But one of my favorites by far. 4. Unagi (Grilled Fresh water Eel. Has a rich flavor and should be both crisp and tender. I recommend this fish at the end of the meal as the flavor is strong and may overwhelm your taste buds. You want to start off with the lighter tasting fish to fully enjoy the taste of Sushi.)  Tuna (Maguro)   $3.85 Garlic Tuna   $4.20 Seared Tuna   $4.20 Super White Tuna   $4.50 Yellowtail (Hamachi)   $3.90 Salmon (Sake)   $3.85 Seared Salmon   $4.20 Albacore (Bincho)   $4.20 Cajun Albacore   $4.50 Halibut (Hirame)   $4.00 Red Snapper (Tai)   $3.80 Mackerel (Saba)   $3.80 Fresh Scallop (hotate)   $4.75 Yum Yum Scallop   $3.50 Shrimp (Ebi)   $4.00 Squid (Ika)   $3.75 Octopus (Tako)   $3.80 Surf Clam (Hokki)   $3.80 Crab Stick   $3.50 Crab Meat   $3.50 Snow Crab Meat   $4.95 Fresh Water Eel (Unagi)   $4.50 Smelt Egg (Masago)   $3.50 Salmon Roe (Ikura)   $4.20 Sweet Egg (Tamago)   $3.00 Sweet Shrimp (Amaebi)   $5.50 Sea Urchin (Uni)   $7.00
5 The sushi cooks are super friendly and the food is great! Kiran, crispy rice roll, frying Jason and teriyaki chicken are amazing!
2 Okay so went there for lunch today for the first time. I've been to the Maryland location and they were great and nice. Sushi chef was nice at saraha location.  Their tuna was kind of weird texture but other then that food was good.  I liked their masago roll, moon rool, and garlic edemame. The reason I give them 2 stars is because the manager charged me for literary not eating a HALF OF A SPOON of RICE I almost wanted to laugh it wasn't even a whole one peice of sushi. He wasn't nice at all about it.  I probably wont be going back to that location just because of him.
2 Since last been there 3 years ago, the management has changed and the food was no longer as good. The establishment had been expanded and added a sushi island and the all your can eat price is cut in half. However, if the food quality and selection went down by half, I don't know why I would take that extra time to go away from the Strip just to visit this place.  This had been my all time favorite in the past and this time, it let me down big time. I will no longer be visiting this restaurant. I miss the meal I had in 2011.
5 Excellent sushi and the all you can eat package is truly a bargain. I highly recommend this awesome restaurant. The staff is friendly and service is quick. The sushi is amazing.
1 It took me a while thinking about write this review. I'm crazy with sushi-mon. My husband always call me a sushi monster !!  I usually go to sushi mon around 2-3 times a month for at least 2 years. When I heard they changed the owner I wasn't care but somehow the feeling of enjoyment has changed too! The food is 4 stars for me.  The new upgraded design was nice but the service is getting worst every time I go there.   I've always enjoying the service and conversation with couple Thai ladies and Yuki ( I think that was her name ) They are seem very polite, give us attentions and make the place feel welcome, But lately I haven't seen them much ( maybe my schedule have changed ) I went there on Thursday night (3/13/14) it was 3 groups of people only and I still received a shitty service from them!   The waitress were so MEAN!! For some reason which is I do not understand at all. We are a customer who going to give you tips and pay for what we eat!  We are not begging you for a free food!!! There were No smile No Hello No goodbye  No thank you!!! Just a simple unhappy face like this :(  When I ordered she do not give me and signal that she got it just walk away. When she brought the food she just drop it next to me not even in front of me then walk away.  We have to waved to get their attention. It was horrible.   We are hoping that the service somehow get better. Maybe I'll go back maybe I won't.
1 Ate here tonight and there was a roach crawling on the sushi bar next to my friends plate. We told the waitress and she just looked at the counter and walked away. I am super grossed out and I won't be back. ever.
2 Been frequenting this place for the last 3 months.(3-4 times a month).. Lunch or dinner.  It was very satisfying until 4/9/2014.  My wife and I were there for lunch.  The rolls for that day was stuffed with so much rice that the rolls were bigger.    We ordered half lemon roll and pixie roll.  We couldn't taste anything but rice.  My wife just set aside some of the rice but the waiter said we will charged you if we don't eat the rice...  I informed Yuki about the rolls, she nodded and all she can say is the management is strict about not eating the rice.    The appetizers were still great but we got scared of ordering the rolls & nigiris.    Bottom line is we were not satisfied.
4 Update: had a pretty awesome AYCE meal here last weekend. Sat in front of the friendly Kazu-san and had a good time. Incredibly tender unagi. Nice salmon belly and yellowtail belly. Very buttery toro. Sushi rice in the nigiri was on the warm side, and loosely packed - and I appreciated that. All of the nigiri was prepared like this. Kazu-san's got skills!  I was also served a perfectly broiled Yellowtail Collar - medium rare. Delicious. The scallop sushi was very firm and fresh - the closest to live I've had in nigiri form. (Sushi Koma's scallop sushi is rather slimy+fishy in comparison.)  My new hand roll rule: Only order hand rolls one-at-a-time at the sushi bar *only* (to maintain a crispy nori cone). Makes all the difference. Your hand roll nori will become a soggy latex funnel if you let it sit for more than 20 seconds. Gobble it up as soon as it is made!  I am again a big fan of the 'new' Sushi Mon. Great service, little or no wait time, and a convenient location for West-siders. I *do* enjoy the kitchen food at Sushi Koma a little more (e.g. their Tostada, their gyoza) but as far as straight-up sushi goes, Sushi Mon is fantastic.
5 Fantastic!  Way away from the strip on Sahara. Seems mostly attended by locals. Very small, can get hard to get in sometimes. Fantastic selection of sushi to choose from, all are very fresh and well prepared. GREAT staff. very friendly
3 Sushi mon was A-OK. We were pressed for time so we just wanted something quick, easy and that would fill us up.   We tried 3 different rolls:   Spider roll - (5pcs) Deep fried soft shell crab, crab meat, cucumber and avocado wrapped in soy paper with eel sauce $9.95- The soy paper was green so it looked interesting. The fried crab flavor was faint and almost tasted like shrimp tempura. I wouldn't say it's the best roll I've ever ate, it was basic and not memorable.  Volcano roll - (8pcs) California roll with yum yum sauce & scallop  $8.95 - it was smothered in yum yum mayo/eel sauce. I'm not complaining since I love that decadent stuff.   Caterpillar roll - (8pcs) Eel and cucumber wrapped with sliced avocado & eel sauce $9.95 - one of the classics! It was good, the eel was fatty and I enjoyed it. But $10 is pretty pricy in my opinion.   I think that they are overpriced for their presentation and what was offered to us. But businesses have to make their money somehow!
1 This is about the 8th or 9th time I have eaten hear over the last 3 years and I've seen this place fall quite a bit in quality and service. We ordered the all you can eat. We both ordered rolls we had before and were surprised at both how bland they tasted but also on how a couple of them have changed. Their 9-1-1 roll, a past favorite, tasted like nothing but crappy habanero hot sauce. The staff was good and friendly until we were ready to leave. We wondered why they had not come by with the check and when we asked, they told us we had a single piece of sushi left out of the 6 rolls we ate and we were told unless we ate the last bite, they would charge us.  I've seen this policy before on many places but have never seen it implemented in such an unfriendly way. Suffice to say, we will no longer be eating here. 2 of the 6 rolls were good and the rest were meh to bad.
5 The dynamic trio of Tony,Soto and Ben are the best Sushi chefs in Las Vegas!!! Sushi Mon rocks for all your SusHi desires!!! I loved the excellent service and attention to both Detail and special roll requests.. I love this place period!!! The sushi is always fresh and top notch!! Those 3 chefs keep me coming back for their awesome creations!!! Get the all you can eat cause its   Fantastic and made fresh right in front of you
3 Went there for Mother's day,  party of 3 around 9pm. First time customers, we all did the AYCE. Sushi and side dishes came out pretty quick.  Side dishes were great,  sushi was good but I've had better. My son didn't care for the uni,  as it is one of his favorites. Just the quality and lack of taste wasn't up to par for him. He ordered one of the rolls with crunchies but it tasted stale. It was an even toss up of good and not so good rolls. No sashimi (but most ayce don't have), No raw oysters (again usually you don't see that for ayce). That's okay I have my favorite spot where I get both in the ayce.  I live sweets and the bonus is that you are not limited to one dessert only.  So I really enjoyed the lychee sorbet,  mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream. The service was good, around enough to take orders and clear plates.  They just never offer refills,  even when our cup is empty we had to ask for the refills.  I would go back,  but not a big deal if I don't make it.
4 Just starting coming here with my parents because we love Tony!!! He is amazing always hooks us up with delicious fish and awesome sauces. I love the spicy ponzu sauce he makes. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because its sooo small.
3 Went there for Mother's day,  party of 3 around 9pm. First time customers, we all did the AYCE. Sushi and side dishes came out pretty quick.  Side dishes were great,  sushi was good but I've had better. My son didn't care for the uni,  as it is one of his favorites. Just the quality and lack of taste wasn't up to par for him. He ordered one of the rolls with crunchies but it tasted stale. My husband who likes spicy sms hot couldn't handle the 911 roll. The spicy tuna was great but it was an even toss up of good and not so good rolls. No sashimi (but most ayce don't have), No raw oysters (again usually you don't see that for ayce). That's okay I have my favorite spot where I get both in the ayce.  I love sweets and the bonus is that you are not limited to one dessert only.  So I really enjoyed the lychee sorbet,  mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream. The service was good, around enough to take orders and clear plates.  They just never offer refills,  even when our cup is empty we had to ask for the refills.  I would go back,  but not a big deal if I don't make it.
5 Sushi Mon is the sister restaurant to Goyemon, which is one of my favorites, so Sushi Mon is definitely a 5-star in my books as well!  Sushi Mon is on the West side of town, and my family and I love this place. We used to go about once a month to this location when we weren't going to Goyemon across town. We would go for either lunch ($21.95/person) or dinner ($26.95/dinner). Since the menus are essentially the same between the two, I want to call out a lot of the same reasons why we love Sushi Mon.   Firstly, there are some advantages to going for dinner - 1) they serve salmon belly nigiri, which is way better than getting regular salmon nigiri and 2) you can get 1 order of uni (sea urchin) and 1 order of amaebi (sweet shrimp). Other than these two things, you can pretty much order everything else, including the AYCE dessert, during lunch. The major differences between Sushi Mon and Goyemon is that Goyemon has grilled fish items for dinner, as well as ramen after 11pm, so if you want those items, check out Goyemon instead.  Anyway, our typical order when we go for dinner at Sushi Mon includes the following items:  1) nigiri - salmon belly, hamachi (yellowtail), saba (mackerel), super white tuna, uni (sea urchin), amaebi (sweet shrimp), snow crab meat, unagi (fresh water eel), and ikura (salmon roe) 2) rolls - Sexy Girl, Hurricane, Sushi Mon Style Lasagna 3) side dishes - steamed gyoza, yakitori, shrimp and vegetable tempura, sashimi salad, miso soup, baked green mussels, udon 4) dessert - lychee sorbet, green ice cream, strawberry mochi, green tea creme brûlée  Just like Goyemon - this is one of the easiest 5-star ratings I can give on Yelp. The only complaint I have about Sushi Mon is that the wait can be long as well, although we've noticed that the wait isn't as long as Goyemon. The restaurant is not all that big, and if you have a group bigger than 4, it can take about an hour to get seated.   If you ever go to Las Vegas (and you are still reading this review), promise me you'll go to Sushi Mon or its sister restaurant, Goyemon. Ok? Cool, thanks!
4 Went there for a lunch special with my daughter and I very good service  the sushi was good. Can't complain. My daughter is the sushi person and she said it was good so I'll take her word for it.
1 My family of 4 live nearby and have tried this place about 4 times. Although the food is good (thanks to the sushi chefs) and reasonable, the service or lack thereof is poor to say it politely. They are simply unfriendly and border on rude at times and they act like they do not care whatsoever whether you come back or not. They do not show any appreciation for our patronage either, which is irritating to say the least when you spend your hard earned money. So much so it makes the whole experience unenjoyable.  It's too bad because we enjoy the food and love sushi and since we live nearby, we want one of those places that we can go to often and you know them and they know and its always a pleasant meal and experience. However, after eating here 4 times and hoping the service will be better each time, it just isn't and we walk out saying well at least the food was good. We really want this to be our place but I guess we'll have to give our hard earned money to another establishment that appreciates it. Very disappointing. If I could give 0 stars I would. Again, this review is not a reflection on the sushi chefs at all, the food is good, its the service and management that has driven us not to return.
4 Great sushi place off the strip!! Lots of vegan options! My fav rolls are the natto roll n the supreme veggie roll! N it's open late!!
1 I literally take back my review! a bunch of liars they give u  a stamp card In which you use my experatiob was for 2015 finally on my 10th visit I should have the next free the waiter brings me back the card and she has changed the experation and crossed the 15 out and out 6-16-2014 as I was putting it away I noticed it and asked her, all I here a mumbling tells me the manager had changed the old one for me, and it should be expired so why are u stamping it and why does the experation say 2015!!!!!! why have u stamped it the last 5 times I've been there to! there was absolutely no writing on the area she wrote on in the same writing and pen for my 10th visit, the sushi Is not phenomenal here but it's ok for being by my house, I'm not going to argue with a insolent fool when I know exactly what u just did! never coming here again, my friends and I used to come here more then before now never again, i have never been the type of person to argue about anything and would never go to that decre with her, it's to petty for me but there is a right and a wrong! if I'm going to pay basically 30 dollars for sushi, I'll go to sushi Kaya and take the drive up there, awesome food, great workers etc  screw this place
4 We used to eat here years ago when Sushi Mon was one of the only AYCE sushi joints in town.  It was so good...but after a few ownership changes, it went downhill.    We heard that the food improved so we are there a couple months ago.  We've been back 3-4 times since then and it's proven to be consistently good.  We had a great sushi chef today, Ben, who explained that the new owners of Sushi Mon also own Goyemon, Monta Ramen, and the high end sushi spot, Kabuto.  This explains the high quality of fish.  The only negative is the way the server greets you when you're seated.   She rudely asks whether you know how AYCE works.  Even when you answer yes, she still tells you not to waste food and order 1/2 orders.  That's not a very friendly welcome.  My oldest son LOVES yellowtail and they have excellent yellowtail, as well as salmon belly, chu-toro, super white, uni, and on and on.    My second son loves rolls and all of their rolls are delicious.    They have my favorite Japanese beer, Asahi, on tap.  Awesome.    Our new favorite AYCE sushi joint.
1 This was my favorite AYCE sushi spot at one time. That was before the new owner started changing everything in here. The changes that really hurt this place is the staff and the menu.  There have been more changes since I was last there. Now there is a new sushi counter. I liked the previous counter better than the new one. The motor for the refrigeration unit seems to give off a lot of heat towards the end of the counter. Not to mention the counter was filthy where I sat down. Not only was the counter top filthy, but there was a bug in my daughters volcano roll. I handed the dish back to the guy behind the sushi bar and he set the plate down on the counter where they were preparing sushi.  I would also like to know why there are no Asian people working there anymore? This is an Asian restaurant, is it not? The other owner had Japanese sushi chefs. Now the new owner just hires anyone to roll up fish and rice. I'm not saying you have to be Japanese to make sushi, but come on man. Where is the authentic vibe that used to be here? It's just like a fast food place now. All they need is a drive through window.  Well, I can say after seven years of frequenting this establishment, I won't be back. I'm not feeling the new Sushi Mon. It use to be my favorite place. What a shame.
5 Sushi Mon's Chef Soto is one of Las Vegas' best-kept secrets. Go right before lunch ends, around 3PM, sit at the bar, and make a new friend.  I  have him do an omakase-style meal of nigiri and the daily specials (which are all reliably great!), and eat until I can't anymore. Soto is good at pacing so you can enjoy quite a few pieces of fish before unbuttoning your pants or admitting defeat, and is quite charming to make conversation with as you munch.  Stellar stand-outs: fresh scallop, garlic tuna, cajun albacore, tuna hand roll, ika with mint (totally crazy!), and the sea bass. Sides of mussels, miso, orgasm salad and/or sashimi salad are also good add-ons.   I'm not too big on rolls here unless I'm ordering to-go, but the Lemon roll, Crispy Spicy Roll, and Moon roll are all good picks- they have quite an extensive menu organized by specials, fried rolls, and tempura rolls and most have pictures to accompany them.  For dessert, I tend to stick to the classic green tea ice cream which is never gritty or chalky, while my BF swears by their tempura ice cream (today's special flavor was chocolate-fudge), but they also have a green tea creme brulee on the dinner menu that I've been meaning to try.  All the staff here are incredibly friendly and genuine, but Chef Soto is my favorite. Even if he's not working, all the guys are willing to feed you the best quality and best tasting fish in town, served with a smile and a joke or two.
