4 What during the rest of the year is Potterrow becomes the Pleasance Dome during the Fringe. For some reason they have re-named it Pleasance, despite there already being another venue with the same name, but if we look past this ridiculous decision it is pretty good. Upon entering the Dome you are in a big covered square, with rooms jutting off here and there, and some cafés inside. There is the Potterrow shop selling snacks, and the Mosque Kitchen open up a stall there, but to be honest it is almost twice the price and only about 5 minutes around the corner from the original.  The main point of the Pleasance Dome is as a comedy venue, and it is great for this. With so many rooms they have multiple shows on, and get top name comedy acts. The shows are reasonably priced as well, normally costing about a tenner each.   There are drinks available from the bar downstairs, and even if you are not watching a show then it's a good place to have a chilled out drink
4 I've no idea who designed this building, but it's must be up there with some of the most ill-conceived designs in history. The huge dome roof helps to maintain greenhouse temperatures in summer and igloo temperatures in winter. Lucky, then, that it turns into one of the best festival venues during August.  The Dome (Potterrow, for the rest of the year) plays host to a huge variety of shows - there's comedy, drama, music and dance. They get many of the top names - the shows are put on by the London based Pleasance theatre, and there's no shortage of quality.   There's also bars, a festival version of the mosque kitchen (which you really shouldn't go to - as Alex C. says, the most is literally a minutes walk away and much cheaper) and lots of seating space. It's also open till 5am, and it's always nice walking home during daylight. 4* for the venue, 1* for the roof.
3 What a strange thing to see Potterow looking decent! It's so clean and doesn't smell of snake bite (cider + beer + black currant syrup for all y'all who don't know). There are little to no students wandering around and consequently feels way more peaceful and less annoying than it does during the year (I know, I seem to really dislike my kind).   The EUSA shop and everything else seem to have disappeared behind a huge banner. It's the home of many different venue spaces numbered Dome 1, 2, etc (very original, I know). It's also quite confusingly named as the Pleasance Dome even though it's in Potterow, but maybe other people are just more informed than I am about the whereabouts of venues and the changing of names.
4 As an Edinburgh University student, Potterow, as it is known during the larger part of the year is probably my least favourite union building. For one, it lacks any architectural attributes (in my opinion) and is usually the coldest during the long winter months.  Funny enough, I can still picture it as the perfect festival venue. That ridiculous dome can finally be put to good use! It's fantastic location-wise, because the other venues are very close by (Teviot, George Square Theatre) forming part of what I like to call the performance hub!   I have to bow to the organizers and say it's really been transformed into an attractive venue.
