5 By far, the most Amazing Fusion Korean food!! Clean and modern environment restaurant. I went there for the first time since they opened, I received an excellent service, and the food was AMAZING!! My friends and I tried pork belly, fried chicken, and tofu jun. I think this is by far the most tasteful korean restaurant I've ever been!!! Highly recommend to try everything, they've got variety of food you can choose!!!  Q studio was one of my fav places o hang out, now they've got a bistro next to it, it is my fav place to eat and hang!! :)
5 Wow! The chicken is just delicious, but there is PIZZA as well. Pizza and wings. What more could I ask for.  I had the sweet potato pizza, which is so yummy that I cringed when my girlfriend took a slice (she is now hooked). I had the soy garlic wings which cannot be described in words.  I called in my order and 15 minutes later, it was ready and waiting when I arrived.  Great food and fast service. Cannot ask for more than that.  I am now a loyal customer
5 Best fried chicken in Vegas. Also try it with spicy-sweet sauce. It is good spot to grab a drink late night with friends. I tried the spicy rice cake, sweet potato pizza, grilled large intestine. It was all soooo good. I recomend this place to all of my friends.
5 Top notch Korean fried chicken.  The outside was crispy and light, the chicken moist, and the traditional Korean sauce was spicy and sweet.  There's multiple sauces to choose from so I'm looking forward to trying the others.  Also good value.  For $10 was given around 8 pieces.  Also came with the traditional side dishes - I wasn't expecting that as I thought that was just for Korean BBQ. They were excellent.  2 picked vegetables and a sweet potato salad (or regular potato salad with some sweet sauce).   I will definitely try the other main courses.  Saw a hamburger steak and a katsu dish that looked good.   Friendly employees and nice decor.
5 Holy smokes, how does this place only have 3 reviews?  The gf and I just had dinner at this place and I couldn't wait to write a review.  We ordered the soy garlic wings and the regular korean fried chicken with "supreme" sauce.  The.  Best.  Fried.  Chicken.  I.  Have.  Ever.  Had.  Roscoes?  Honey's Kettle?  (Both in LA)  Not even close.  I really hope this place continues to survive because I will eat here every time I visit Vegas.
5 Yum! Had their Sweet Potato Pizza and Bulgogi Pizza as well as their popcorn chicken with spicy sauce. Their pizzas are dang freaking good- far beyond what I expected at a Karaoke place... makes me want to go back just for the pizza! Popcorn chicken was awesome too- chicken was big- not mostly batter and sauce was awesome. Seriously awesome. Nice job guys!
5 I'm seriously upset with myself for waiting this long to go get me some fried chicken :) KFC in my mind stands for Korean fried chicken and I have been looking for a place to match Bon Chon in New York and this place is as close as it's gonna get!  The chicken is extremely crispy on the outside and so moist on the inside it makes the white meat tastes like dark meat!  I love all the sauces they offer but the soy garlic is my favorite.  The family size is a huge portion and can easily feed 4-6 depending on ones appetite.  The dishes come with some ban chan (side dishes) and the cabbage salad with thousand island is a nice pairing to the spicy flavors in some of the dishes and chicken flavors.  We tried the bulgogi fried rice and that was tasty as well.  We also ordered the stir fried gizzards and I would have to recommend not getting it....not enough flavor and overly chewy.  But I'll overlook anything for good fried chicken or in this case SUPERB fried chicken.  Just two words bomb diggity! Similar concept to Soyo but with a cheaper price point.  The chicken beats the chicken wings at soyo and beats the fried chicken at Bazic.  Definitely give this place a try if you are a fried chicken connoisseur and perhaps you can head next door for a little karaoke action afterwards.
5 WINNER WINNER FRIED CHICKEN DINNER! One of the best fried chicken places in town. The skin on the chicken stayed crispy (like pharrell's hat @ the Grammy's) throughout the whole time. My friends and I tired the Supreme and Soy Garlic sauces, and BOY OH BOY the flavor packs a punch. The Supreme was a little more on the spicy side, however; our side of white rice balanced out the spice. Soy Garlic had a nice salty flavor as well. The biggest thing I noticed was the water they served us. IT WAS BOTTLED ARROWHEAD WATER! Definitely worth every gallon of gas used to drive here!
5 This place was great. The wings were the best I had and the pizza had the most stretchy cheese. :) Always best eaten hot and never warm. ^^ I also liked the rice dishes. You won't be disappointed.   The environment is more of an urban and youth theme. I really enjoy listening to the pop and kpop while enjoying my meal. The art was also nice too. A great place with friends and maybe dates ;)
5 Really nice & quiet place. Romantic setting! Great service, guys were friendy & awesome food! My hubby, friends & I did family style.   We had the korean bbq ribs, tofu jun, bulgolgi pizza, bulgolgi fried rice, rice balls, potstickers & Sake! My friends loved the Sake!   Great place :) Would definitely recommend it! Good korean bbq beef ribs. xoxo
2 We went here with very high expectations based on the reviews. Not sure where the comparisons to Bonchon came from but they're nowhere close. I'll take Bazic anytime for this place. The coating on the chicken wings are too thick, and the meat has no flavor at all. The sauces can't do anything to save it.
5 Loved it!!  If you're lookin for traditional, do not come here. But if you wanna try something new (and guaranteed to be yummy), this is a must try!  BEST korean fried chicken in town, yummy pork belly slices, large portions, affordable prices, chic decor but laid back atmosphere, friendly/helpful staff. Take a date or a group of friends-- either way you'll have a good time.
5 Love here! Staffs are all very nice and fried chicken was sooo good. I tried supreme flavor and soy flavor fried chicken, and both of them were so tasty. I also found the Cass bear which is from Korea, it was smooth and nice. My Chinese boyfriend absolutely loves this place and so do I.
5 Best fried chicken in vegas
5 Awesome place. Good songs! Nice and clean rooms! And very nice staff! I always come here. It's better than all the other karaoke places in town. They update their list monthly. I'm about to bust out in some Disney songs. :3
5 I've been coming here for a year, but this is my actual first time singing karaoke here & this place is my absolute favorite place to do sake bombs! If you don't already know; buy two buckets of beer & you get one free! It's always so fun here. & the staff is always nice.  ~ Two thumbs up & four stars ~ For always having an amazing time here.
5 Amazing food! Good music! Friendly staff!! Have a cold beer with fried chicken supreme style and a bottle of sou with raspberry liqueur.. finally a place to hang in Las Vegas with karaoke bar right next door!! Right now!!
5 WoW ! .. Wasn't expecting it to be as good as what people are saying about this place, but it's all true .. The food is great .. The service is awesome .. The price is less than what I expected. Our Server Dennis even took requests for our background music preference, make sure to ask for this guy .. All in all, this is our new go to spot when it comes to KBBQ and K Chicken Wings !
4 My cousins wanted to go somewhere I haven't taken them before, since I wanted to try this place, we decided to check it out. When we first walked in, it was a chill atmosphere, since I haven't been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  My cousin and brother ordered beer and hot sake since it was buy one get one for 50% during their happy hour from 4pm-9pm. We ended up ordering their chicken wings (supreme & soy garlic), kimchi fried rice, and bulgogi. They were good, but not the best.   When you check in for the first time, you get a free shaved ice per table, which is really good. And when you write a review, you'll get a free cold sake.
3 Im a little disappointed for my first time. The ambiance is pretty nice and cozy. The music  was good and the staff is very friendly. Plus we got a free shaved ice for checking in. I think everyone hyped up the food too much. We ordered the hamburger steak, bulgogi pizza and spicy bulgogi. The hamburger steak tasted like meat loaf. And they kind of over did the pizza. The calamari was pretty good though nice and crispy, it wasn't chewy at all.  Maybe next time we will try something different and get more alcohol.
4 Being associated to Karaoke Q Studio, I actually expected dining inside one of those karaoke rooms with some random crowd singing to really cheesy songs.  I was mistaken, however, as the restaurant is located in a separate space right next door.  I guess this bistro has been open for over a year now but only heard about it recently.  Ambiance was nice except for the blasting EDM that almost gave me a headache... at least all alcohol was BUY ONE GET ONE FREE (only during World Cup) which greatly helped soon as the booze started flowing.  The menu includes both typical and nontraditional Korean dishes.  Dukbokke (soft rice cake, fish cake, and sweet red chili sauce) was really tasty with portion big enough for two to three people.  Korean fried chicken (KFC of South East Asia) was also delicious.  Crust stayed crispy even when it was drenched in sweet and spicy sauce.  It almost reminded me of my first time having it at Bonchon during a trip in the Philippines; however, it's just like comparing apples to pears.  The ones from this restaurant have thicker coating and were glazed with too much sauce.  Nonetheless, the dish itself is great and worth coming back for.  One dope thing they do is their Yelp check-in special: free small patbingsoo.  Not sure if it's only for the first visit or every time you do it.  Considering the dessert was complimentary, we thought it was just going to be shaved ice topped with strawberries and condensed milk.  Surprisingly, it was topped with cereal, sweet red beans, assorted fresh fruits (kiwi, cantaloupe, strawberry, honeydew, banana, mango), vanilla ice cream and drizzled with condensed milk.  Overall, Q Bistro is definitely a great joint for late night dining especially since they're open till three in the morning.
5 Great place for groups especially for happy hour. Plenty of songs to choose from and multiple languages.
5 The bulgogi pizza was tasty and the service was awesome! I would definitely come back.
5 Very good food. My only regret is that I ordered too much and couldn't manage to eat it all.
5 First off, this restaurant has a very unique and romantic set up unlike any other and is extremely clean! The food was different yet tasty, especially the seafood pasta. Last but not least, the service is awesome! Get Damon to serve you, he always keeps a smile on his face and is just an overall awesome server (:
5 This is my second time coming to Q Bistro and Damon took great care of us. He was constantly checking up on us and it made the visit a lot better. We ordered my favorite the spicy rice cakes, kimbap, the chicken wings and a bunch of other entries that were super delicious. Not only was the service and food great but the atmosphere of the restaurant nice as well. Last but not least the  restrooms are beautiful!!! When the restrooms are clean and pretty you know the place's a keeper.
