1 Time on YELP says 12pm-12am. Negative. Another site says 4pm-6am. Another negative. They have a number that's linked to a cell phone, but NO ONE picks up. DO NOT PURCHASE YELP DEAL. Came back twice at different hours and still no avail. It says LV Miami NY- AMPM nail please stay away from LA. We LA folks have busy lives and have no time for games. There shouldn't even be one star here!
4 After dinner, I decided to find out whether nail salons in LV open late, and silly me, of course they do!  Several that I called were either booked (some will say they open late but it's really by appointment) or were really expensive (umm, I won't pay $55; I'll just wait).  I went down the list by location, and that's how I found AMPM Nail Salon.  I got a mani/pedi for $35.  It looks like there is a $5 extra charge for services done after 9:00 p.m., but ask to make sure if you are going late hours.  They have three pedi massage chairs and two tables for nails.    The owner took over a couple of months ago, so he has new nail polish in current colors.  All the bottles were full; OPI, Essie, Orly, and China Glaze were line up on 4 racks.  They also have a variety of gel colors.  If you've ever had communication issues at other salons, this will not be the case here.  He speaks perfect English.  Bella was the one who took care of me, and she had good conversational English.  The only other thing you should know is that it is in a strip (no pun intended) mall where you can find an escort service, "dancers" gears and flanked by two gentlemen's club... just in case this might bother you or ... if you are bringing small children to the area.  Although we left after 10:00 p.m., we felt safe.  There is security around, and there are several other businesses that are open.   If you've gone to this location before and didn't like it, give this management a chance.  If you are in the area, give it a try.  It's close enough to the strip.  We're staying at the Trump, and it's like 3 blocks away!  In fact, if you are staying on the strip, the owner offers free pickup and drop off!  I would definitely return.
5 Amazing service ... Quality to the tee!!! I will never go anywhere else live the house and and I'm always treated like family verses just a client !!
5 Great and open late! Sat with the new owner who seems to have great plans for the salon! At first I questioned the location but once I was inside I completely forgot where I was and felt right at home! I live locally in Las Vegas and would easily recommend this salon to anyone who just can't find enough hours in the day! Super friendly and received countless compliments on my nails!
4 Don't judge a book by its cover... I really like this place! It's under new management and the new owners are great. They were very nice and ultra attentive. The best thing about this place is of course the obvious.... It's open really late. Lol. Other then that there are a few reasons I plan to drive past the 10 other nail salons I see on my way to this one. 1. The new owners are nice and I like to support small business if I can. 2. She does a great job & takes directions well, what I wanted she did. 3. The atmosphere is comfy like we were old friends.
5 AmPm is my go to nail salon. I can show up after I get off work at 8pm and be taken care of without stressing about trying to go during the day.  Bella picks the colors and designs for me everytime and its always perfect!
4 I was nearby & needed a quick fill/pedi. Found this hidden gem. Great hours, open until midnight which is awesome. Nice staff, I believe I was chatting with the owner. I was very pleased with my services & would definitely come back again. Very polite & attentive as well, cold beverages offered as soon as your seated.
5 Just got my nails done and I love it. Love the hours..I normally wait on the weekends to do my nails because of my work schedule. I dont have to wait anymore. Convenient hours.
4 Went here with my boyfriend he got a pedicure and I got a fill with gel. They both turned out great. My boyfriends calluses were horrible and he left with baby feet they went the extra mile to make sure his feet were smooth.  Bella did a great job with my french tips very clean looking.   It's nice to have somewhere open past 7.   Be sure to call and make an appointment though to make sure you don't have to wait.
5 Amazing service! My girlfriends and I needed last minute mani pedis while staying at the encore. They picked us up and drive us to the salon. Accommodated the three of us with less than 20 minutes notice and even provided us with beverages! Highly recommended!
