5 I bought the groupon voucher for window tinting and got it done two days ago. They said it would take 2 hrs to the job and it took exactly 1 hr and 50 mins. Alex did a great job on my windows and he has a great business ethics. Definitely recommended!!
5 IF you need to get your car tint done, get it here.. They are professional and answer all your questions and at a very great price.. Thank you Denisse.  We will be back soon to get my wife car tinted too.. By the way, I got my whole car tinted and love it..  Eddie
4 This place was great. I have all my windows tinted and it looks great. Great customer service from everyone in there. Great prices and have a lot experience. I will defiantly go back.
5 These people are truly awesome. Great tint job and fantastic customer service. I  read good reviews so I called and set up an appointment.  Denise was great and so was the other gentleman there (I can't remember his name). . She even gave me a ride back home while I waited for my SUV to be done.  I've been in Vegas for 10 years now and know how difficult it is to find businesses with a good work ethic. If you want honesty, a good price -and just overall good people - this is a great place. I'll need a stereo soon so that's where I'll be going.
5 Great new place for window tint and all custom vehicle upgrades. The owner and his wife are fantastic people. They use top quality products and do exceptional work. 10/10. Will use again.
5 If you need your fog lights to be installed fast, Well this is the place to go! Its fast & very nice! They also do window tinting!  I like how he approach people, very nice guy!
5 Excellent service, excellent price and excellent quality. What more could you ask for. My car was done quickly, and with high quality. Alex even took a look at my stereo's connection for me at no extra charge. I would highly recommend 305 Kustoms to anyone.
5 Such a great service!  I have always taken my cars to another place to have them tinted but never again. I got 5 star service for a steal. Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for my new truck but I got it in amazing timing! Thank you 305 for hooking a girl up (:
5 These guys are awesome!! Very friendly and easy to work with. I had Alex install a whole new sound system in my week old 2014 mustang. They took special care of my car and I couldn't be happier. Alex even went out if his way to put his special touch on the install. Thank you guys for a fantastic job. I wouldn't recommend anyone besides 305 Kustoms. Thank you to Alex's wife, Denise. You guys make a great team!
5 Best customer service in Vegas!!! Alex & Denisse are great. They took out my stereo system in my Benz. Reinstalled my amps, speakers & crossovers into my new BMW and tinted the windows. It was a total 5 star job all around. My system in my car has never sounded better. Alex is a true expert when it come to installing. Forgot to mention... Their prices are extremely reasonable. I will never bring my cars anywhere else. they are bringing a little SoBe to the LV.
5 After reading plenty of reviews and searching groupon! I finally made decision on doing my tint with 305 Kustoms and let me tell you....IT WAS THE BEST DECISION EVER! Denisse and Alex are the most helpful people ever, they know how to run a business and I can say that just by talking to them on the phone! I had work and had to send my mom with a note and debit card to get my car tinted but I talked to Denisse that morning to let her know that I wanted to pay her up front rather than Groupon (not many customers know that company's only receive about 30% of the actual Groupon price)  So if you have a groupon, help them out and pay up front!   My mom drove my car back to work and I was talking to my 2 coworker and a client. I showed them my new car and tint as my mom pulled up. Told them I got great deal from 305 Kustoms and now they wanted the address and phone number! I love helping out companies that truly do make their customers happy! My tint looks awesome! I love it! Thank you 305 Kustoms.
5 I had 305 Kustoms do the tint on my wifes Acura SUV. Awesome service, very friendly staff, they were very flexible. I scheduled a 2pm appointment and was taken in right away. The establishment is very clean.  The product was great! If you want friendly service and a great job definitely recommend 305 Kustoms. I will be bringing all my cars and referring everyone I know here!  Thanks again 305 Kustoms!! Very happy with the product and service!
5 They did a great job window tinting my new car for a fantastic price.  The owners, Alex and Denise, were very straightforward on pricing.  No bait and switch tactics here.  Let them know you would like the groupon price and pay them direct instead of purchasing the groupon.  Groupon takes a huge cut, so it really helps them out to pay direct.  Amber, the secretary was really friendly, and they even had a keurig in the waiting room.  And a huge plus... I could see them working on my car through a window in the waiting room.  Great job 305 Kustoms!
5 This is the BEST tint shop in Vegas!  I got the front windows and strip done in my Scion XB.  Alex and his wife are awesome and he always bends over backwards for me when send my friends down to him.  I can see this place being in business for a long time.  I can't wait to get some cash together to get my audio installed... Total Boss!
5 This company and the owners/team are fantastic!!! From the first call and car drop off to the pick up and walk thru, everything about my experience with this company was perfect! Denisse who manages appointments and the front desk is super sweet and incredibly knowledgeable. And Alex, her husband and the main man, is equally as sweet, and he clearly takes his work very seriously. I got my Lexus windows tinted - and the job was done perfectly. I also needed work done on my car stereo and needed new speakers put in - and now my stereo sounds fantastic - and the hands free phone sounds as clear as I've ever heard one! I cannot recommend this team more! Thanks so much D & A!! PS: Do not use Groupon - just mention the discount, if there is one, to the owners - and they will take great care of you! I read this on Yelp - and now I need to keep the info flowing!
5 Alex and his crew provides exceptional services!  I couldn't ask for anything more. Thanks guys :)
5 305 kustoms tinted the windows on my new 2014 nissan only to find that one of the windows had a blemish that prevented placing the tint foil on the glass.  so they had to remove the tint until nissan could replace the glass (which nissan promptly did) and then 305 kustoms redid the window.  at no extra cost!  and it was a lotta extra hassle for them.  now that's service.  they did a great job and went the extra mile for me.
2 Buyer beware (review for pricing/quote only)! I saw them on Groupon and called to see if they would honor the Groupon price (in lieu of buying the Groupon directly in consideration of their business and how Groupon charges exorbitant fees to small businesses per another yelper's review and suggestion).   I was ready to book an appointment for tomorrow but then they told me it would actually be far more than expected after asking what kind of car I have (2014 nissan rogue) despite Groupon stating it is only the $50 extra for SUVs and "no other extra upcharge other than stated" in the fine print...Low and behold, they tell me there is actually a $25 extra upcharge other than stated for my car. Yes, that is just for the 35% all around.   On top of that, they also did NOT offer the upgraded 20% in the rear free of charge for being considerate and going through them directly so they avoid Groupon fees as opposed to purchasing the Groupon as another reviewer mentioned so don't expect that! This + the pricing were the main reasons I was ready to schedule an appointment with them.   In all, it's $164 for 35% all around or $199 for 35 front/20 rear with Groupon pricing! Other places quoted me about $200 or so (any % - no upcharges) without Groupon pricing. While I love to support smaller businesses whenever I can, I really hate false advertising/being nickel and dimed so I'll be taking my business elsewhere.   To top it off, the lady who answered the phone was extremely curt, not friendly and made me seem like I was inconveniencing her. Having just relocated here from NYC, I've encountered my fair share of not so great customer service reps so for someone to come off as curt to me is saying a lot!
5 Its hard to find a auto detailing location that's not pushy. I found 305 Kustoms through yelp and recommendations on yelp talk. The owners are very friendly and it seems like they will give you the best deal (backed up by good service). I got Nevada legal 35% tint on my new Fiat 500 Abarth. They had me out in less than an hour, the three guys worked like a Formula 1 style pit stop crew, fast and meticulously. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in getting modifications done.   I was also told that they will be moving to a different location. They will be located on Russell and Rainbow.   Overall experience was 5/5. I highly recommend this place.
5 These people are great and do great service! They are moving to a new building soon I believe so they can fit in more cars and do more awesome work. Great job on the tint and they honor the Groupon right there so you don't have to hassle with Groupon! Highly recommend them to do tint on any vehicle.
