1 We were in town for the Cardinal football game.  We left the hotel and walked to district a couple hours before kick off.  We found most of the restaurants packed, with up to a 45 minute wait at saddle ranch.    We took a gander at this place.  Checked yelp and saw only one review, it gave it one star.  With the main complaint being no draft beer.  Seemed a little strange, a bar without draft beer.  We went in anyway, were seated right away in the farthest corner of the place next to the kitchen door.  Lots of hustle and bustle about the place.  Cute waitresses, little shorts and cowboy boots.  Our waitress swings by among the traffic of other waitresses headed to the kitchen.  I order a Coors light in the bottle, while I study the menu.  It's a pretty standard BBQ joint menu, a burger with pulled pork on it catches my eye.  Looks interesting, so when the waitress returns with my beer I order it.  My friend orders the pulled pork sandwich.  I grab my beer and take a big pull off the bottle and I am met with hot beer.  Not room temp beer like in England, but hot beer.  My companion tells me that the mountains are not blue.  I get up and find the waitress and tell her.  The waitress took the beer back to the bar then returns with the same beer and a glass of ice.  She told us that the bar tenders had got the beer on ice late so all of their beer was warm.  She recommended that I pour the beer over ice.  I had to tell her that beer isn't like a mixed drink, you don't pour it over ice.  I then ordered a coke as our food arrived.   My dinner looked appealing enough, a good sized burger with a heap of onion rings.  My companions sandwich looked fair to.  She tried to pick it up only to find the bun had soaked and fell apart.  I opened my burger with pulled pork to find, to no surprise no pulled pork.  We just decided that this was not going to get any better and ate some of the food.  The onion rings were good, the burger was at best ok, very dry.  Our check comes and wouldn't you know it, that f___ing hot beer was still on there.  I just want out of this joint so I pay the waitress with two twenties on a 29 dollar bill.  Waitress brings me back a ten and one, one dollar bill.  No change to use as a tip, I left the one dollar bill as a tip.  This place is lacking in management and training for its employees.  If your running a bar and are only going to serve bottled beer put it in the walk in fridge a couple days before you put it on ice.  Poorly run restaurant, we won't be back.
5 my wife and i went here after seeing Thor 2 at westgate. the food was great,the service was amazing, they checked on our needs all the time. the decor is great too. it was our first time there. my wife had a burger which she loved and i got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was really good too. and the potato skins are amazing too. we will be back there .
5 I love this place! Great food and music here! It's probably one of my new favorite places to come to inside Westgate now!  I really like the fact that they have a live band here on Saturday nights! This place was really Poppin one Saturday night when I stopped in with my husband. The band was awesome! The staff here are friendly and look super busy all the time.   I will be back soon! :)
4 My mother introduced us to this fun place one afternoon for lunch midweek. We were only one of a small handful of tables but our server was great. I am surprised myself to say 'but' but there are so many times where you hit up a place that is a touristy spot on off hours only to be treated like you are invading their space. Not so for us. Our server was friendly, attentive, and very kind considering we also had the 2.5 year old in tow who just wanted to shake his booty on the dance floor. The music was fun, the food was tasty, and again, the staff was very friendly.  I look forward to making Whiskey Rose a part of my repertoire when visiting Westgate!
2 Service sucks so bad here. Food is alright and drinks are pretty tasty. But this time it took our server forever to get us any thing to drink and take our food order. She checked on us once-we had to go up to the bar to get new drinks. Disappointed
1 This place was HORRIBLE.  Right off the bat, we were greeted with a not that friendly waitress. After ordering we waited a tad to long considering it was hardly busy. My boyfriend ordered a twenty dollar steak. First big mistake, he ordered it medium and or was easily well done. Not just a little overdone, it was completely well done.  I ordered the pulled pork. When she brought me a plate of pulled pork meat, I realized I made the mistake of not saying I wanted the sandwich, which I personally think I would specify if I was the waitress, but I apologize and ask for a bun. She proceeds to charge me two more dollars for the sandwich when I don't even have all the other toppings that come with it.  Now when I go to taste my pulled pork, it's cold. Completely cold around the outside so I have to send it back. Upon eating it it was pretty good. The waitress brings is our check not bothering to wait and see of we need anything.  After leaving, not even twenty minutes later my stomach was severely upset. I had to take pepto twice to stop the pain.  Biggest mistake and waste of money. Now I see why the place was dead on a Saturday.
5 Nicki our server was great! Very attentive; we never felt like we were waiting for her to get a drink refill or ask a question, she would pop by on good time to see if we needed anything. Sweet tea was real good and served in mason jars! Started with the jalapeños or 'torpedoes' which were roasted just right to where you still get a crunch, with just the right amount of cheese and wrapped in a thick slice of bacon. BOMB. Didn't like the dipping sauce; tasted like Big Mac sauce. I ordered the Santa Fe Mac N Cheese and hubby ordered the half chicken with Fries. The Mac came with BBQ pulled pork on top with green chile. Would of enjoyed more heat out of the chilies but I know they're out of season. Still, I enjoyed the dish a lot. Hubby's chicken was REAL good! They cook/roast it with a dry rub on the skin and give you a tangy BBQ sauce to put on it if u like. He would alternate just eating the chicken with the dry rub vs. dipping it in the sauce. Did I mention how much we enjoyed the music?! Loved the playlist! Start to finish we were sat and signing the check in 30-35 min. I don't mind the no beers on tap. So long as they keep the KCCO!
1 I hardly ever get to go out because I have a crazy schedule, so me and some friends decided to go to whiskey rose to try it out at westgate, the bartender was HORRIBLE!!! I shouldn't have to wait as long as I did for a drink, especially because it was a Sunday night and it was there were 20 people in there tops... Not to mention the drinks were horrible, I felt that she wasn't putting any alcohol in them, I had 3 margaritas and not even a buzz!!! Thank you for, we ended up leaving and going to toby keiths... my friends and I wont be coming back-not worth my money, me and my fiancé are really understanding people but the dumb blonde behind the bar needs to find a new profession because bartending just isn't working for her.  If I could give no stars I would
4 Came here the Sunday night before President's Day looking to party hard, and only Whiskey Rose could deliver. It's very minimalistic with the decorations, staff wasn't a bunch of jerks (like they would be at almost any other bar in this plaza), and people love to have a good time. Here's everything I like:  -Amazing karaoke. I had to turn around and second guess that a real person was singing Miranda Lambert, and it was not just a recording. We're talking talent that's almost an American Idol level. Wow. They didn't just do country...some guy was screaming into the mic on an emo track and patrons thought it was groovy. I like. I like a lot.   -Hard liquor. Hard liquor everywhere. This is the kind of place where manly men can show off and shoot "moonshine" all night. It didn't even break the bank. 3 beers and a Jack & Coke was less than $20 before tip.  -Space. Lots and lots of space to sit or stand. Patio was tiny, but if you need fresh air, it's not like it's far out of your way.   Not to say this place was perfect. This is the only bar in Westgate that does not carry beers on tap. Whichever beers that have in stock is also not made clear, and you won't really be able to ask over the blaring music, so just get a Budweiser or something. And finally, they were pretty gosh darn slow, as if the workers still didn't know where everything was. Is it that new? In any case, I had a good time and would love bringing back some friends. The competition to other country-influenced bars is very welcome.
2 Weak drinks, there I said it. Country music atmosphere. Plenty of T&A from the staff though. Overall average bar nothing special
1 My husband insisted we go there prior to the hockey game.   I wish I had suffered through overpriced hot dogs and crappy concession food rather than suffer through my experience at this place.   My salad had about 6 pieces of lettuce in it, and some were slimy. Considering a 40 minute wait to get in, there shouldn't have been anything slimy coming out of that kitchen.   My friend's burger was a hockey puck. I suppose it was appropriate considering we were going to the game anyway.
2 We stopped on a Sunday night, not many people, menu looked fairly good.. we were seated and served pretty quickly. After giving our drink order, another waitress stopped by and said she was sorry, she had not seen us and this was her area.. we told her we had already been served. So our original waitress brings back the drinks and takes our order.... after a while she brings our entrees, she had forgot the appetizer.. we asked another waitress for some water as we did not see ours for awhile, we did not get water from her.. the original came back, we asked again for water and she did get it promptly... then as we were eating I notice our watiress at a table somewhat behind ours, she was talking to the people at that table and seemed to know them, she was there a good 10 minutes.. checking her phone , texting etc.. There were 4 waitresses for about 18 guests, not tables of guests but guests total.. My wife said her steak salad was good, she had her dressing on the side.. my ceasar with salmon was ok, but way to much dressing on it..  They did not have draft beer which was surprising.. we decided on cocktails.. they were fairly weak..  Do yourself a favor and do not bother with this place..
4 Great service! Average food, but priced right! Love their patio! Very disappointed that they dont have draft beer!  Every bar has draft beer!
5 Dear reviewers reading, Very relax chill place to hang out at. It was my first time going or doing anything since turning 21 and I gotta say it was the most fun ever. The DJ was very good and they were doing karaoke later in the night. There was a decent crowd for Sunday night the bartenders were so nice and I'm new to alcohol they whipped me up something nice and very tasty. I didn't get the lady's name but she had blonde hair and was the one helping me choose. And Travis was helping her they were very attentive to people. This was a very fun experience. I love this place! I don't understand why so many bad reviews?
3 Exactly what you'd expect of a wannabe nightclub/bar/restaurant thingy in strip mall hell... what with it's reheated food, curt bartenders, and a DJ that plays the weirdest mix of Garth Brooks and Pitbull. The saving grace of Whiskey Rose? Fiddy cent Coors Lights on LADIES NIGHTTTTT. No better way to kick off a business trip.
1 Pretty bad when you are sitting at the bar and all 3 bartenders ignore you and we literally had to wave our arms to get their attention and then receive rude service.  Don't think we will order round two!
