1 PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE! I am legitimately concerned, its not matter of IF its WHEN someone will get a death sentence from this place.     Please be careful when going to this place and consider not going at all. I had bought a groupon for 3-D eyebrows. I showed up and was mean mugged in the parking lot by a old lady sucking down a cancer stick! I should have ran for the hills!! Instead of running I parked my (not so cheap) car in a very shady parking lot, and made sure it was locked like MADE SURE it was locked!! I went in and sat down in the waiting room. I started seeing men coming and going, I knew something was creepy about it. Not just that there were men there, but the fact that they all look wayyy to thug tastic to be getting their brows done bothered me. I still knew I should have left but I'm a very patient person so I waited. In the door she came! Of course I'm talking about the Marlboro mans wife from the parking lot. I was like pshhhhh whatever old lady hater but she got behind the freakin front desk OMFG yah it happened she owns the joint!! At that point I even told my self I'm an idiot for staying... She is not the type of person who maintains the standard of cleanliness I do. Again I stayed like a moron!! She asked what I was there for so I informed her I had an appt for my brows. She said she would be right back.... and ....ummm....yah I never saw her again! Another lady came out and asked if I had been helped , I told her I didn't know and laughed. She told me she was going to do my eyebrows. Then it happened.. I walked into a tiny, DIRTY, dingy room. She had everything assembled already, and in the confusion of everything (while horror stories are blazing trails in my brain) I didn't even ask if the needles were new. Usually people put needles for tattoos in the gun  in front of you, but she didnt it was already set and I didn't think to ask... Until know...   She made several mistakes while doing my tattoos.  Cross contaminated between the sink and various other disgusting looking things such as the napkin holder, the table, the dirty chair I was on and one time even touched her face!   She took the gloves off to fix the machine and put the same gloves on again without washing her hands in between or using new gloves.   She touched the ink bottle tip to the cap and dipped the cap into my ink and my ink also contaminated the entire bottle. If i have a disease it would now be contained within the bottle of ink waiting injection to the next persons skin.   Although I am pretty sure none of the cross contamination could actually cause harm to someone, I am very concerned about the sterilization process of the needles which could cause hepatitis and other various harmful things. I have to get tested every month now for HIV and Hepatitis because I am seriously that SCARED.   On a fun side note. My technician was a self professed junky who is a month sober from crack and alcohol! Lucky me I found that out DURING my second brow.   Please save your money or go somewhere else. If you still decide to go you may be honestly signing your own death certificate.
1 I wanted to know the price of permanent make up for lips so I called to ask but the guy was so rude to me ... I already know the customer service is not good there even I don't visit .
1 Just the location alone should raise a big red flag! I bought a Groupon for this place as sort of a Christmas gift to myself. I called a day ahead to schedule an appointment to have my eybrows done. The man who answered the phone was very rude and quite dismissive however he managed to get over himsef and pencil me in for a 2pm appt. the next day. I arrive the next day at a quarter to and my name is not even on the schedule(red flag #2). The old scary looking dragon lady behind the reception area then tells me to have a seat as she disappears to the back. Another lady comes and asks me if I needed help to which I replied, "I was just told to have a seat" then she asks what it is I was having done and I told her my eyebrows. She then tells me that someone will be right with me. About 10 min. go by when a short haired blonde lady named Lia comes and gets me and takes me to dark and dingy, less than appealing looking room. She walks out of the room and I sit there waiting for another 15 min. When she finally comes in she gets started pretty much right away then halfway through my first brow the worst thing ever happens..she catches a cramp in her wrist and stops then continues to tell me she has Carpal Tunnel(red flag#3) all the while she has this painful look in her eyes and is massaging her wrist, moaning and groaning then walks out of the room for another 15-20 min. By now i'm praying i'm not going to end up looking like Groucho Marx! She comes back in and while finishing my brows tells me that she needs to have surgery on her wrist but doesn't want to because she doesn't want to take six weeks off of work and i'm thinking 'lady you'll probably get fired for screwing up someones makeup because you refuse to get the surgery'! Anyway after she was done she gave me a dirty mirror to look at my eyebrows with and told me how perfect and beautiful they were and that I would love them and that usually its a two step process but a lot of her clients dont bother coming back a second time because she does it so well the first time(rolling my eyes) and again i'm thinking 'they're probably afraid to'! I know I am. Please steer clear of this place...it is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 My experience at Paradise Permanent Makeup! I had my permanent make up for my entire face eyebrows, eyeliner and lips! All I can say, I felt 5 yrs younger in one day! When you bring more natural pigment back in your face, its amazing to go back in time and wake up feeling soft again!!   Leah in my opinion is a Picasso in her field! I have had Permanent make up at least 5 other times and nobody has ever come close to perfecting my look as she has!!! I am a 100% satisfied and completely happy. Feel free to look at my photos.  Karen has also done work on my eyes and she is excellent at executing her work and cares very much about people and how you look. Karen Aime's to please! Karen is very kind and compassionate.
