1 Café Zupas claims to be a healthy, inexpensive alternative to regular fast food.  First, I am not sure how healthy their food is because they fail to post nutrition any nutritional information.  Second, read the menu for descriptions and don't add extras.  On a recent visit after seeing a movie at Harkins Norterra, my wife and I decided to try the place that recently opened in place of Johnny Rockets.   I ordered Chicken  Tortilla Soup and Chicken Chop Salad, My wife ordered a pesto chicken Panini.  As we went through the line, I asked for some peas.  The peas were immersed in water and the preparer added no more than a tablespoon but also managed to dilute the miniscule blue cheese added at the beginning of the line. Then, I noticed there were no tortilla strips on the Chicken Tortilla Soup, so I asked for some.  Now, I was at register and I was charged $4.99 for the Panini, $7.99 for the soup and salad, $.59 for the peas and $.59 for the missing tortilla strips in the soup.  My wife and I sat down and tried to eat our food.  The amount of chicken, tomato bits, bacon bits and egg slices were so minimal that I felt cheated immediately.  In addition, it was watered down by the clumsy person who added the peas.  Worse than the salad, the chicken tortilla soup tasted like salt and had NOTHING in it but broth and tasteless chicken.  We tried twice to get the manager to complain, but they kept walking.  Finally, one of the floor bussers, came over and asked what was wrong.  He noticed something was wrong and went to get her.  The manager came over and asked what was wrong.  I told her the salad was watery and tasteless and had very little in it other than cheap iceberg lettuce. I also told her I could feel my blood pressure rising from the excess salt in the soup and the audacity to call it chicken tortilla soup when you charged extra for the tortilla strips.  She offered to replace it with anything else on the menu so I asked for the nutritional information.  She told me that was not made available by the company so I told her never mind, just get me a refund.  She said that was not their policy.   This restaurant is so bad, I warn you to stay away.  For the same amount of money spent here, you can get unlimited soups and salads at Olive Garden which is so much better.  Even Sweet Tomatoes is a much better value with greater variety.  Don't waste your time or money here.
1 Got the Honey Bacon Club and tomato basil soup. Not worth the nearly $9 for the pick 2. If you're in the Norterra area, save your self and go to Paradise instead. We won't be going back.
3 Those previous "reviews" must be from Paradise employees. They are nervous now! We've visited this cafe three times now having different sammy & soup each time. The food is good and the variety of options is great. My only concern is the prices. They are on par with Paradise down the walk - both a little high. The difference in volume of soup btwn large and small - if there is one - is not worth the additional charge. Stick with the small. Great place to eat before catcjing a movie next door.
5 The soups here are absolutely delicious! They make them from scratch in the back and they are better than homemade! The lobster bisque is my favorite so far but the mushroom is also delicious! The grilled paninis are really good too. I also tried a few of the salads. The lettuce is very fresh and the dressing are flavorful. They need a 'try 3' combo since its so hard to choose between two! This is my new favorite place. This is a great place to grab a quick bite before a movie.
3 The food was ok. I got the BCH Panini and the Chicken Enchilada Chili. The soup was really salty and the panini was something I could make at home. The employees were friendly but unorganized. I thought it was a little on the expensive end. It cost 3 adults and a child about $45 for soup and salad combos. Probably won't be back. In my opinion, Paradise bakery, Wildflower, and Sweet Tomatoes are a better value.
1 Not impressed one bit! After seeing the menu online I was very excited to try a new restaurant close to home. It was nothing special, AT ALL! The BBQ chicken salad I ordered had a very slim amount of the ingredients mixed in and it maybe, maybe, had 2 ounces of chicken breast. My daughter had the chicken strips and fruit from the kids menu. She's a toddler and eats ketchup with most items. They didn't have ketchup. The lobster bisque soup was okay. A small salad was not enough food and was not offered a size portion when I ordered it. The bread that comes with the meal is just a section of a cold hard loaf and the butter is over ice so there's no way you're spreading that on your hard loaf. The chocolate covered strawberries were a disappointment as well. Only less than half of the strawberry was dipped. Sad to say it but this place doesn't stand a chance with the other restaurants in the shopping center
5 One of my favorite lunch places. Try their tomato soup, it is so good and different than the typical tomato soup. Also you get free chocolate covered strawberry with every meal, can't beat that
4 First time here. The line was almost out the door when we got here but it moved pretty quickly. The menu has a good variety and it pretty reasonably priced. It was nice to see how many salad topping options there were. You get Italian soda mix ins with your fountain drinks and that was fun to play around with. There were some really delicious looking desserts but we didn't get any (this time, but next time...). You get a chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal too. The food was pretty good, fresh and light.  They have rolling booted seats/car seat holders and long tables for families. We sat in a booth and had our car seat in one of the holders and felt really in the way from the people squeezing to get by.
5 Really liked this place. Cool atmosphere, loved my meal and the price was good. Had the Asian BBQ pork sandwich and the chicken tortilla chili which were both very good. I'm from out of town but would come here again, and would certainly eat here if they opened one near my home town.
5 Tried Zupas for the first time and am very happy we did. Food is fresh and has the "home made" taste they boast. Great flavor in the soups (sampled several) and the sandwich was light but filling. All meals come with a free chocolate covered strawberry! What's not to love there? Also, had the Salted Caramel Creme Brûlée which was great for only $2.99.
5 After a horrible time trying to get a table at Pita Jungle came here and from the start was impressed.  They opened the door and welcomed us. Everyone was extremely pleasant and got awesome food and sat down right away.
5 What a wonderful staff they have here. Great customer service. Very friendly and energetic. I'm so glad they open this place near me. :))  I always get the vegetarian sandwich. It's perfect and it's delightful. The nuts about berries salad, is phenomenal. Strawberries berries and a hint of cinnamon with nuts. Im obsessed :))
4 This is a typical soup, salad, sandwich joint.  Perfect for lunch or a quick takeout dinner.  The ingredients are all fresh but also lack some flavor.  I have been here several times and nothing I've ordered really blew me away.  The best thing I've had was the salted caramel brûlée.  I ordered it to go and the cashier dropped it, flipped it back over and sent me home with it.  The caramel was everywhere but on top of the brûlée.  Even still...it was so good.  You also get a complimentary chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal, bonus!  They also have complimentary syrups at the soda station to add to your drinks, which I love.  The rating I'm giving is more for all the extras here and not as much for the food.
1 People say that variety is the spice for life. I couldn't agree more so that's why I ventured out to Cafe Zupas from my normal rotation.  I decided to get a large make your own salad along with a soda for $9.29 (inclusive of tax). They give you plenty of mixed greens and about four ingredients on the salad. I could probably fit all the ingredients that they gave me on a hot dog. If you stick out your hand and look at your ring finger and pinky that would have been about the volume of chicken in the salad. I may have gotten somewhere between a 1/3 to 1/2 of a hard boiled egg as well. They chop up the cucumber and tomatoes very fine. Maybe a couple of teaspoons of each ingredient.  It's safe to say that I won't be fooled again.  At least I enjoyed this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1QtO2KYwVE   (start at 1:14).
3 I came here on a Thursday at noon w my 4 year old. It was pretty busy mostly with what seemed to be business employees from close by offices. First impression, a friendly girl greeted me at the door to tell me the house favorites. A nice gesture but could be skipped in my opinion since I can read the menu myself and none of the house favs appealed to me at all. An over abundance of (friendly) staff behind the counter took my order and I received my lunch immediately. They offer samples of all of their 10+ soups which was nice. The salmon chowder tasted good but when I dug into my bowl I was disappointed to find it VERY thin w zero bits of salmon or anything other than 2 or 3 bits if corn to be found. In fact, I easily could have drank the entire bowl w a straw. Bummer for a chowder that they compare to the ones found in Washington State!  My Thai chicken salad was alright but nothing to write home about. It had very few small pieces of chicken in it, all iceburg lettuce. I did liked the fresh mango, peppers and small kick of spice it had going on.   Signs on every table tell you To Not Save Your Table (?) and I couldn't help but feel rushed to vacate mine with several staff hovering over us scoping out our plates. If you are looking for a fast, simple meal on your lunch hour this place will do. If you want to sit and enjoy your lunch, not so much.   Bottom line: above average customer service, average at best food.
4 YUM YUM YUM!   I happen to have a sweet spot for salads that have fruit in them and Cafe Zupas offers me the motherload of choices to quench my fruit tooth.   Their lobsterbisque is so much better than I was expecting it to be. I was happily surprised.
1 Omg seriously I paid 15$ for French onion soup and panini so expensive,And there French onion soup was so oily and gross I had to ask for money back,the staff is so rude the guy on register think he owned it...I would not recommend anyone to eat there they will get sick from that French onion...
1 Food was ok. Atmosphere was terrible. Exactly 10 minutes after leaving I had to stop at a QT gas station due to an upset stomach and let's just say I'm not going back.
4 Really like this place. Everyone is super friendly and I haven't had a bad dish yet. Their clam chowder is really excellent. Have had a variety of soups and sandwiches and have never had a bad thing to eat. They are also quick so if you're in a rush on lunch this is a good spot.
2 Went yesterday for dinner, Irish stew signs posted all over. As I approached the counter I was told they were out. I was disappointed but stayed for a soup and sandwich. Both were ok at best, but I did not get my chocolate covered strawberry. Not a good experience.
1 And now its bad here too. Ordered a chicken ceasar salad with no red peppers.  The girl threw peppers on it and we told her we said no red peppers. So what does she do, pick them off right in front of us. So disgusting! Wow. Not coming back.
3 Good not great...Paradise Bakery is slightly better if you are looking for soups,  salads and sandwiches.
5 I really enjoy this place. Their food is tasty and they have awesome customer service.   My 2 year old accidentally dropped her plate on the floor when she was less than half done. I went back to the counter to order another meal for her and as I was about to pay I was having a conversation with the gentleman behind the counter and mentioned why I was buying another meal. He handed my money back to me and said I certainly didn't need to buy another meal, accidents happen and they were happy to take care of it. They didn't have to do that since it was in no way their fault!   They don't have the BEST food, but I have enjoyed everything I've gotten so far. The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice treat!
5 absolutely amazing food, service and prices! we will definitely go here again! YUM!
4 Good food and great service. Free chocolate covered starve berries with your meal!?! Yes please!  Many of their soups are chowders or bisque type. The chocolate hazelnut creme brûlée is delicious. Generally busy around noon.
2 I love the ambiance of the restaurant and the high volume of staff to keep things moving.  It was busy, but the service remained fast and friendly regardless of the high volume of people there.  What I didn't love was the salad and the lack of discussion about what I was ordering.  They prepared me a small salad, I wanted a large but couldn't tell what they were doing.  Once I realized it was a small it was too late.  Also, the added items (chicken, egg, tomato, etc) was WAY too small of a serving for a lunch.  I was less than two bites of chicken - maybe 1-2ounces total..  and about 1/4 of a hard-boiled egg.  I'm not a big eater - but I was pretty hungry when I left the restaurant.  Also - WAY too much dressing - it was drowning in dressing.  They were so focused on keeping the line moving (and I understand they need to get people through at lunchtime), but they didn't take enough time to let me make decisions about my order.  Large salad, not small.  Extra chicken please.  LESS dressing, etc.    It could  be great if they improved the service at the counter and actually gave people a moment to order what they want... and if they consider actually adding a decent serving of ingredients to the salads.
5 So So good, you get good bang for your buck,... skip the paradise bakery and head here love it!! They also have Italian soda which is also so so so good.
2 This place is horrible if you need to eat gluten free.  They told me at least 5 times that theirs is an 'open kitchen' and there is risk of contamination (they are set up like paradise bakery in that they make the salad in front of you using crocks of the various items).  But they could not tell me if there was gluten in any of their dressings.  They have no gluten free menu.  Anyone who eats gluten free knows they are taking a risk eating at this type of place and does not need to be told.  The staff even told me it is not their fault if I get sick.   I got the summer salad with the dressing on the side - the salad was good and I did not get sick from gluten.  The small salad is not really enough food for a meal.  The kids meals are $4 and include an option of two items from the following - baked chicken tenders, grilled cheese sandwich, fruit cup, and soup.  They come with a drink (from the soda fountain) and a choice of bread or chocolate covered strawberry.  The kids seemed to like their meals.  I will not be going here again until they have a gluten free menu.
2 Not a fan of this place.  It is loud, hard to walk down the isles (tables are really really close together), food is mediocre AT BEST and I feel like I am ordering at a school cafeteria.  Paradise Bakery has a similar set up to their restaurant, but the food is worth it.  It is usually busy, so some people must like it (it is affordable) -- but the food is very bland and lacks zest in my opinion.  No complaints about the staff though.  :)    My friends like this place, but I just can not stand going here due to the food; I've tried it about 4 separate times. There are so, so, so many other more flavorful restaurants to go to in walking distance.
3 Good food- weren't very accommodating to my mother who can't eat certain vegetables. They seemed to be frustrated when they had to start the salad over- work on your employees attitude.
3 An alternative to Paradise Bakery. Had the Asian BBQ sandwich & tomato soup, both tasty and I would return. I prefer Paradise however.
3 Turkey avocado sandwich and Caesar salad are really good!!! But the breads all get hard quick
