5 Impressive new shop for all your cycling needs. And, a very helpful, knowledgeable staff!
4 customer service was absolutely excellent, very friendly and knowledgeable staff and the speed of service was outstanding. only downfall is that there is not an awful lot of accessories and or part, maybe this is because they are still brand new. highly recommended.
4 I thought this was still a Tempe Bicycle location, but to my surprise it's not!   For you that are new to Tempe, there are multiple Tempe Bicycle locations and in my experience they have hit or miss customer service. I thought it was cool to check out a different bike store for a change.   I was buying some accessories for my bike, so I don't know about prices on bikes, but for what I bought it seemed reasonable. Friendly staff and quick service.
5 I needed a tuneup on used bike I purchased.  They did a great job on my bike even offered to cut off the old bike lock.  I like to ride daily if possible so they had my bike to me in a few hours.  The price was extremely reasonable especially living off of a students income.  First place I'll go for my bike needs :)
5 Friendly staff, great location, reasonable prices, always doing specials (eg, half-off all tubes for a week, half-off full service tune-ups for their grand opening).  There are a lot of bike shops in Tempe, but Pedal manages to stand out on friendliness alone.
5 Easy five star. Someone pulled into a right turn lane and wrecked me out of the bike lane. I was a bloody mess and the bike sucked too. This shop is new and my old shop Ehrhardt is never weekend friendly so I stopped by. They realigned the brakes gratis. Free. And they were pretty chill dudes. My bicycle business has a new home.
5 I have had to go and get my bike and my friends bike looked at and repaired and each time I have gone it. The service is friendly, fast and affordable :)  Tis the season to use your bikes and they have done a great job at keeping myself and my friend as customers!  They have the supplies , the info and as a perk a fabulous sense of humor :)
5 Great service! awesome bike shop with large selection!!!! My brother loves this place as well :)
5 This place is GREAT!  I was greeted as soon as my foot hit the mat by the front door!  I mentioned that I was impressed with all the great reviews I saw on YELP, and that was what brought me to their shop. (I live in South East Chandler) The guy behind the counter was stoked that someone saw the reviews!  I purchased two Schwinn bikes for my daughters off Crags list, and felt they could use a good going over and tune up.  I got the gold tune up for both and when they did a quick assessment they told me I could pick them up the next day!  What I don't have to wait a week?  I'm not accustomed to such a quick turnaround!  That is great and the kids will be thrilled!  Very Polite, Very Knowledgeable, and Very Professional!  I will be back and I will send others!   I drove past many bicycle shops to get to The Pedal Bike Shop in Tempe and I will gladly do it again.
5 Great experience purchasing a new bicycle this past weekend; the employees have a wonderful attitude and enjoy working with customers (even those who ask naive questions) -- nicely greeted when I walked in, explained what I was looking for and started to ask questions.  Questions were responded to thoughtfully, respectfully and positively. Once I decided to purchase the bike, the two outstanding employees helped me select equipment to ensure I would feel comfortable and safe -- recommendations were provided in a manner that made sense and I never felt they were trying to inflate the  purchase price. As they were preparing my bike and teaching me how to change a flat a few other customers came in.  All were treated kindly and helped, always with a smile. Upon leaving with my new wheels I was encouraged to come back with any concerns or questions as they are there to ensure I enjoy the bike.
