3 New place just opened. Fun decor in Alice and Wonderland theme. They had some really nice and unique tea selections (which is what drew us in). The Tea prices were fair. The Staff was super friendly and helpful. And the cakes we're AMAZING! My only disappointment was the size of the cake.  It was quite expensive for the little thing that was on my plate! Both my husband and I LOVED each bite but did debate the fact that it was half the size of most tea&cake places you would good. Even though they were delicious we decided that next time we'd probably just have tea and a scone.
5 Came across this unique tea rooms in the centre of Edinburgh. It's a great place for tea and cake. My husband and I looked through the menu and everything sounded delicious. We ordered a sandwich each they was huge with lots of filling and lovely presentation. The cakes looked amazing even though I was full I still needed to try the cake they was staring at me. I had the Lemon and blueberry it was AMAZING and my husband had the sticky toffee with pieces of toffee on top. The portion was huge that I took mine away.   A lovely place with a great feel and decor the staff were so kind and polite and we sat for ages without feeling rushed. A must see with lots of tiny detail and features.  Can't wait to go back and try the other cakes on offer.
3 The place looks cool with the Alice in Wonderland themed interior, and the staff are very friendly. Other than that it seems fine, same standard as most cafes, in my opinion. I probably wouldn't especially go out of my way to go there. I got a scone which wasn't great, which is disappointing as I love scones. We saw some cakes being brought to other peoples tables and they seemed to really vary in size, from tiny to huge. I don't know if this is reflected in the price! I hope so.
5 Love this place! It's a quirky cafe... I love the attention to detail the went into this place. How could you not love a table on the ceiling? Each of the three rooms hasn't different decor, making choosing a place to sit difficult.   The cakes are absolutely delicious and the portions are quite generous. I'm also a big fan of the food. It's my go to cafe in town now. And the service is great. If you're a tea person this place is definitely for you, so many to choose from!
