5 New place, only popped in for a couple of drinks but already very impressed. Great selection of drinks on tap, cocktails and friendly staff! Haven't tried the food yet but the menu looks great.
4 Very good cocktails from an extensive, creative menu. So many kinds of bloody mary! Makes my heart smile. Will definitely have to go back and try the food sometime soon.
3 Well wasn't this a pleasant surprise. I dont often pass down Morrison Street, but when I had dinner at The Atelier with a lovely bunch of Yelpers, and Laura D suggested drinks here beforehand (it being directly opposite) I thought it might be a wee, old-man type bar. How wrong was I.  For a start, it's massive inside, stretching from the bar to the back upstairs, then a room downstairs. It's only been open 2 weeks, and whilst it doesn't have that fresh-paint smell, it looks very new and beautiful. Although the style is more old-fashioned, with exposed brick work and dark wood.  All the tables were laid out for food, which I thought was unusual. Usually in bars there's a dedicated dining space, then the rest is just for drinks. But when we asked to take a table just for drinks it wasn't a problem.  The cocktail menu is really quite fun, and I enjoyed reading it a lot. I went for the "Misery is Optional" cocktail that has a coconut-water icecube, and quite fruity. It was really sweet, I couldn't really taste the alcohol, but it was fun nonetheless! Claire, Laura, Julie...well everyones cocktails (we must have ordered 6 different ones between us) all seemed quite fun and went down well too. The cocktails were quite well made, and felt less serious than the likes of Bramble, but still held their own. I'd come back here to try a few more, that's for sure.  It's really very new, and it was quite quiet when we were there mid-week. Time will tell what sort of crowd they attract, but I would like to go back. And I am curious about the food too....
3 Decor reminds me of ha ha bar and kitchen which was in Glasgow many moons ago. Brick walls, wood, just the same kind if vibe really.  Popped in for a quick drink. My cocktail was a bit meh but Jenny and Laura's choices were lovely. Menu looks great and I do plan a return visit to try as lots of tasty options and I would like to further explore the cocktail menu...
4 Hit upon this new venue by accident. A lovely bar which serves excellent food. The staff were welcoming and friendly and there is a casual feel. There is a fully stocked bar with a wide range of Gins and Vodkas on offer as well as a nice wine selection by the glass. There is also an extensive cocktail list.  The food was fresh, very well cooked and packed with flavour. It was also notably well presented.   The meal was extremely good value for money and I would definitely return if in the area again.
4 Found this on Yelp and decided to give it a go. Service was friendly and fast. We ordered the sea bass, which was delicious, and the beef burger, which was very good though the chips had a little too much salt on them. However, that was a minor gripe. I would definitely eat here again and would recommend it to others.
