4 There are a lot of reviews for this business on tripadvisor.com.  My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon for $85 for two people and went on Sunday over Labor Day weekend. Compared to other club crawl/tours we found, the price couldn't be beat. Other tours offer good deals, but not on holiday weekends. We had such a great time! We started at MIX at Mandalay Bay, then headed to The Foundation Room (also at Mandaly Bay). We spent two hours at Foundation Room (a bit too long, since this is more of a mellow lounge than a club - I think one hour would have been plenty of time). Then we headed to Body English at The Hard Rock. We stayed there for about an hour, which didn't feel like much time at all. Lastly, we went to Pure at Caesar's Palace and danced until about 4 a.m. when they closed. The party bus that took us from place to place was pretty fun. Free drinks (super strong) were provided on the party bus, but they tasted like they were made with the cheapest of cheap liquor. Over all, it was super fun. Vanessa was a great hostess and everyone seemed to have a great time.  The reason I give it 4 stars rather than 5 are 1) the timing seemed a little awkward and I would have rather spent more time at the more lively clubs that we went to after The Foundation Room. 2) communication in the ticket purchasing/booking process was not very professional and I felt like I may have been getting scammed. 3) the cheap liquor. 4) it would have been nice to have spent more time on the party bus.  But I feel like the value for the money we paid was unbeatable. I'd do it again.
5 Bought a groupon and did this on a Sunday night after two of my friends got married in Vegas. This was an excellent activity choice! While most of the spots on our tour didn't have drink specials (same ones as outlines in Traci's post), my favorite was them taking us to the club Body English, where we danced our asses off. While true that we weren't on the bus often or long, we had unlimited drinks on the bus and there were several fun options like margaritas. Our guide/bartender was awesome. This is a great activity for young people in Vegas who want to have a good time with other partiers.
5 JULIE!!!  What a hostess!!!  Definitely recommend this fun lady!! We had so much fun on this party bus tour. There were 6 in our overall group and 16 overall on the party bus .We meet at Lilly at 9:30 to start our Sunday evening. 2 for 1 drinks were there and it ran about $15 with the coupon. The staff at Lilly's was fine as there were at least two other party bus groups there. We then walked across over to Bank to start the night. Bank was just opening and we walked right in. By the time we left, it was so crowded we could hardly move. Don't drink at Bank if you don't have to as the drinks are $10 for beer and $14 for Vodka and $19 for Vodka/Redbull . The reason I say don't drink is because the party bus comes next!! We hoped on and drove to Pure. Julie had drinks waiting and we all pounded as many vodka tonics and vodka crans as we could. They were strong and good. We had girls hanging off the stripper poll on the bus and people jumping around having a blast. My small group of friends drank 15 drinks before Pure. That's right 15! Bunch of alcoholics for sure.  Pure was easy to get in and only the outside open. It was fun though and we stayed there for 90 minutes. Back on the bus we went for more drinks from Julie! We pounded down 13 more!!   Then it was into Hakkassan at MGM. What a club , I think!! I was a bit hammered after the bus ride!! :)  Again straight in. Club played great music(I think), then we finally ran out of gas around 3:45am. Remember you must get your own way home from last club. So we grabbed a limo for $25 bucks and headed back to Cosmo. We paid $68.99 each for this tour. Its too much to be honest if the drinks weren't flowing. But alas they WERE. Look for groupons and other discounts and plan better ahead than I did and you can save a few bucks. These guys have a pool tour too and a helicopter as well.  Don't make a mistake like so many others and try and save a few bucks with a cheaper tour. This went flawless and believe me is worth the extra $20-25 for it. I drank 8 drinks on bus which in club would have been $120. Get Julie!!  You will love her!!  PS....Ladies. If you have comfortable heels, I would suggest that strongly as there is some walking. Also I noticed ladies with only slightly elevated sandals getting into clubs just fine.
1 Definitely the most wrinky-dink operation I've ever seen. We signed up for the Party Bus package and were on a party bus for all of 10 minutes. When we showed up, they didn't have enough wrist bands and said "Oh, you guys are extra." Not sure what the hell that means. But our club hopping was pretty ridiculous -- we spent 2 hours and 20 minutes at Haze, spent 10 minutes on a party bus, and then went to the Chateau at Paris. At 2:45 AM they were supposed to bring us to Pure, but I bailed by that point. Vegas never sleeps, but getting shuffled around at 2:45 AM is moronic.   Oh, and if you call them and suggest paying a lesser price than Groupon, the company will agree to avoid Groupon's fees.   Spend your $50 elsewhere. These companies are hit or miss either way. We had 9 people on the bus and would've been better off putting our money towards bottle service.
1 This company is a joke. Spent 10 or 15 minutes on a party bus for the entire night. After booking months in advance and calling week of to confirm, we still weren't on the list night of. After a below average experience, management was not receptive into comping anything to defuse the situation. Instead we were given attitude and treated like scum.  Learn how to run a business.
1 We were in Vegas last weekend for a bachelor party and unfortunately we were looking forward to the party bus/club night the most. I say "unfortunately" because it turned out to be a complete waste of time and money.  First, being a party of around 10 people, we had spoken with the company repeatedly in the weeks leading up to the event in order to be certain that our reservation was secure. We proceeded to show up to the first location at Aria to find out that none of us were on the company's list. What?! We then had to wait for extra wrist bands, causing us to miss a half hour of 2 for 1 drinks, and were then told that now we were "extras" being thrown onto a random bus.   Secondly, we were looking forward to the idea of partying at multiple clubs and, just as importantly, on the bus itself. Well, as you may have guessed, we were disappointed again. We started at Haze and might have well just ended there too. We didn't get into the bus until almost 1am. Apparently what they do is they run one bus for three groups of people. We happened to be in the group that had to wait for 2.5 hours before even seeing the bus. Oh, and then the bus ride lasted all of 10 minutes and we ended up at Chateau.  After partying at Chateau, we boarded the bus at 2:45am to head for Pure. By that time, half of our party had bailed, and not because they were tired. They were tired of the party bus tour! We arrived at Pure to find it basically empty (surprisingly) and then immediately left.   So, all in all, you should completely avoid this company. Take your money, get into a club that you'll enjoy, and buy some bottles. You'll have a much better time, I promise.
5 I had spoken to a friend prior to my trip to Vegas last October and asked him what I MUST do in Vegas....and he pointed me in Vegas Rockstar VIP's direction. I had SUCH a great time. We did the Friday night one and it was AMAZING. We loved all of the clubs we went to (good music and fun crowds), particularly the first one (wish I could remember the name because it had a great drink special). Our hostess was AMAZING. I agree that the rides in between the dance clubs are short, but she kept our drinks coming non-stop. I was thoroughly buzzed all night long...which is probably why the only place I can remember was Paris (great views!). This is something we will definitely do again if we return to Vegas. Well worth the $. I spoke with my friend and did notice they go to different places depending on the night you book (so that is something to keep in mind).  Disclaimer: we went in October and had no problems (nor did we have to pay any entrance fees to clubs). Some of the more recent reviews would have me worried to try this again.
1 At best, a rip-off. At worst, a scam. We were told the bus would depart at 9:30 PM. Upon our timely arrival, we found out that the bus would not leave until 4 hours later, after 1 AM! The first club of the night, Revolution, was just a small lounge inside the casino at the Mirage. Anyone could just walk up and order a drink there, and you certainly don't need this "service" to do so. The second club was ALSO in the Mirage, a short walk away. All told, they expected us to sit around inside the Mirage buying drinks at these bars for four hours before ever setting foot inside the so-called "party bus" or taking advantage of the alcohol onboard we had paid for.
1 If I could give no stars I would. We booked months in advance for the memorial day tour on Sat night for 14people.   We confirmed as we were told and  get the ultra lounge that stated on their voicemail. After waiting 40 minutes we find out that they moved locations and didn't text us. We called their contact information many times and it went strait to voicemail. They didn't even bother to update the Voicemail.   We lost out on the first 1.2 hour at the ultra lounge. Come to find out the hostess failed to capture the phone number correctly from the numerous emails we sent. We were ushered to the Bank where we stood in line for TWO hours! customer service was non existent. They couldn't even tell us if we were going to get it. The bouncer shared some interesting news, that this company is notorious for mess ups. At this point there are about 80 people in line and all are livid. A couple of people "hostess" showed up and they all shared the same nonchalant attitude- locations are subject to change.  They then decided to heard us to Hyde (another ultra lounge) its now been 2 + hours and we have yet to get in the club or get minimal customer services. It was truly  a sad evening as they expected us to stay at the "ultra lounge" until 1250 am. By the time people boarded the bus at 1250 I think there was only about 17 people left! How's that for service- everyone left unhappy and mistreated.   We made numerous call to the venue after the fact and they don't return calls.   My advice - stay away from this provider. If you want to do a tour book a more expensive reputable one!  In the end they didn't live up to the services they stated they would provide on their website.
2 LOL I look back at this and think... what was I thinking??  Simply put: unless you're over a certain age and can't get into clubs for free, better save your money and time for  Tiesto/Diplo/Calvin Harris than this shiz.  I had everything going for me. I was the only guy in a group of six. Those were good odds for me. Honestly if we had just gone to a better club like LIGHT, Hakkasan or Marquee, we could've gotten in for free (at least the ladies would've; my odds would have just been higher) and the money we ended up spending for this deal would have gone to table service.  The Vegas Rockstar VIP deal ($40 on travelzoo) had terrible service putting our names on the list. Phone calls would keep ringing and not be returned. Additionally, all the clubs and lounges we ended up were just aiite. If it wasn't for my darling girlfriends nabbing free drinks all night from the hunky owners and some down-right cowboys, it would've been a meh experience.  Seriously, save your money and time for a legit club. Even if it's just one- you'll definitely have a better time. On the flipside, you can just rent out a limo for cheap and provide your own alcohol on the road.  Thanks for trying Vegas Rockstars, but all I left from here was a sloppy wristband and a bad taste in my mouth from the ten minutes "all you can drink" poison on the bus.  But why two stars and not one? ...There was a stripper pole in the party bus and I found myself playing on it before being told to sit down and enjoy the unlimited well-drinks on board. Booyah.
4 I took 2 tours with them. The pool party tour I would give a 5. You start at one pool. Then take the party bus to the Las Vegas sign, the whole time in the party bus they're giving you drink to make sure you're having a good time. Great party music on the bus. You get back on the bus. Again giving you more drinks. Arrive at the second location. Spend however long you want at that pool. The club crawl tour I could have passed on. If they had an area for us in the club or more time on the party bus it would have been better. Pros for both no waiting to get in line. Cons there's no transportation back to the place you started.
