3 Ironwood American Kitchen is one of four restaurants located in the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort. Here are some comments:  Pros: open all day for breakfast, lunch and dinner (I think this is the only restaurant open for breakfast at the resort), convenient location for those staying at the hotel, friendly staff, big bottles of chilled water given to guests at each table, fast and responsive service, "lifestyle plus" menu for heart-healthy, diabetic, vegan and gluten-free needs  So-so: the food is simply "ok" with enough choices on the breakfast menu to satisfy everyone  Cons: pricing ($4 for drip coffee, $9 for a bowl of berries, $14 for a fruit plate, and $3 for toast which doesn't come with any of the breakfast orders)  I really didn't like the fact that I had to pay an extra $3 in addition to the $16 for my "american breakfast" which included eggs, bacon/sausage/ham and potatoes. The omlettes also didn't come with toast. It seemed like again, it was a cash grab. I can live with some price inflation at this restaurant since you're pretty much stuck eating here if you don't have a car but it seemed a little chintzy to not include something as simple as toast.
4 Just had breakfast today. I ended up creating my own omelet. The waiter was nice. I have to eat gluten free and they had Gluten Free bread. OUTSTANDING. They also game me a gluten free muffin. The price is a little high, but I loved my breakfast.
5 I love Ironwood, except I've only had the chance to eat here with their lunch/dinner menu. Its the restaurant located on the first floor near the pool at the Fairmont, and its  a beautiful place to get food when its nice out. Very open floor plan with a LOT of windows.  The service is great, I've never had my water glass go less than 3/4ths of the way down. There are a couple of great dishes (in my opinion). My favorite is the Spanish Ham flatbread with fig and herb/parmesan cheese.. delicious. Everything is made fresh to order, including their juices.(get an iced tea to go as well!)  My second favorite dish is the pan salmon, its straight oven to table, so its extremely hot when you get it, still in its original baking dish. Its in this yellow pepper sauce which is delightfully paired with asparagus and mushrooms. They have childrens menus and even little leap pads for the kids to play with while the adults enjoy their meal. I've even seen them give kids little sunglasses on their way out/in.  The menu for lunch and dinner is the same, and lunch is served typically starting at 11:30am.  Everyone RAVES about their breakfast, but I havent been able to try it yet.  If you're in the fairmont area and want a casual atmosphere with great service and phenomenally fresh food, this is your place.  But, if you want mexican food... you HAVE to go to la hacienda on the same property.
4 Who would have thought my number one takeaway from eating here would be "good for groups," but it is! Recently, I planned a girl's day for some of my friends. We were going to do a spa party at Willow Stream but I wanted to plan a lunch before we went. Since we were going to be at the Princess, I decided to stay in-house and chose Ironwood. Initially, I booked a table on the patio overlooking the pretty pool, but when the day of the event arrived the chilly temperatures made an outdoor table obsolete. I called to change the reservation and they happily complied and told me that they had a small room off the restaurant that could hold 11.   I showed up a little early and the table was already set and ready to go. I noticed that they also have a table of different fun games so I grabbed a "Foodie Fight" game just in case we wanted it. Throughout the meal, the waitress was friendly, helpful and fast! She separated our tabs and before we could even blink and eye, she presented individual tabs to us at the end of the meal. It was the most seamless paying process for a group meal I've ever experience. Not to mention that the food was good too! I've eaten at the spa before and was happy to learn that they offer that menu in Ironwood in addition to their regular menu. I ordered the yogurt curry chicken lettuce wraps which were low in fat but high in flavor. Everything about the meal was lovely and I would definitely come back with a group.
2 We made a stop at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort for lunch and ended up at the Ironwood American Kitchen.     Pros:     Nice setting, we sat on the patio with a view of the pool.  Good service.  Liked that they left big bottles of water on the table since it was close to 85 degrees during our visit.  Nice touch.   Cons:     Food was so so.  We ordered two different salads and neither was remarkable.   They told us they had just gone to a farm to table concept.  I guess that's why the servers all wear jeans.     At lunch we were presented a cocktail menu where our server pointed to the limited selection of cocktails they could make during the afternoon.  We ordered two different margaritas.  One was their regular, the other was the special.   Neither were good.   Maybe it would be a better place to try for dinner.   They could do a much better job on their lunch menu and food preparation.
1 We just arrived for breakfast and were greeted by a hostess sneering, as if to say "oh no, not more customers".  Her attitude seating us was no better.   The Fairmont would do well to remember that people are primarily paying for service.
4 Happened by for breakfast while staying at this lovely resort.  Breakfast buffet is $22 and includes coffee or tea. Hubby chose the buffet and I opted for the crab Benedict.   The Benedict was clearly, hands down, the best ever. Big chunks of crab.  Served with an amazing micro greens salad.  It was $17 and I was still a little hungry so I ordered the potatoes and multigrain toast.  Mainly the toast to try the cherry jam on the table.  Ambiance is nice and we laughed at the comical birds on the patio.  Service was great and we had an awesome start to our day of relaxation.
