5 Es gibt in Las Vegas die traditionellen Themen-Hotels (u.a. Bellagio, Caesars Palace, The Venetian, Paris, Grand MGM) und neue Hotels, die keinem Thema frönen sondern einzig aus sich heraus wirken. Das sind die top-modernen, in denen an nichts gespart wurde und die dadurch in anderer Weise ebenso imposant sind wie die Traditionshotels. Zu diesen Neuen gehört das Aria, das sich im neuen City Center am südlichen Ende des Strips befindet. Modernste Architektur, viel Glas bestimmen das Aria. Draußen im Vorfahrbereich beeindruckt eine geschwungene Wand, von der in unterschiedlichen Intervallen und Stärken Wasser hinunter strömt. Die lange Rezeption schirmt sich angenehm vom Casino-Bereich ab, bei meinem kürzlichen Besuch war der gesamte Deckenbereich des Empfangs mit großen Weihnachtskugeln dekoriert. Die Zimmer vom Feinsten. Wir logierten im 39. Stock mit atemberaubenden Blick auf Las Vegas. Großzügig gestaltet, viel Platz, im Bad allerdings wird an der Großzügigkeit ein klein wenig gespart. Aber das ist leise Kritik auf höchstem Niveau. Die Betten ein Traum, im wahrsten Sinne des Wortes. Ich kenne kein Hotel, das vergleichbar gute, exzellente Matratzen hat wie das Aria und die Kopfkissen  häufig ein Schwachpunkt in der Hotellerie  stehen dem in nichts nach. Die sind so gut, dass das Aria diese Matratzenart und die Kissen zum Verkauf anbietet. Für uns natürlich schwer nach Deutschland zu transportieren und nicht gerade billig. Ein paar Tausend Dollar (je nach Größe) sind pro Matratze hinzublättern! Ansonsten fehlt in den Zimmern nichts, absolut nichts, was den Aufenthalt äußerst komfortabel macht. Ich erspare mir das Aufzählen, es ist alles vorhanden!! Ansonsten bietet das Aria alles was das Besucher-Herz erfreut: Ein große, weite Casino-Anlage, diverse Restaurants, Bars, Shops. Im Außenbereich eine weitläufige Pool-Anlage, die bei unserem Besuch Ende November zum Großteil geschlossen war  off season. Ein Becken war immerhin geöffnet, der Bademeister langeweilte sich, das Wasser war angenehm warm, aber die aus den Zimmer mitgebrachten hochwertigen Bademäntel erwiesen sich als sehr nützlich beim Verlassen des Pools. Drei Whirlpools waren ebenso geöffnet, eine Erholung bei heißem, sprudelndem Wasser. Und wer mit der weiten Welt kommunizieren möchte: Im gesamten Hotelkomplex ist WLan frei. Allerdings muss man sich ständig wieder einloggen, denn nach kurzer Zeit der Inaktivität ist man raus aus dem Zugang. Fazit: Ein Hotel der höchsten Kategorie. Man muss suchen, um etwas zum Bemängeln zu finden und wird kaum fündig werden. Das hat seinen Preis, aber es gibt immer wieder Angebote! Die Lage ist prima zentral. Wohlfühlfaktor garantiert. Fünf Sterne  locker! Tipp: Valet-Parking ist kostenfrei.
1 Slowest moving Starbucks I have ever encountered in my entire life.  Avoid this Starbucks on the promenade level. Every morning when I would go to the fitness center I had to pass this Starbucks. There was always a line.  I decided to wait in the line not thinking it would take long. Oh boy was I wrong. I waited almost a half hour before I reached the cash register. It's not that there are a lot of people waiting on the line, it's the fact that there is only one person taking your order and two people making the coffee. They need more people working behind the counter.  Prices are much higher here than other Starbucks, but I expect that since it is located in the Aria.
4 I visited this location for the first time today.  It's clearly more popular than any other retail location in the hotel and I suspect there will be another one in the hotel very soon.  This design on this Starbucks is different and seems to incorporate more of the Aria's design elements than you would find in the average Starbucks on the street.  It's a very comfortable space.  This location get very busy.  When I visited that had 6 people working and we're able to move the line along very quickly and efficiently.  They got my order right and had it prepared for me quickly.    I was not disapointed.
4 Located at CityCenter in the Aria hotel, this is one of a handful of "concept" Starbucks, specially-designed stores that are often very green and artistic.  I was anxious to visit and see for myself.    To find this Starbucks, take the escalator up from the casino to the promenade level, where it is near the guest elevators.   This is a busy place, and the long line made me hesitate.  But cleverly efficient, they had an employee go down the line, taking your order in advance.  This speeded the line wait dramatically, so it was well under 10 minutes.  Obviously they have taken reviews like Andrew N's to heart.  I like this location.  Unusual ceiling, nicely tiled columns, attractive tables and chairs, made this a pleasant stopping place.  From a design standpoint, I do prefer the other two CityCenter Starbucks, one in the Crystal Mall and the other near the Mandarin Oriental.  That's not taking anything away from this one, which is obviously a cut above.  Definitely worth a visit.
2 Employees are nice, but prices are double any other Starbucks that I've ever been to. The also don't have a Starbucks card scanner. If you're going to charge crazy prices at least have good technology. Last time I get Starbucks at Aria.  *after coming back the next day it appears they double charged me, but I'll never know since they didn't give me a receipt.
5 The line was a little long but the service was great and they had great selections! I got the asian salad for lunch and a coffee that was nice and fresh...good morning accomplished.
1 Coffee good as usual but incredibly long lines and slow service.  Almost seemed like there was something wring with their POS system.  Staff seemed frustrated too and weren't too friendly.  Plenty of other Starbucks nearby, avoid this one.
3 Hate waiting in lines? Can you handle a 3 min walk instead of standing there?   Ok - so do yourself a favor - walk past this Starbucks down the 2nd floor hall, past the Aria Buffet, go down the escalator on the left, head right towards the exit towards self parking. Back up the short escalator, bang a right, take the walkway and long escalator down towards Monte Carlo, and at the bottom there will be an empty Starbucks waiting for you.
3 Starbucks has always been pretty consistent with my drinks.  I don't think I have ever had a bad one here.    It's basically the customer service I receive is what I review of which I had ok service at this location.   Being on the strip, it is definitely a busier location.  There was somewhat of a line but it moved along fine.  That's probably why it took just a little bit longer to get my drink.  Since they were so busy there wasn't much interaction with the customers.  I've seen busy locations which handled it much better.  I will say their dining area was very clean.  It has a huge wall of windows which brightened up this area very nicely.  It doesn't hurt that the windows face the main strip so you can people watch here all day long.
4 This is a great Starbucks if you go during off-peak hours. They seem to not be set up to handle a ton of traffic unless you like lines. But, the afternoons are great as this is an empty Starbucks.
1 Worst service if any Starbucks. Waited in line 35 minutes to place an order, and they still managed to get it wrong. Not worth it. Next time sticking to room service.
3 They charge higher prices than most Starbucks.  Coffee is the same as other Starbucks, so no issues there.  Food is another matter.  We arrived near opening time one day, and they had no bagels, and one other day they did not have the raisin bagels.  I didn't think that I would have had some a hard time finding bagels.
