5 I adore MAC make-up and their liquid Studio Fix foundation is the best foundation I've ever used with a coverage that last all day! On my last visit to the MAC counter in Harvery Nic's, I was topping up on my Studio Fix as I was running a little low.   As always, there girls working looked amazing with the most perfect make-up, it must be so annoying having to put it on to go to work for 9 in the morning, especially if you've been out the night before. I wonder how long it takes them? Anyway, when I requested another bottle of my favourite foundation the girl who served me was really friendly and helpful and even let me try a couple of the new eyeshadow colours and I left with a gold shade that was really pretty and a perfect shade for the summer.  If you're looking for make-up that makes a statement then head along to MAC, the staff are always very knowledgeable about all the products and are highly skilled make-up artists so you can try out new looks too. If you're into more subtle make-up then you can still find colours to suit at the MAC counter but it works best if you're looking for bold, bright colours and aren't afraid to try out new looks.
2 I love love love Mac makeup and if i was reviewing only the makeup the i would give this a full 5 stars, however on this occasion I'm reviewing the customer service and the actual store.  I shop in Mac every time im in Harvey Nichols and recently Ive just gave up and shopped online instead as they offer free shipping for orders over £30 (and lets be honest, most items are around that price anyway). The sales assistants completely ignore you and don't offer assistance and you cannot help yourself to things as its all locked away in drawers. If you come in with a list they get frustrated running around looking for things. I hope this isn't commission based as i spend a lot of money and they don't deserve the bonus.  The store is also extremely tight and laid out really badly. Its so difficult trying to squeeze past all the other customers who also arent being served and the queue for the checkout is also queued down the already tight aisles.  On being served the SA asks if you have an account with them but can never seem to find it so you need to give them all of your details again and they set you up with a new account. This takes a good 5 minutes and they never seem to have a correct sized bag. Its only ever the massive one they have. For one lipstick it seems impractical. Even if you buy 20 things the small bag would suffice.  I don't think the shop carries much selection. After being to the American stores this one is small and a little bit disappointing really. Plenty colors but just limited unlike the USA stores.
