5 Colby is great and if you are in this area be sure to check it out. You won't regret it!! CrossFit is one way to know you are working at your best and this place is nice. Can also get nutrition help there.
5 Everyone should check this place out!!! Amazing trainer Colby and Collin Very friendly atmosphere!!!!very very welcomingyou wont be dissapointed!!
5 This place is AMAZING! I visited every cross fit in a 15 mile radius of my home over a one mother period and went to each of their classes, met their people, did a workout with them, looked at their prices, etc... and this place beat everyone else hands down.  For starters the place is huge.  They have top of the line equipment and you won't feel held back ever with your cross fit or fitness goals.  Then there are the owners.  They are AWESOME!  Colby is very calm and kind yet knows how to bring out the best in you and push you without overly pushing you.  He is very committed to safety so all that stuff you hear about getting hurt doing cross fit just isn't a concern here.  As long as you are honest with yourself about your limits you shouldn't get hurt.  The other owner Colin is really fun and has so much positive energy that you just feel good being with him.  Then there is Paul, or "T" as he likes to be called.  He is the nutritionist there and he is very knowledgeable.  That was a big selling point for me as I feel that nutrition is so important to reaching your fitness goals.  This place has the whole package.  I love too how they don't do contracts.   I want to pay each month and come because I love it and want to come, not because I got myself into a contract and can't get out.  These people know they have an awesome place and they don't need a contract to keep you coming back.  You seriously can't go wrong coming here!  I'm so grateful I found them.  Now instead of doing an hour of weights, 30 minutes of cardio, and practically no stretching, I'm getting it all done in an hour WITH stretching and I feel better and stronger than before.
5 Top notch CrossFit gym. Programming is some of the best and the coaches know what they're doing. They properly go over all the movements and scale according to your level. I've dropped into a lot gyms while traveling and highly recommend this one. I've recently switched to this gym from the good experience.
