4 First time visit. New to this location. Will be very excited if this location does well.   Impressed with my first visit. Had the Arizona Burger. Would have liked more jalapeños, but was good. Fries are thin cut and crispy. Will try the smash fries next time.   Jury still out to see if they can maintain this level. But I am a fan now!!
5 Beer and a good burger at a reasonable price.  Everyone leaves happy.  Service is fast and the food is very good for a burger joint.  Very good for a franchise.
5 I hate to give a chain this good of a review, but these burgers are thick, done, juicy and really darn good. The sweet potato fries where really good.   Smash fries were a bit greasy but still very good. We will go here for burgers. We had the avacado and bacon and wow, very impressive.
4 I was pleasantly surprised, I usually stay away from burger joints as the food usually sucks. The burger was juicy, tasty, and worth the price. The smash fries had olive oil and were also tasty. I will go back.
4 I was really impressed with these burgers. They're a notch above other fast food joints. You usually have to go to a sit down restaurant to get a burger like this, thick juicy and absolutely delicious. The staff was friendly and fast. Make sure you order some Smash Fries!
4 Food was fantastic and service was pretty good overall. Just wish the price of building your own burger didn't cost so much.   1/4 of an avocado is $1 and three slices of bacon $1...shakes are pretty good and the fries ate really crispy! If you get the "veggie fries" be warned they are fresh veggies that's are quickly fried (ask if you can get them a little more well done).
4 Great burgers! Would give 5 stars, but I feel that they are a tad pricey. For three people (2 burgers, 1 meal with burger) came to over 33 bucks! Taste is very good though.
4 I love Smashburger.  This one forgot my bacon on my Cobb Salad.  But I love those burgers.  Can we please get one in South Chandler???
3 Here now for the first time. Just had the regular (5oz) Arizona burger with sweet potato fries and regular fountain drink for a touch over $11. The big patty is 7ozs. Service was friendly and efficient.  Burger tasted good but seemed a bit greasy. Fries were hot with a decent crunchy exterior. I would place them above McDonald's & Burger King and below Five Guys.
4 Great burgers and fries, going to try their shakes for the first time.  They also give military discount 25% best anyother fast food place.  The BBQ is the best burger ever.
