4 I love Cracker Barrel they have something for everyone. Service is always friendly just once we had a problem where we had to move from our original table because they sat us down accidentally then they took over 8 min for us to get our drink order taken. We had to get the managers attention.   That will still not change my mind about how awesome this place is. We completely stopped going to IHOP and Denny's this place is so much better. Their blue berry muffin is one my favorites. Their pancakes are made out of cratch! I mean you don't get that out of a franchise.  It feels very cozy and welcoming.
5 For a chain restaurant focusing on Southern comfort food, Cracker Barrel is as good as it gets.  You get quality food, reasonable prices, great service, a shop in the front where you can buy candy, souvenirs, and tchochkes, along with friendly,  sort of down home, roadside atmosphere.  Those of you from CA need to stop at a Cracker Barrel while you're in AZ as there aren't any at home.  Not every Cracker Barrel is created equal, and the service at the Buckeye location knocks the socks off the one in Goodyear.   I had the grilled catfish, potato casserole (cheesy potatoes), fried apples, and biscuits.  Everything was excellent and the catfish portion was bigger than I've found at other locations.  If you open up your biscuit and put some of the fried apples on there you've made yourself a biscuit apple pie.  Oh yeah!
4 Came to visit my pops and he suggested this place, well done, well done. . I recommend the campfire beef,  seasoning was exquisite on the meat and veggies.  My dad got the granola pancakes I was impressed. The decor is lovely,  antiques everywhere and cozy ambience. I also like their little store good knick knacks and candy. The only bad thing was we waited a while for our food, the waitress was nice it just seemed a forever wait to indulge our food. Will definitely come back :)
5 My husband and I had a great lunch here as we passed through town. I had the chicken campfire meal and my husband had the chicken BLT both were super tasty and served up quick and hot. We will stop here again anytime we pass through.
