4 I had never heard of "The Habit"...until I noticed one of their outlets on Cactus Road...So much for  them being in existence for 40 years...I had no clue of their very existence...  And then another habit popped up, this one closer to my house - so I gave them a chance - funny enough they moved in on the same turf than In & Out at The Promenade where Baja Fresh used to be, right next to Flo's...  The former Baja Fresh space went under quite some transformation to resemble somewhat of a chic burger joint with lots of wood, comfy side booths etc...to give it a homey feeling...  Cutting down to the chase...the food, the staff, the concept: The menu offers everything from their specialty charburgers to salads, sandwiches and shakes and malts...The staff was very friendly and helpful...After realizing that I had misordered my burger as I wanted mine wrapped in lettuce, I was told "No problem, where are you sitting ? and we'll bring it to you.."...Wowzers...!...it was scrumptious...  And as much as  I enjoy In and Out, I must say that Habit's take on my lettuce burger is just downright wonderful...the meat patties and the lettuce cups are bigger and everything just seems even fresher...
3 We have dined at The Habit when we lived in California, and know they serve great food.  Here, food would have been great if the staff member taking our order (Maureen) would have stopped talking long enough to listen to the order.  Very rude, and ultimately proved to screw up a simple order in two of our three burgers. We will go back, but I hope management will train counter help better.
3 It's almost as good as In and Out only you pay more....oh, and the fries aren't as good.
4 The burger was delicious. It was a little busy with not a whole lot of tables but when your food is good that isn't really something to complain about. And even though they were a bit busy the food came out in a timely manner. The price wasn't too bad either.
4 The grilling of food over an open flame is almost 125,000 years old.  And, the Habit Burger story is an interesting one. http://www.habitburger.com/story/  Yet the charbroiling of hamburgers and chicken is a cooking technique that many fast food places have yet to master.  Until now that is. We came here this past Saturday and came away thinking, Wow.  The menu is very familiar.  It will remind many of "In 'n Out" in it's simplicity and style of service.  Their Char-burger is $2.95 and the Double Char is $3.95. I don't know if you can order it animal style, but the burgers are delicious.  Yes, delicious.  It has that smokey char-boiled taste down to where you will want lick your fingers.  Other grilled Habit Burger sandwiches include, Chicken for $5.75, Tri-Tip beef $6.25, as well as Veggie options and Albacore Tuna.  The Sides include French fries, Onion Rings, Sweet Potato Fries and a salad range in price from $1.85 to $2.65.    Besides a side of salad, Habit Burger also has six different Specialty Salads to choose from, ranging from a Garden for $3.95 to a Santa Barbara Chicken Cobb for $6.95.  A couple of burgers, a side of sweet potato fries and a drink ran us $12.68, including tax.  Wow.  Less expensive than "SmashBurger", slightly more than "In 'n Out"; but a lot better tasting.  Nice.  Enjoy!
5 I went to Habit Burger for the first time today. I thought the burger was excellent and the price (for North Scottsdale) was reasonable.
4 I was sad to see Baja Fresh leave this space, but having a Habit Grill instead def. cushions the blow!  I hadn't been to a Habit before, and I was impressed. I'm on a healthy kick, so i ordered their veggie burger and a caesar side salad. The veggie burger was good - it was admittedly a pretty standard veggie patty, but the whole wheat bun was good, and there were enough other items on the burger to make it feel substantial - pickles, cucumber slices, tomatoes, and onions. (I had hoped it would be a thicker made-in-house patty, but no such luck. Ah well.) The salad was fine - it felt like the right amount for a $2.25 side salad.  All in all, i'm sure this will be a new stop in the lunch rotation. Also, extra bonus points for having A-1 sauce out for use. More places should do the same!  (only negative for me is that they seemed to have decreased the inside seating with the build-out for this place.... so if it's not patio weather outside, you may want to re-think coming here during the heavy lunch rush.)
4 Went back tonight, and service was much better.  Our order was correct, and the food was great.  The place was clean.  They are in a tough area, as they aren't visible from the road, and In-N-Out is in the same complex, and Smashburger and Five Guys are two minutes away from this place.  I wish the parking was better, but are happy they opened in Arizona.
5 This place tastes amazing!! I ordered the #1 - The burger was flavorful and was topped with fresh veggies and nicely grilled onions caramelized to perfection. I normally don't eat a whole burger anywhere I go but devoured the entire thing.  The French fries tasted great as well. Nice and crisp and not overly oily like some places. We will definitely be back!
4 Went to The Habit with my husband & sister  after a movie one night. Their hours were good...open till 10pm (I think) and the staff was very helpful & friendly.  The food was good...hard to stand out & have the BEST burger in the area with so much excellent competition so close.  I would recommend the sweet potato fries instead of regular fries   Also, I tried to go there for lunch Friday but the line was out the door & around the building....so they must be doing something right!
5 For only being open a few weeks, this store did wonderfully, from the service and cleanliness, to the food. Excellent job!
1 I had to remove my other review because first impressions can be wrong.  AWEFUL!! Went with my parents and the rude young girl taking the order messed every burger up! Went up to complain and nobody would listen they kept their heads down and never made eye contact with me. So I came home and wrote a letter. I gave them a week to get back to me and still no reply. Don't go if you want your order screwed up and you actually want to enjoy your dinner.... We won't be going back to the Habit, ever again.
3 After some manly garage door work I stopped over at The Habit Burger Grill to check this place out. Seems like they have a great patio and decent indoor seating, but I can see indoor seating being a tough ticket during the lunch/dinner rush. I was there at 2pm on a Saturday and indoor seating was tough to get.  I had a burger and thought it was okay, nothing special. Although those onion rings that I didn't order looked awfully good. I see this place along the FLW Corridor as option #3 after Smash and In-n-out. Contrary to popular belief, the pricing at Smashburger is just as good or better than The Habit.  But it's always a good thing to have some competition in the area so I hope this place lives long and prospers.
2 I'm not one to sugar coat it, this is getting two stars instead of zero because they have amazing brewed unsweetened green tea. The burger was just "meh" at best as the only way they say that they can cook it is medium well. It was tough & dry but covered with everything but the kitchen sink. They also neglected to put in the order for my sweet potato fries, the gal apologized and said she would bring them but never did.  Fail.  I wouldn't bother with this place again personally...
3 There was a bit of a line when we went in, which shows how popular this location is considering it was 2:00 p.m. on a Sunday.  The line moved quickly though and we found a table outside to our liking.  You are handed a buzzer that goes off when your food is ready to be picked up at the counter.  It only took about 5 minutes for our buzzer to go off for food pick up.  I had the teriyaki char burger with cheese and he had a regular char burger with cheese.  There were a TON of toppings on both of our burgers - lettuce, tomato, mayo, pickles - plus mine had the teriyaki sauce and a grilled pineapple.  It felt like too much for me, but it was nice for him, so totally a matter of taste!    I didn't love the teriyaki char that I ordered.  The pineapple actually had very little flavor, which was a touch odd.  The fries were good though.  I scraped most of the toppings off since the burger itself was on the smallish side, so the toppings to meat ratio was off.    Overall: B- Next go around I'll try the standard burger with cheese added!
2 I wanted to try Habit as it was new to me. Although the reviews weren't raves, I stopped in for lunch. The service was fast and friendly and the location clean. I did think it was pricey for not having table service and the food was ok. I had the mushroom Swiss. It didn't appear that these were fresh mushrooms and the cheese had an odd texture. There is also a difference between a toasted bun bad one that so getting stale. It was pretty firm. I'm glad I tried Habit but I'm not sure I would return even with a coupon or special offer. Just think there are better $8 lunch options.
5 Great burgers very fresh great toppings and a awesome price  very and clean inside and the service very quick
1 I wanted to try this place to see why's theres a line out the door. I was told by the order take that it's always busy on Friday's . So I too stood in line for about 5 minutes placed an order for a char burger, no cheese and onion rings plus a coke. I waited another 7 -10 minutes and my "buzzer" went off indicating my order was ready. The young girl at the counter tried to give me cheese burger, french fries and a shake. I told her that was not my order and gave her my receipt she said "oh, oh okay, said something the the guys cooking and then wrapped up a burger and onion rings and off I go. A few minutes later I  was home and ready to dig into my burger, only to find that I had a cheese burger with bacon and barbq sauce, tomato,mayo,pickle and UGG! I hate meat on meat!!!!!!! I took the burger apart to try to eat it and then to top it off, it's not done! still pink !!!!! Great, live and learn if you want a good burger, go to Culvers!! Best burger in town, fast friendly service. I tried to call to speak to the manager but the only number is the "order taking" department which is not in the building. Some annoying guy kept saying  "just tell me what happened and I'll tell the manager to better serve you he can call you back" I left my number and it's been 3 hours and still no phone call. I realize now the reason the line is out the door is not because the burger is good or at the least the service is accurate but because they charge $2. 58 for a hamburger!
4 Considering the (very low) prices & good serving sizes and flavor options/combos...I give it 4 stars. I had the mushroom burger & it was delicious. Their shakes are also good.
3 OK hamburger stuff - yea, just OK.  I'll go to Five Guys in a heart beat before I return here.  The burger was decent; the onion rings I'd rather forget.  Oh - if a Five Guys isn't around point me at the closest Culvers
5 I have to admit, the name of this restaurant is perfect.  I have developed a habit for Habit Burger.  The lines are out the door at lunch time.  I see why.  And I will wait in the line every single time!. Habit Burger takes burger making very seriously and they are perfectly charred and the veggies are cold and they even have fresh grilled onions to add.  The fries and onion rings are amazing.  I cannot think of one bad thing.  Great service, happy employees, clean establishment and I am addicted!
2 For the price the quality is sub-par.  The fries are McDs quality, the bun is as well.  The meat is above McDs.  I would much rather hit 5 guys or Smash.....and in-n-out.  If i were to name one burger joint that it was comparable to is maybe Culvers, fast food slightly higher than a McDs or BK.
4 Had seen this place all over town and decided to try it randomly as I wandering through North Scottsdale. I kept it simple with the $3 burger and no sides. It wasn't a bad burger - they are fresh and not frozen and the burger can be cooked well done or too order which is different than fast food. Every chain has a thing going on and I felt that the addition of carmelized onions on my burger at no charge (automatically included) was the key difference in making this burger stand out. The bun was also squishy and fresh and it was a fast eating burger. Onions are the key to success here and worth another trip, but not worth waiting in line.
3 Good flavor to the meat but the fries and sandwiches themselves are missing the wow factor that you get from Five Guys. Just a slight step up from In N Out for more money. I give it an overwhelming meh rating.
3 Surprisingly good.  The charburger was tasty, their fries are above average and the price is very fair.
5 Yum! Always busy and that's bc they have sweet potato fries!!!! Great service and yummy hamburgers!! Plus they provide vinegar!
5 It's a hamburger sports bar, but it's a good one. I think the staff was a little overwhelmed on NY's day and the upcoming game, but they ralleyed and the food more than made up for everything. We had the animal fries and burgers. I loved my burger. They have some nice combinations. I'm glad they don't have one of these in my hood, but if anyone is in the area, check it out!
4 I'd love for managers to read this review.   My husband and I get to go orders on average 1x/week here. Every time we have to provide our full card number and expiration date to place a to go order.   I understand if the restaurant has been burned by no show carry out orders but can you please do a frequent buyer program?  Also, placing our card on file isn't an option either in my mind. As someone in financial services, I'm not inclined to believe the security on software is something I'm comfortable leaving my cc with.   That being said....still amazing, cheap food & shakes. We keep coming back even though it's a pain in the butt to order.
5 The staff is always super friendly and you can get burgers anyway you can imagine. There isn't much more you could ask for in my opinion!
3 There are so many burger joints in this town now its nucking futs.  In & Out is in the same parking lot and I am going there for sure next time.  Habit had some good burgers.  My dad and I both liked what we had but both thought there are many better burgers in this area.  We both liked the toasted buns, fries, and rings.  It is worth trying but I am not going to be running back.  On a side note, they should really include the cheese in the price of the burger.  They upsell everyone and that is bs to not just include it.
4 Went here with a friend who had never been to a Habit.  The cashier was quite knowledgeable on the menu and what the differences were between the original store and this one.  We ordered a couple of cheeseburgers and a side of fries and one of onion rings.  The food was great.  We arrived early and by the time we left there was no inside seating left.  They have a large patio but that is not much help on a December evening.  They have enough floor space they could add a couple of small tables or high tops in the center but at peak it might interfere with folks getting to the condiment/soda station
5 I tried the albacore tuna burger on wheat bun. Excellent. The fries are big and crispy and the chocolate shake very  chocolatey. Next time I'm getting the onion rings. They have several iced teas all unsweetened that are very tasty as well. I also will try the vegie burger at some point. We still will go to In and Out but the fries are thin and sometimes undercooked and the chocolate shake really not much chocolate flavor. And no onion rings there either.
4 I came here with my co-workers and have always wanted to try this place out.  With so many hamburger shops opening up every where, I was a little leery if this was as great as I have heard.  After ordering at the counter, we received a pager that would go off once our food was ready.  They have a "chili" bar with all kinds of different chili/peppers along with your normal ketchup and mustard pump stations.  I ordered their regular hamburger meal that came with fries and a drink which was $6.99 plus tax.  I was impressed!  The fries were hot and crunchy and perfectly cooked.  Hamburger wasn't out of this world, but was tasty.  I'd come back.
3 Place was very nice, and very clean. Awesome staff. A little bit over priced compared to most burger spots. And the burger was a little small to me, I enjoyed the burger, but I definitely have had better. The fries were good, but nothing special. I did like the place but the value wasn't quite there for me.
4 I have always enjoyed being here. I have had great meals.  Friendly staff
4 Today I had the grilled tuna ceaser salad very reasonably priced and good the other day I stoped in and had the grilled chicken sandwich also reasonably priced and tasty
4 One of my wife's friend's suggested we try this place.  Last night we finally tried it.  Let me put it this way...  I've been a loyal customer at the nearby In N Out burger place.  My future burger business will now be 100% at The Habit Burger Grill.  They beat In N Out it quality, menu selection, taste and are comparable in price.  I ordered the hamburger with 2 patties with everything on it, cheese included.  First, the patties are much bigger than the In N Out patties.  The whole burger itself is bigger and tastes better.  My wife got the grilled chicken sandwich with bbq sauce.  She said it was a little too salty, but I'm sure we can make a simple request and have that issue fixed the next time.  I got the onion rings, something I prefer over fries that In N Out doesn't even offer.  The onion rings were crispy and great with ketchup.  And if you're wondering, the Habit Burger Grill easily beats Smashburger also.  But I've never been a fan of Smashburger and think they're way over priced.  I wish they would offer a frequent customer program, something like order 10 burgers and get the 11th free.  (I'm changing this rating from 5-stars to 4-stars due to the experiences of my 2nd visit.  My hamburger was overly salty, similar to my wife's chicken sandwich being overly salty during our 1st visit.  They need to practice better quality control when seasoning their burgers and sandwiches.)
2 So....  Where to begin. Let's start on the burgers as it is in the name of the restaurant. They were severely underwhelming. With an overall 4/5 stars I expected at least mediocre. I was, if you didn't catch on yet, disappointed to say the least. The burger patties and seasoning was mediocre at best. I was asked if all the toppings including grilled onions were OK when ordering. Sure, I gleefully replied. Who doesn't like grilled onions? If you don't like them, stop reading your taste buds are broken anyway. Well grilled onions turns out to mean raw diced onions that just barely touched the grill. They were warmed, sort of, but still very much a raw onion. The buns were lacking and produced no memories good or bad. The burger had a very standard, fried burger flavor overall. On to the fries. Not much good to say about those either. More than half were greatly overcooked. Seasoning on them was also extremely inconsistent. Some had no salt, some were so salty I got instantly dehydrated and needed to have IV fluids. The other thing that bothered me (that's right you get more complaining) was the workers. I am all for skirting around my job functions and hanging out with friends but the location they decided to do this was strange. There was literally no one else in the restaurant besides my friend and I. The workers decided to hang out right in front of the drinks, ketchup, and pepper area and talk to each on on either side of the counter. I patiently waited until my burger was finished to get my fixings hoping they would move. They did not. I had to say excuse me while holding my tray to get ketchup. You couldn't pick a place to hang out that wasn't in the way? I mean seriously the entire restaurant was empty...  Needless to say at this point, I will not be going back. Two stars only because I did not get sick.  Well at least not yet.
5 The service was very nice and very quick.  The burgers were beautiful.   The food was all delicious.   I got the BBQ bacon burger and my wife got the Santa Barbara burger.  This place will definitely become a "Habit".
