5 All-Star Grooming is fantastic! I was a long-time customer at Linda's former location and was thrilled to see her back in the game. My dog, Daisy, has had food allergies and major skin issues as a result (recurring staph, itchy, flaky skin), for YEARS. We've tried prescription food, holistic food, repeated antibiotics and nothing has helped long-term. The Vet said Daisy should be bathed as often as possible (prescription shampoo) and All-Star Grooming became our twice a month destination!  Daisy now has soft, beautiful fur again and her skin issues have cleared-up as a direct result of Linda's advice and Elizabeth's grooming talents.  Everyone there is so friendly and they really care about your dog. I trust them completely and never worry about Daisy while she's there because I know she's in loving hands.  If your dirty dog needs a good bath and some TLC, All-Star Grooming is the place to go! Just can't say enough good things about them.
5 Very knowledgeable and friendly staff. My dog was treated great and looked fantastic too. The facility is great and the washes were very reasonably priced. I'd strongly recommend All-Star if you're in the area.
5 This was a fantastic experience for us and the dogs! They took such care and really made us feel welcome. I would recommend them time and again!
5 The absolute BEST groomers I have ever taken my dog to!  Kind super dog loving staff, these people knew how to calm a nervous dog, (mine) who is 15 and very scared of haircuts.  They treated her so kindly and she was calm enough to let them do her nails, which amazed me.  The owner has some extremely friendly golden retrievers, who run the desk and work behind the counter.  I would recommend this place highly.   Many happy customers came and went with beautifully groomed dogs.  The owner loves dogs, she is a sweet lady and the dogs love her and the staff.  Really A+++ five star rating.  Don't go anywhere else!!   Terrific!!!Nancy Y., scottsdale Arizona
5 I've had a lot of dogs, and have been to many groomers.  However, I have finally found my home at All Star Grooming.  I have two girls (long hair hyper chihuahua, and stressed out toy poodle).  Going to the groomer has always been drama - until I found Linda and her team at All Star Grooming. They love getting their  hair done - I love how they are treated, and how they look...and, I no longer have to look for another groomer.  If you want your "family" treated well, looking great and a fantastic staff to care for them, then this is the place for you too!!   Maureen
