4 Excellent menu. The black and bleu burger was good, sweet potato fries are excellent! The server was slightly inexperienced and a little bit slow but not bad at all. Going from "good" to "Great" service would make this a five star location. They have a good kids menu, and the burgers and sandwiches have a variety of buns and bread available. Even the regular fries were good they were prepared with the salt. A bunch of little details make this a good experience
1 That's interesting. I wrote a review earlier today and it has since been deleted.  I gave this place two stars, but now am giving it one star because somebody deleted my previous review.  We ordered our food and it took more than 20 minutes get it. The waitress apologized for the delay but it still took a very long time to get our food.  My order was luke warm to cold and I did not finish most of it because it was so cold.  When the waitress came back to check on us, she did not even ask how things were. She simply took our plates and and asked if we wanted dessert. If you are considering going to Funk's Pub, you should reconsider.I certainly hope that this second review of mine is not deleted by someone.
1 And now for the third time, my review of this lousy restaurant has been erased.  Gee...I wonder why?  So let me make it short and sweet: slow service, cold food, and dark, dreary atmosphere.  Don't waste your time or money here.
1 We ordered our food and it took more than 20 minutes get it. The waitress apologized for the delay but it still took a very long time to get our food.  My order was luke warm to cold and I did not finish most of it because it was so cold.  When the waitress came back to check on us, she did not even ask how things were. She simply took our plates and and asked if we wanted dessert. If you are considering going to Funk's Pub, you should reconsider.  In fact, don't go here at all!
5 WOW. All I have to say is for AMAZING and high quality bar food, stop here. We got a few things, one being the chicken nachos. I have never in my life tasted something as good. I went in expecting poor quality bar food. We know some of the servers (real great guys) and we were going for support. But will be going back for the amazing food. We were advised the chef there takes the menu really seriously. Everything is handmade with lots of thought into the dishes. I can't wait to go back.
3 Literally found this place by accident while searching for Thai Noodle. Dudes - get some signage on that building!  - Funky parking lot; huge snow banks in front of business make it difficult to determine entrance + Tons of parking in said funky lot, even with aforementioned snow banks  + Long bar, plenty of seats + Numerous high top tables, all six seaters + "Dining" area seating near back of establishment in a cool little nook-like area + High ceilings lend to an open, airy feel + Numerous flat screen televisions make for easy game/event watching + Decent sound system - A bit noisy - even with a minimal crowd, it was difficult to chat comfortably  + Decent tap list, reasonable prices - "Master tap list" is on chalk board that isn't anywhere near the bar; it's located behind you  + Bartenders were friendly and fairly attentive + Fellow patrons struck-up small talk; were easy to hang around with  + Has a nice looking stage with what appears to be a house band set-up  + Food looked decent; we didn't have anything to eat. Maybe next time.  I could see myself returning to try more of this place. It has a cool feel to it; time will tell...
5 Food and menu choices were excellent and very reasonable. The 3 times I have been there when it was busy, the service was over the top fast and friendly. I will go back, period.
4 Food and drink was great. Service was good. Dart league? Right by the door and our barstools. Super unfriendly and awkward.
1 The waitress and/or the kitchen screwed up both our orders on a slow Saturday afternoon. When I said I just wanted to pay my check and go, they were telling me they had a corrected order ready for me. How do you cook a new burger in 5 minutes? Never going back.
4 I've been there on Monday nights for a few weeks in a row for 105.5 Triple M's Project M, and I love the atmosphere. Nice stage for live music. Plenty of TV's. Staff is very friendly. Delicious sweet potato fries!
3 This place used to be Namios.  The menu hasn't changed.  The food is decent, but it's nothing spectacular.  When Funks took over, they did some remodeling and added a stage. There is often live music which is fun.  They seem to draw in a lot more people than Namios brought in.   There are lots of tables, and plenty of space for a big group. There is also a long bar with plenty of seating.  TVs are everywhere, so you can watch whatever game is on.
3 This was place was ok.  The waitress was great but the patrons are rather trashy which is what turned me off to this place.
4 I teetered between 3 & 4 stars.  The beer selection is a bit thinner than I prefer at a bar.   However the burgers were quite tasty.   Also had a side salad with their homemade ranch.  Yum.  Granted homemade ranch can make fresh roadkill taste good.    Yes, I'll. admit we ordered the creme brûlée.  I know what your thinking.  At a bar?   Keep thinking that.  It wasn't bad.  But, it's creme brûlée at a bar.    So given above it sounds like a three star.  Factor in the good service by the waitress that reminds me of Sarah Palin this place deserves a four.    Order a burger.  Have a couple beers and enjoy.
