5 I frequent the adjacent market and live around the corner, so I stopped in for a lunch AYCE this week when I noticed the construction was finally over and the "Open" sign lit up -- and had a tremendous meal. I've visited 7 or 8 sushi places since I moved here 2 years ago -- at three of them MANY more than once -- and Daisho has already cracked my Top 2. Also, I have not seen a $19.95 price for AYCE Lunch anywhere else in Vegas - and now a sign in the window today promises 50% off rolls and AYCE for their Grand Opening (I did not get any further details as they were not yet open). Given that I work 11pm shifts, "Lunch" is my late-night feast :-)  Wherever it's offered, I always start out with an Ahi Poke... If for some odd reason I got to a sushi AYCE and suddenly wanted NO variety, I would just order four or five Ahi Pokes. This one had the perfect boldness and sesame backdrop. I had a few nigiri yellowtail, nigiri salmon, and a wrapped roll with avocado and shrimp. Then I realized that this was an un-planned stop and I shouldn't try to eat what I would when I prepare for an AYCE. So I called it a day.  I can't wait to go back. If you live in the area or are just visiting, you should have it at LEAST once.
5 the food is amazing..I don't know what should I write..maybe 2 words is enough. amazing,unbelievable.this is the best Japanese restaurant.u try it u love it!
5 Sushi was bomb! My first time in today, will definitely be back.  It's very clean and staff is awesome and friendly
4 Note to self: five rolls of sushi are too many.  Thanks to their grand opening special where regular rolls are 50% off, I find myself sitting here super full--much fuller than I expected anyway. It sounds like the special pricing will be ending any day now. Still, their regular rolls are very reasonably priced (from $4.50 to $6.50).  I (over)ordered the Alaskan, Eel, Salmon Skin, Spicy Scallop, and Spicy Yellowtail rolls. I didn't care so much for the Spicy Scallop and Spicy Yellowtail, but the rest was good. The simplest and cheapest turned out to be my favorite (the Alaskan, consisting of salmon and avocado).  I'm happy that we finally have a nearby sushi place for lunch again. $20 AYCE for lunch is a good price. I just don't have that kind of time. I'm eyeing their lunch specials menu for next time.
4 Yay! for new AYCE.... Didn't have time to try Diasho's AYCE but menu offers a nice variety. Nigiri: there's super white, blue crab, uni, fatty albacore Appetizers: poki, yakitori, miso black cod, fresh oyster, hamachi kama Noodles: udon, blue crab fried rice, yakisoba Dessert: fried banana, banana split   There's a variety of rolls. Tried a few regular rolls since its 50% off grand opening special. Enjoyed an inexpensive late lunch. Look forward to trying again soon. Nice decor, clean, friendly staff, good food.
5 Daisho Sushi is a moderate drive away from me (located in a large strip mall on the corner of S. Eastern and E. Warm Springs), but after making my way across town to try out their Dinner AYCE sushi, I am definitely a fan and considered the drive here well worth the effort for good food.  As the restaurant is still relatively new, they were not all that busy tonight (plus it was raining, and you know who people here shy away from driving under such precipitous conditions). So after being seated at the sushi bar, it was pretty much just me and Michael K here at the ~70 seats capacity sushi restaurant giving their menu a taste drive.  We started off with the usual limited to one per person orders:  Uni, Sweet Shrimp and Blue Crab nigiri, they were good.    We also gravitated towards their APPITIZERS section, and had ordered: * Salmon Collar (the salmon was so tasty and naturally fatty, it was amazing, like having "Kobe" salmon) and Yellowtail Collar (cooked just right and I really enjoyed it with and without the accompanied ponzu dipping sauce)  * Yaki-tori (skewers): Bacon wrapped Enoki Mushroom, Bacon wrapped Quail eggs, Bacon wrapped Asparagus.  At other restaurants you can order just skewers, paired with responsible consumption of beer and sake and call a great night out.  I really enjoyed these.  * Shrimp Bomb (it is like the Jalapeno popper with shrimp and crab, but without the jalapeno).  * Miso Black Cod - tasty!  Insane in the membrane that this is in the AYCE line up!!!  * Tuna Poki - the poki are prepared to order, not something that was made hours ago and left marinating in the cooler.  * Yellowtail Poki  SPECIAL ROLLS: * Star Fish (No Rice) made with Yellowtail Tempura, Daikon and wrapped in Tuna, finished with Wasabi Oil, Ponzu and Scallion.  (Recommended)  * Johny Roll (No Rice) made with Crab Meat, Shrimp Tempura wrapped in thin strip of cucumber and finished with Spicy Yum Sauce.  * Wild Fire Roll (No Rice) consist of Tuna, Spicy Tuna wrapped in Soy Paper, topped with Albacore and finished with Garlic Sauce.  * What's Wrong Roll (recommended by Chef Michael) made with Shrimp Tempura, Soft Shell Crab, Green Onions, Masago, Spicy Yum Sauce, topped with assorted fish and finished with Screaming Orgasm Sauce.  I could totally put away more food, but I have an appearance to make at Bacchanal the next day and thought I take it easy and just finished the meal with some Fried Banana with Ice Cream (it was a nice finish to the meal, but nothing that blows me away).  Totally satisfied and very impressed with the food we were served tonight.  There seems to be a handful of new sushi restaurants opening in Las Vegas recently, and most have had positive reviews thus far. So if the other freshmen sushi restaurants are as good as Daisho Sushi (which I now easily considered in my top 3 Las Vegas AYCE sushi restaurant list), the rest of the old guards will have good competition to keep everyone on their toes.  That is good news for all the diners out there.  Note:  Aside from AYCE sushi, Daisho also offers a la carte items for lunch and dinner in addition to their lunch and dinner specials.  And dinner starts from 4pm until closing.  Pricing are very competitive for AYCE (especially lunch, which does not seem to have a reduction in the selections available).  About the Chef: (kernels of knowledge gleamed from small talk during our meal) Chef Michael is from New York. His parents own a Japanese Ramen, Yaki-tori (Japanese skewers) and Sushi restaurant there.  So even before moving out to Las Vegas and working as one of the sushi chefs at Blue Ribbon Sushi (inside The Cosmopolitan), he was already familiar with the competitive restaurant business. So finally opening Daisho Sushi here in Las Vegas, just seems like the natural path of progression for this passionate young chef in a new city he now calls home.  (Haha, I sound like his autobiographer).   5 stars!  But as words spread and more and more people learn about Daisho Sushi, and the restaurant undoubtedly gets busier, I hope they can keep up with the projected increased interest in their restaurant and the food they serve.  Good luck Daisho Sushi!!!  And I will definitely be back and bringing friends to tryout the amazing food I had earlier tonight.
5 It has been a really LONG time since i've been really wowed by sushi. I came to a point in my life where I really questioned whether or not sushi, in general, has become perpetually trite. After visiting Daisho, my opinion of sushi has changed. This is now my favorite AYCE sushi spot in Vegas, and what they are doing here is surprisingly wonderful. Here's why:  First, after walking in the door and being seated by the server at the bar, we were given our menu's. They had the expected items you would see on any sushi menu, but after looking at the appetizer menu, you can tell that these guys are trying to do things distinctive. We had the AYCE menu for 25 bucks, and Tony T. and I started our voyage through this unique menu.  Note: We tried a great volume of items, so I would probably max out the 5000 character limit on Yelp reviews by describing only 1/4 of what we had. There was zilch that I didn't like on menu, but there some dishes that are especially noteworthy.  : Salmon Collar/Yellowtail Collar - This was unbelievable. I was totally blown away, especially by the salmon. The first time I had collar of a fish was at Yonaka, and it was wonderful. On the other hand, the collar at Daisho completely blows Yonaka's out of the water!!! Wonderfully tender, with the natural fat sustaining the moistness of the fish, personally (especially with the salmon), I thought I was eating foie gras. It was prepared with an expert hand, and cooked with precision.  It absolutely melted in the mouth. I'm still thinking about it.  : Uni and Ikura (salmon roe) nigiri - Freshest and highest quality uni and salmon roe i've ever had, EVER. The uni had a delicate, but firm texture, and had a clean taste. The same goes for Ikura as well.   I FINALLY found a place that makes sushi rice correctly!!!! A great deal of people think that it's effortless to create great sushi rice. What folks don't realize is, that in world-class sushi restaurants, sushi apprentices and beginner trainees spend 3-4  (or more) YEARS learning just how to make rice, before they are given the permission to touch a piece of fish. Making sushi rice in itself, is an art form. And these guys nailed it.  A small footnote: This locale is great for low-carbers. There are more than 5 rice less rolls and plenty of apps that do not contain starch or rice, including collar, poke, oysters, yaki-tori and more!!
5 It's only been open over a week and I've been here over 5x already really good and the staff is friendly... Sushi is fresh and doesn't take to long to get In front of you also everything taste great highly recommend coming here.
1 Worth it to come here, they don't have full items when we asked. Not available or they don't have it yet , we came here twice already. We went for ayce lunch and dinner cuz some items it's available only dinner, good service, too bad their food so slow   Even tho it's only a few table, sushi chef too loud and we keep waiting and waiting for our food but not coming we heard server call to check our food and other customer table as well.  Wow. Wow. They need to fixed it.
4 Pretty good sushi, I'd say the quality was comparable to Sushi Mon for AYCE.  Like any all you can eat place, some of the sushi was really good while some of it was not so great.  I would imagine that the quality of the fish probably varies from day to day, but on this particular day the Salmon, Mackerel, and Halibut were particularly good.  I'm really not a fan of american rolls, but some of my friends are so I got to sample a few.  They were better than I expected, but I can't really compare them to other places since I'm more interested in sushi personally.  The cooked foods were also good, and everyone in my party was happy with their food.  Given the location and the large selection of nigiri, I'll probably make this my regular AYCE sushi place from now on.  If they start having special daily selections like Sushi Mon then I'll definitely make it my regular AYCE place.
2 *This visit was just THREE days after Tony T.'s and Michael K.'s 5-star experience....  Before meeting up with the gang for some Bingo action at South Point, we decided to get our sushi on here after hearing that they had good nigiri, kick-ass appetizers, and that the head sushi chef was from Blue Ribbon inside the Cosmopolitan. Already with high expectations and an appetite for destruction, we sit up at the bar, go all-in with AYCE.  We start off with both the salmon and tuna poke. The salmon was good, but the texture of the tuna was kinda suspect...gave them the benefit of the doubt, and ordered up some nigiri- Uni, Blue Crab, Fatty Albacore, and Amaebi. "The Amaebi is not good...too small" says our sushi chef......OH....KAY??? "The tuna is good" he says...so we put our trust in him, and dig in. Uni is good, Blue Crab is sweet, but the tuna lacks its glistening fresh appearance and again, I'm hesitant, trying the Fatty Albacore which looks butchered and is barely cold, almost body temperature...I chase that bad feeling with my Iced Green Tea, then I ask where the tuna is from...his answer?  Hawaii...after tasting the mediocre tuna, I knew for a fact that it did not come from the 808 State and that this knock off sushi chef was playing me for a chump! I much rather have had that smaller Amaebi, but then again, who knows how fresh that was!?  Little did he know that he was messin' with The Goyemonstah......  Little did he know that the Goyemonstah was born and raised in Hawaii AND worked at a fishmarket with some of the best tuna from our own waters...  and VERY little did he know that The Goyemonstah wanted to reach over the display case and.....Never mind!  We ditched the nigiri section and ordered off the appetizer section-Miso Black Cod, Hamachi Kama, and a few Yakitori-Bacon Wrapped Quail Eggs, Bacon Wrapped Asparagus, and Bacon Wrapped Enoki Mushrooms. I expected Yakitori items and the grilled fish items to arrive on separate plates, but what we got was a pupu platter complete with orange slices delivered by the former Blue Ribbon sushi chef himself with everything on the same plate! The flavors from the Miso Black Cod and the  "Ha-Ka"(Half of a Hamachi Kama, not to be confused with the war chant that the New Zealand All Blacks perform before they prepare to kill the opposing team) all blended with the Yakitori which was a big fail in presentation. They probably tested the other half of the Hamachi Kama for freshness? We ordered a some scallop, salmon, and saba nigiri, still just okay, and the cure on the saba was barely evident.  I order a Shark's Tale, Wild Fire, and What's Wrong? Roll. The Shark's Tale mentions tempura snow crab...it is tempura imitation krab. Wild Fire Roll was okay and the What's Wrong roll was swimming in sauce and was alright. I think our Yuzu Sherbet and Green Tea Ice Cream were sadly the highlights here. No half rolls allowed until your last order, and only one dessert per person FYI....  Shady quality of fish, lack of presentation and witnessing lots of shortcuts(they don't make their tamago, and soft shell crab is fried, chopped, and prepared way in advance-YUCK!) does not warrant a return visit here....ALOHA!!!
5 All aboard the hype train! Daisho has earned it.  I was a little hesitant to give this place a try after reading about Nelson Q's sub-stellar experience, but Jenn P. was pretty enthused and convinced our group to go. After a quick workout to get the juices flowing, I met up with everyone at this new potential mecca. Even though it was early in the afternoon, I had an idea (from another AYCE place) to ask if we could pay the dinner AYCE price so that we could access the more lucrative menu items. They said yes, so we said yes. Well worth it, as I'll explain.  A few miscellaneous things to note: HD feeds are available on the TVs, one at the bar and one in a corner. The menus, at the time of this review, are marked with both # and * signs, and the # signs only indicate that food may not be cooked blah blah warning. The * signs are the 1 per person, dinner-only items, and that includes black miso cod, the two types of kama, oysters and some other items. And yes, they have fresh wasabi, so ask!  We loaded up on appetizers and one-per-person items in the first round. Our server was so thoughtful as to repeat every single item of our large order, and he did the same thing on all the subsequent orders. I'm giving big brownie points since not everyone, no matter the type of restaurant, will do this. (Disclaimer: you may not get the same server. Sorry.)  The speed could've been better. We were definitely hungry, and it took a while for them to start bringing out the items. It's not like the place was packed - maybe four other parties? But I suppose there's a decent amount of cooking time needed for a lot of the appetizers, and I see the logic in bringing out the appetizers first. After all, they're appetizers. We weren't unhappy at all after the food started coming out though.  The presence of yakitori appetizers is pretty awesome. We just ordered yakitori items involving bacon, which will play an important role near the end of this review. Bacon enoki was brought out first, and it was beautiful. It's just a massive mouthful of mushroom and meat mounted on a skewer. Don't be appalled at the alliteration. Also, we thought the okura in the bacon okura was okra, but apparently it's asparagus. I expect some interesting odors later tonight...  The star appetizer, however, had to be the miso black cod. That sweetness with the moist fish and the distinct saltiness was a relevation. The yellowtail collar was a close second, and it was also tender and not overdone or burnt. I'll have to try the salmon kama next time - we just didn't get around to trying that one. Oysters, mmm... forgot to max out on fried oysters, but did max the fresh oysters. I suppose if one appetizer was a letdown, it was the the snow crab tempura. It's surprisingly  good, but it's still imitation crab, so I would have appreciated a warning of some sort.  All the usual suspects were represented on the nigiri menu. We ended up with blue crab, uni, amaebi, super white, fatty albacore, yellowtail, garlic tuna, salmon, and unagi. The latter was surprisingly not as dry as I've experienced at other places. As with the appetizers, most of these were good or great experiences, although this was certainly not the best uni I've had by far (sorry, Michael K). I think the amaebi was a bit softer than I'd like, but it had no off flavors and wasn't mushy.  The last non-desserts we ordered were some rolls without rice. We took the Wildfire, a 6 piece semi-spicy "roll" of albacore on tuna, and the Las Vegas roll, with came in a hollowed cucumber "wrap." Both were pleasant, and I'll definitely try the other ones next time so that I can get away from the all-too-filling rice.  Here's the story you don't want to miss. So we still had some bacon uzura (quail eggs) sitting around at the time that we had our desserts brought out. (Did I mention that our server was nice enough to have the dessert delayed until we had finished our rolls? What a guy. Anyway...) I had only finished some of the bacon uzura (aka breakfast without the toast) when our banana splits were presented to us, so I did what any reasonable person would do. I unwrapped the bacon and put it on top of my banana split. The picture should be available here for your viewing pleasure. You're welcome, food hackers of the world.  By the way, it was pretty good, although I would've like the bacon to be more crispy and less chewy. Take what you can get, I suppose.  I did not find any critical errors that truly detracted from the deliciousness of the AYCE feast. I enjoyed most if not all of my food. That's enough for five stars from me. I guess I'm a little easy, but given some of my qualms coming in, I could not be happier.
5 Had ayce lunch ($19.95ea) for two here on a Sunday noon and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant didn't have very many patrons at the time we came in, maybe five or six other tables aside from us so service was super fast.  Our food was being delivered almost faster than we can eat them, old plates being taken away just as quick, and our beverages never less than half full.  The facility was also sparkly clean as what you can expect from a brand new spot.  We were able to sample the majority of their nigiri and found them to be very good overall.  The fish were as fresh and had a good rice to fish ratio.  They do seem to make the nigiri a bit smaller than average, which I appreciate since this gives you the opportunity to sample other items on the menu and not get full too quickly.  I also feel that you can get a better taste of the food if you're mouth is less stuffed per bite.  We also sampled a good number of their yakitori and totally loved each one.  This is probably what sets them apart from other ayce joints.  Sure you can find yakitori elsewhere but their bacon-wrapped yakitori items here is exceptional, one of the most flavorful I've had in recent memory.  We also had both the salmon and yellowtail poke and thought that they were good too, though nothing compared to poke from poke express.  While there are plenty of ayce sushi places in the valley, there are only a handful that are really worth going back again and again.  I'll have to go back here again to be sure and to evaluate their consistency but Daisho sushi looks like a keeper to me.  I would rank this place in the same class and category as Yama and Goyemon in overall food flavor and dining satisfaction.  The best part of it is that Daisho is slightly cheaper in that lunch is only $19.95 and dinner $24.95, where the competition charges 1-2 bucks more.
5 I love it here !  I saw daisho a couple weeks ago and was not very intrigued to go in . The neighboring buildings did not complement or compel me to eat sushi. Until one day (Friday) I was rather hungry and found myself driving to what ever caught my eye. And I saw that daisho had "regular rolls 50% off" and I do love my sushi and especially for 50% cheaper :)    At first viewing daisho from the exterior I did not find it very appealing . However when I walked it , I was presently surprised. It's interior is so pretty and the people were incredibly nice .   I am writing this review for the 2 times I visited daisho and both times they met my expectations and exceeded it.   The first time i got 4 regular rolls for $10 because it was BOGO free. They were okay but because I'm used to special rolls and haven't had a regular roll in ages .  The second time I went I went for the AYCE and OMG the choice in appetizers was ahhmaaazinng. ;) SERIOUSLY, your gonna give me salmon Kama? They also had skewers and I love bacon wrapped enoki mushroom however they did not cook it to my liking . And I was disappointed cause I was really looking forward to it. I'm scared of eating raw pork (because of my biology class). However everything else was really good ! I thought the food was about an 8 on a scale from 1-10 . But the thing that got me was definitely the service . I had jenny and Michael. Jenny was our server and she was so sweet and helpful. She was unfortunately the only server that night due to some mishaps she informed me about  but she still rushed to serve with a smile on her face .   So if you want good AYCE sushi, and excellent service that's cheaper than other places daisho is for you !
4 The location is great! The story behind the chef is inspiring and I'm glad to support a local business owner.  We had dinner tonight and the service was incredible and the staff were very friendly.  The food was good. The Daisho Fried Rice was a big hit at our table and I highly recommend it. The portion size was enough for the three of us go share, along with other entrees. I will be going NA k to try some sushi rolls next time around.
4 We went here with a group of Yelpers. Honestly, I was having second thoughts about this place since the reviews seem inconsistent but with Tony T's guidance, we seem to have picked the right stuff from the menu. There were a few hiccups so I can't give this place shining 5 stars.  I tried the miso black cod, bacon-wrapped enoki, bacon-wrapped quail eggs, bacon-wrapped asparagus, yakitori beef, salmon poke, tuna poke, oysters, salmon skin handroll, uni, unagi, salmon, garlic tuna, amaebi, salmon collar, hamachi collar, Wild Fire, spicy tuna cracker, Starfish, fried bananas, red bean ice cream and yuzu ice cream.  5/5: I love bacon so obviously the clear winners for me were the bacon-wrapped quail eggs, asparagus and enoki mushrooms. Also, 5-star worthy items like oysters, salmon nigiri (super good!), Wild Fire (tuna, spicy tuna, soy paper, chopped albacore in garlic sauce. NO RICE) and Starfish (yellowtail tempura, daikon, scallion, tuna in ponzu and wasabi oil. NO RICE). Yuzu ice cream - I haven't been to an AYCE sushi restaurant that serves yuzu ice cream.  4/5: Salmon poke, tuna poke, garlic tuna, miso black cod (reminds me of Shiro's in Seattle), amaebi, salmon collar, spicy tuna cracker, fried bananas (get it with vanilla ice cream and well-rendered bacon topping) and salmon skin handroll (crispy skin).  3/5: Yakitori beef, uni (was a little bit watery), unagi. Hamachi collar was charred on the outside but undercooked on the inside. I was craving for some shrimp tempura. Melvin ordered it but it didn't look so promising and he said it was just ok so I didn't bother ordering it.  They give you real plates instead of the usual sushi plate and they'll give you a clean one if your plate gets really messy. The chef/owner kept checking on us and gave us beer on the house. After ordering 6-7 hamachi collars and 6-7 salmon collars, the restaurant smelled like smoke they had to keep the door open.  The service was great but I'm not sure if it's because we were with Tony or if it's because we're Yelpers or if it's because that's just the way they treat all their customers. I would have to come back again to figure that out...eventhough this is far from home, I wouldn't mind coming back here. $20 for lunch (11am-4pm) and $25 for dinner (4pm-close) and the food is pretty good. And no, they don't have pork belly.
2 OK, so I am reviewing my bank statement making sure everything is ok and I find a suspicious charge that I am unsure of.  Thinking it may be this restaurant I call to ask the manager what the charge would come up as under a banking statement, as often the name of the restaurant is not the name of the company doing business as the restaurant in question.  So the woman who picks up the phone does not only not want to hand the phone over to the manager/owner, but asks who is calling, I say "one of your customers, I am just trying to figure out if the charge I have on my bank statement is correct"  and she says all of a sudden he is not present at all.  I said I would call back and she asks well "why are you calling?  Do you want to order?" I say no I am calling to figure out if a charge is correct, her response; "Well who is charging you? What statements are being made?" I politely tell her she doesn't understand the proper meanings of these words, so I will call back later when the manager/owner is back.  She says: "He wont be back for a few days.... Would you like to order?"  Wow.  I will never come back here again for not only being treated this way when I am trying to be polite and just talk to the manager, but also for the fact that she won't let me talk to the manager, and third for accidentally finding out that this is the type of place where if you need the owner's/manager's help correcting or verifying a transaction that this is the sort of response you would get.  On a side note: the food was ok, I have had better, but since it is literally across the street I would be here every few days.... not anymore.
4 Definitely a solid 4 stars for Daisho Sushi!!!  We usually don't venture out to this side of town but after seeing so many delicious pictures posted by @aznttboy on my Instagram feed, we had to come check it out!  Came on a Saturday morning so we pretty much had the whole place to ourselves.. Nice clean & open space. They are located in the same plaza as Walmart-neighborhood.   My boyfriend went with the lunch AYCE while I paid a couple bucks extra and went with the dinner price.. I wanted to sample all the special 1per person/dinner only items.. -Oysters / were good! -Yellowtail Poki / came on a bed of seaweed salad and was very good! You can also get tuna or salmon poki.. -Miso Cod / buttery and sweet! watch out for the bones though! -Yakitori Skewers / we got bacon wrapped asparagus, enoki mushrooms, quail eggs & the tuna... These things are huge.. 2 sticks come in 1 order so don't order too much! Bacon anything is delicious although I would have liked the bacon to be a little bit more crisp. -Nigiri / Everything was decently fresh and we didn't run into anything horrible but the standouts for me were the scallops and fatty albacore! mmmmmM -Wild Fire Roll / (no rice) spicy tuna, tuna, albacore & soy paper.. Loved the presentation!  -Miso Soup / seemed a bit watered down & they don't offer the option to add the shrimp head to it. -Dessert / we had the standard green tea ice cream & yuzu sorbet.. hopefully they add some more creative desserts to the menu!  Service was fast from our server although sometimes it seemed there was a language barrier but he was very efficient. The sushi chef who helped us was nice and kept the conversation going and the food a-flowing.. Forgot his name but he likes to play golf and he is from S. Carolina LOL  HOT TIP: Ask for a stamp card!!!!  Watching what you eat? No problem, they have like 6 non rice rolls + several fish only appetizer items.
5 Another AYCE sushi joint in Vegas??    The reason why I am giving them 5 stars :  Yakitori is GREAT.  Asparagus, Enoki, Quail Egg...all great!  Great sauce, great cooking consistency...yummy!  The Apps...some great ones here.  The Ahi Poke was plentiful and fresh, Oysters were smooth and also fresh tasting, Sake Kama was delicious and cooked perfectly (unlike the Hamachi Kama).  Nice to change it up a little besides just the run of the mill sushi.  The ROLLS.  I don't usually eat rolls...I am more of a nigiri guy myself.  But the few rolls I tried actually impressed me!  They aren't completely drenched in heavy sauces, and have lots of flavor!  The ones I enjoyed most :  Starfish : Yellowtail Tempura, Tuna, Daikon, Ponzu, and Wasabi Oil. Delicious!! Best "roll" I had here, especially since there is no rice!  I'd order this every time I am here!  Wild Fire : Spicy Tuna, Chopped Albacore, and Garlic Sauce. This was pretty good...lots of fish in each bite.  What's Wrong Roll : Shrimp Tempura, Soft Shell Crab, Masago, Rainbow Fish, and Screaming Orgasm Sauce. I liked this roll as well...the soft shell crab adds a nice taste and consistency.  Overall, the nigiri was also fresh and tasty.  I enjoyed the Uni here, Salmon Belly, Garlic Ahi, and Hotate.  Good cuts!  Finish off with some Plum Ice Cream! I enjoyed this much more than the Yuzu...good stuff!  They also made us some bacon ice cream...good!  Very clean restaurant, and the servers and staff were very fast, efficient and friendly.    Pics :
1 First off let me say that this business is notorious for sending hate mail when the reviewer/customer does not rate this place highly.  Now let me save you the trouble by saying that I will not read hate mail so don't bother as I am sure you will also not bother in making any necessary changes for ALL patrons to be fully satisfied when dining here.    We came here on a Saturday evening and it was completely dead which was the first red flag.  We had heard good things by a few peeps so we decided to give it a go.    We started with a few skewers and a kama  or I should say half of a kama which were all crowded all on the same plate thrown over a bed of cabbage accompanied by an overpowering smelly orange slice. AWEFUL!   Everything we ordered looked nothing like the pictures we saw on yelp. No wonder they frown on picture taking.  So disappointed that I stopped at the second order and could not go on.  It gets worse ...the "sushi chef" also kept shaking his head NO on certain items suggesting they were not of good quality. I noticed that my husband kept ordering other items as if trying to convince himself that it couldn't get worse...but that's all they serve here and he soon realized they just could not be saved.  They also do not offer half rolls and offer 1 dessert per person and with too many restrictions at an all you can eat joint makes for a very un-fun experience all together.   There is just way too much competition out there and you unfortunately only have in many cases one attempt to cause a good first impression with me. GOOD LUCK!!
3 This place is a solid 2.5 so I have to be fair and round it up to a 3 star...  a.  Location - 5 star - On the southwest corner of Warm Springs and Eastern, very accessible from most parts of the valley. For us, it was a 10 minute easy drive from Henderson.  b.  Ambiance - 2 Star - A bit spartan in terms of feel and decor, however, that is cool. I would say the music was both loud and obnoxious.  Not sure how / why you would want your clients to dine in loud punkish modern music that is neither food for the soul or nurturing.  It was also loud enough that it nearly impeded conversation.  c.  Service - 2 Star - We got here at 6:00 and ordered two Bento type dishes and two AYCE sushi which comprised of about 5-6 choices.  Took about 50 minutes to get the first sushi after the two that had the Bento type boxes had theirs for about 15 minutes. I find that rather odd.  Also, when I asked for hot Green Tea, I was advised that they did not have green tea, but another kind.  I asked....is it Genmaicha and she came back with the little sweet tea bag that said genmaicha.  Well, I think I am a bit stuffy tea drinker because I like this type of tea in it's real form, a whopping two teaspoons of loose roasted rice and barley and tea leaves in a pot to steep and all the flavors of this very tasty tea.  Coming out of a tea bag..... nah.  d.  Food - 2 star - besides getting to us so late, here is the dealio:  - Bento Box with Teriyaki Beef - The beef was so dry and thin and overcooked and over sauced, it tasted like Costco Teriyaki Beef Jerky dipped in soy sauce. Wow. Both over powering and salty.  - Amaebi - This is a special dish I love because of the fresh raw shrimp and then the fried shrimp heads.  Where were the fried shrimp heads?  Come on, you cannot serve this dish half axx.  This is totally a boo hoo disappointing disaster.  - Maguro - I love to have Maguro Nigiri Sushi with a thin slice of lemon and thin slice of jalepeno. It really makes the taste perfect.  When you serve this with a SPAM size chunk of lemon and jalepeno, it actually over powers the Maguro and well, nigiri is all about complimentary and simple flavors, so this was a complete miss.  I had to remove all the lemon slices and jalepeno to make the maguro edible.  - Miso Cod, Hamachi Collar, Star Fish, Daisho Roll, Wild Fire, Mexican,   All the rolls were edible and uninspired. It did not help that they serve these sushi on huge American size platters instead of smaller plates that match. It was hard to fit plates onto our table, and it was very unappetizing.  e.  Overall - 2 star - really?  Food was barely adequate. Not prepared properly, Japanese is all about presentation and the food was poorly presented.  I was really shocked because after reading the review s I was raving to go celebrate my BD at this place and instead, I felt more like I compromised.   Worst part is that the place was empty for about 40 minutes and service was poor, then it was packed as so many groups came in, I had to go from shy asian boy to obnoxiously loud demanding diner boy and keep pushing for service, food and the bill...  I was shocked!  DAISHO in japanese means big victory or soaring large.  This place needs to change its name to something else....  GK says, OK, I was a year older and depressed.  Go check this place out.  I will come here again and give it a second chance. It was all me the first time........ Fried Shrimp Heads, here I come...
1 let me started with this place, we came to this place again to give them a chance but still disappointed again.. food so slow and server at night time, seem like they dont care the customers, we re waiting almost 30-40 mins no one came to take our order....one of my friend had told.. they've never come at night unless" my favorite server available ", " he's told us he's only work lunch cuz he works some where else at PM"  they had good experience and warm care taker and sweetness they 've ever seen, as huge order he's always repeat the order before given to the chef.  first i didnt believe about what my friend say about that sever .. i came with my wife and dining.....wow... he was incredible...follow up our food pushing chef to get our order.. no matter how busy it was.. our food right in to our table just mins and water or tea.. never close to empty.....we have best experience with great service in our life even though the food not the best but service its hard to say.....luckly we came at the lunch time and busy ....me and my wife wont come back at night unless this guy work  thank you so much for best of good care of us
2 AYCE Lunch is not worth it. I know alot of AYCE sushi places have "rules" but their rules makes me not want to come back. One of them being that we can't order half rolls until (as the waitress said) "the end when you're too full for full rolls"... umm... what??
1 I came in for take out so I can't really comment on the service or any other menu items.  I can however comment on the sushi.  The prices are great, at the time of this review they were running a 50% off all sushi.  "You get what you pay for" is certainly how I felt after my first visit, which in this case what not a whole lot.  The sushi rice was not properly cooked, mushy on the outside, crunchy on the inside.  The rolls are thin, not rolled tight and lacked any of the usual cucumber/avocado or toppings/sauces.  The tempura was definitely NOT made to order, hence not crunchy but rather stale, the California roll had nothing but imitation crab, again no cucumber etc.   I was rather excited to see this place as it is conveniently located on my way home from work. Sadly, I will not return.
5 First time Daisho sushi. I love this place   Good food and good Price.   I will be buck !!!
5 Amazing and friendly !!our service is always top notch. We used to dine at Sushi-Mon every time , that was until the first time we came here and haven't looked back since!! This is the spot to try!! Don't let the last 3 terrible businesses located here change your mind!! This place is remodeled and completely cleaned up!! Fresh fresh fresh , what else do you want at a sushi bar!!
4 So I decided to make Daisho my last sushi spot before I cut back on AYCE sushi meals for awhile D': I've abused this whole all you can eat sushi privilege since I moved to Las Vegas a year ago and it's finally catch up on me. Le sigh.  Anyway, I decided to go with Daisho since it's the new buzzing spot on Yelp and I had to see what all the 5 stars were about.   - Decor -  To start off, the decor is mediocre. Nothing too special, but they have time to improve that later in the future and doesn't really affect my overall experience. The plates they provide are regular large circular ones you would normally find in any other restaurant that isn't serving sushi. Merh, I guess I'm just more used to the traditional small rectangular plates.   - Nigiri -  I can see why the majority of the ratings are 5 stars. The fish is the freshest I have tasted in awhile from the AYCE options. I feel like since sushi restaurants give you the option of eating as much as you can possibly can for a mere ~$25, they can serve not so high quality products. But I must say, the hotate (scallop) was delicious, and the uni was the best I have tasted in Vegas thus far. I've never had so much uni piled on one piece of nigiri. I was actually really shocked on the amount I was given. However, that was the only nigiri where I felt spoiled. Although the fish they serve were all fresh, the slices were really thin. HA! THAT'S WHERE THEY GET YOU! I knew it was too good to be true :( I guess you really can't have your cake and eat it too, oh what a world.   - Rolls -  Moving on to the rolls for those who don't care much for raw fish. Their rolls are surprisingly the biggest reason I'd come back again and again. AND I NEVER SAY THAT! So good news, they offer half order rolls, bad news is that you have to wait till your 2nd or 3rd round till they allow you that privilege. I love their 'no rice' rolls. Basically everything you would typically have in a roll except instead of being wrapped in seaweed it's wrapped in cucumber, and of course no rice. The one time I actually enjoy a roll, they put a restriction on it and say it's only one per person :( All the other rolls you are welcome to order as much as you like. They have a huge variety of rolls so if you're a roll lover, you've hit the jackpot. One thing I must make note of is that if your go-to roll is the spider roll... order the 'Godzilla Roll'. Their version of the Spider Roll incorporates lettuce (why??). The Godzilla roll is the usual Spider Roll you'd find at any other sushi restaurant.   -Appetizers, other items- Something I really enjoyed about Daisho that really sets it apart from other sushi places is their selection of appetizers. Quail egg wrapped bacon, asparagus wrapped bacon, and mushrooms wrapped bacon! I wasn't very fond of the "fresh" oysters since they were warm when they got to our table. There are many other items to make up for it though.  All around, not bad, not bad at all! I'll definitely be taking out-of-town friends here who are more into rolls than nigiri here.
3 We came here for lunch, our "first time experience". The room is nice the chairs were comfortable.  I had the special roll combo. The rolls that I selected were pretty tasty and the size of the rolls were perfect, not to large and not loaded with rice. The special came with "salad" and miso soup. The salad was not salad at all. It was a ramekin of shredded cabbage with a small drizzle of dressing. I found the miso soup to be weak.  My wife had the salmon tempura combo. The salmon and tempura were tasty but it came with a similar "salad" as my combo. We both ordered hot tea. This tea was so weak we wondered if the bag had been reused and we were surprised to find a $2 charge for it on the receipt.   The overall value was fair for what we received. There certainly was no home run hit here and we left smelling like deep fryer oil. If you have another sushi spot, stick with it.
5 Came in for lunch and the room looks big and clean. Kid friendly staff and the food looks good and taste good. Check this place out!
4 Have visited two times and really enjoy everything!  The location is great and not busy.  The food always tastes great The prices are decent right now with their grand opening  The staff has always been great but I think they should talk to their guests more. In comparison to other sushi places, if they worked on this they'd get a 5 star!
4 Been waiting for a close sushi spot and this does the trick. Great prices & friendly staff. My only complaint is Ive been there 3 times and ordered the fried calamari but they dont have it. Not sure whats up with that. I will definitely go back and keep bugging them about it.
4 Great place.  Try the oysters, they are amazing!!  Great service and completely honest about whether each type of fish is good on a particular day.
5 This is our new favorite hang out. We've been there 4 times in 3 weeks. We had our niece's bday dinner here and it was perfect! Everyone is so friendly and it's a casual, comfortable atmosphere. The sushi is delicious! The baked mussels are the best I've had. The baked salmon roll was one of our favorites along with the Shark Tail roll. They serve beer and wine which is great too. Please try this out, it's worth it!
4 Keep forgetting to write a review for this place!!  Anyways, all I can say is that this place has top notch Japanese appetizers!! Was really glad they were part of the all-you-can eat menu. The fish they used for the nigiri was actually not that fresh.. especially the tuna.. it looked, funny. The size of the nigiri is also quite small compared to the other places around the valley but it didn't really bother me since I take small bites anyways. Service was excellent. The only problem was when we ordered the salmon collar. It was actually undercooked but they immediately replaced it with a new one so good service on that part. I probably wouldn't come back for all-you-can eat but it is definitely a place to take non-sushi lovers + sushi lovers since they have a larger variety of non-fish appetizers.  Appetizers to get:   -Miso black cod -Salmon collar - Yellowtail collar - Yakitori - Fresh oysters
5 This was the best meal i had in Vegas. Get the Godzilla roll! Only caveat is if you go all you can eat, you get charged for anything that isn't eaten. Luckily i had finished with a cheap roll so it wasn't bad. Just keep in mind and start with the expensive rolls and work towards the cheaper rolls and nigiri. The salmon collar was also delicious!
4 Great Time, Great Food, Great Service. I'm not one to write reviews but I had to for these guys. Had the all you can eat and was not dissapointed. Everything was spot on and the Chef behind the bar asked my girl and I if we like x, x, and x to which he then created something from those items. Get the Bacon Wrapped Mushrooms or Quail Eggs for sure. My Iced Tea was never below Half. And even though we were getting close to closing time they never mentioned or made us feel rushed to leave. Very good experience.
5 Love this place!  Tried it on a whim bcuz if Groupon and now we are hooked.  Amazing staff, great food. Highly recommend the yellowtail poki and the sunomono.  So delicious and unique.
1 Sushi - Mediocre Ordered a piece of fish and they gave us one with a THICK piece of sinew, tried but can't chew at all.  Rolls - Got their 2 most expensive rolls, they did not WOW us.  Service - Very good, guy came over and exchanged the sinew dish immediately  Over charging - Made mistake on the bill and over charge us, good thing we checked and they fixed it.  We wanted to like this place but 2 major mistake in a roll, it's tough to do.
5 Cheap, what more can you ask for? Tastes just fine fresh and I get like 6-7 rolls and seaweed salad for 12-15 bucks! Boom! Try it
4 I just tried Daisho today and I was impressed. My boyfriend and I had the AYCE dinner for 24.95 each. The quality of fish was pretty good. The owner actually was making our rolls because we sat at the bar and he is a sushi chef at his own restaurant. I thought that was pretty cool. The wildfire? Roll was fantastic along with the tempura snow crab. The friend  banana for dessert is so tasty! The menu was great. I felt like the nigiri menu had more items on it then most other sushi places. There were a couple of orders that we had to make multiple times before we actually got it. That is the only negative thing, but it can happen anywhere. I'll definitely be returning to Daisho.
3 I have to admit, I wasn't particularly adventurous with my ordering when I ate here last week. We arrived around 12:30 and the place was pretty busy. They are still offering their regular rolls for 50% off so I got a few off the menu to try. My dining companion ordered the lunch special, which was also a pretty good deal.   The fish was all pretty fresh and the rolls were made well. I would have given them 4 stars if service was a bit better. I know they were a little busy, but drinks went unfilled and our food came out slow. Their AYCE prices were reasonable and I have a Groupon burning a hole in my pocket, so I will be back. Looking forward to trying more items off the menu. Both the sushi and cooked items look enticing.
4 Love the fact that these guys are only a block away from our house!   Food is good too!   I love the bacon wrapped enoki appetizer  And of course our typical favorites we always get at any sushi place... Amaebi with the fried shrimp heads - MMM! Yummy!  Uni - my husbands fave Super White - so yummy and buttery tasting Salmon - like what you're always use to so good Surf Clam - always a must have  Rolls - We rarely have any rolls but when we do have them we are not disappointed   We'll be going back!
5 Great service and incredible menu. I lived the Rock n Roll roll. I highly suggest it. The all you can eat is great, but they don't do half rolls.
2 Okay I want to like this place and only giving two stars is really hard! The sushi was fresh and nice portions and the wildfire and sweet tomato are my new fave rolls.... But.... The service was below average. Felt uncomfortable there. And it didn't help that the guy, who based on other yelpers picks might be the owner was rude! I ordered a Snow White to him, he took my order then walked away. 10 min later I realized he wasn't coming back and didn't tell other chef about my order so I had to order it again. Our rolls were good but based on other yelpers picks who know him, we got short sticked on our presentation... I like the radish noodles with my sushi!  Then they don't do half rolls and with all you can eat there are so many limitations. I agree with other yelpers that with all those limitations I can go somewhere else! Only certain appetizers are included in all you can eat, you can only do one each of the rolls with no rice, and because of those rolls I had to pay dinner price at lunch time.  I really want to like this place as they had good selection and all. But I didn't feel comfy... When chef gave me attitude when I said most places have a tiger roll and it's good I was like what??? And they weren't very nice to my kid who loves sushi and loves sitting at the bar cause most places make it fun for her! So due to all that I gave two for quality of fish and selection but when I go out I want to enjoy myself!
5 I heard about this place through Groupon, & I'm so glad I did.  We ate here on a Fri from 6-7 pm & we were seated right away. Our server was very fast, attentive & friendly.  The food also came out super fast.  We ordered the daisho fried rice, beef yakisoba, shark's tale roll, gyoza (theirs is deep fried, not pan fried), & shrimp tempura.  Everything was deeeeeeeelicious & good presentation too!  The tempura sauce really stood out because it wasn't like the normal tempura sauce, it was a lot better - really flavorful. The food portions were a good amount for the price. They also have AYCE sushi. Happy hour is from 3-6 pm and 9-11 pm. Half off chef's special rolls. The lighting was nice & bright. I don't like dim restaurants where I can barely see the menu. I live far from this place, but it is worth the drive, so I will be back!
4 Great sushi rolls, soup, salad, and experience. A solid sushi option for those Vegas vacationers!
2 I usually try to give a place more than one try but I don't think I will be back.  The few rolls we ordered were good- Wildfire, Las Vegas, Stuffed tomato. Everything else was just meh...the miso black cod was tiny, the bacon wrapped enoki was limp and the japanese lasagna was the worst I've ever seen, they wrapped it in foil and it literally fell apart when we tried to eat it.  The worst for me was the amaebi that I had to send back cause they were fishy smelling and looked all gray instead of pink and clear.  The fresh oysters were not so fresh either, their only saving grace was the uni, at least that was fresh.  Yeah- Daisho, I tried you and you failed me...on to the next one...
5 1) first time i went there i tried the blue crab sushi roll, etc. REAL BLUE CRAB! 2) second time i went there i had the lobster sushi roll, etc. REAL LOBSTER!  3) third time i went there i tried the dinner combo. REALLY GREAT DEAL!   but service was "so-so" BUT the food made up for it in a big way!
4 Daisho just recently opened?  I am not entirely sure but I have been their twice so far.  Each time it has been fantastic.  The food is really well made and delicious.  The hot food are really good, and they have many things on the menu that many other places do not have.  The sushi rolls are pretty good.  I think there was one that was a miss but everything else was very creative and well made.
5 The best low key spot in town. The service is very good, fast, punctual, professional and respectful. Their serve timing is on point, the food is very delicious, fresh and tasty but most of all the staff is very friendly. My fiancee and I  have been coming here atleast 3 times a month. We highly recommend people to eat here plus 50% off selected Chef rolls and much more!!!!
5 I decided to come her for my birthday dinner and it was great! I came with two other friends to dine and right when we enter we were greeted and seated. Our server even tried to converse with us with I though was good compared to other sushi spots they don't really do that much. We went ahead and do the All You Can Eat one of the lowest price 24.95 dinner. Every thing was so on point and so good. We order a variety of dishes from garlic edamame, fresh oysters, oh and they have these skewers that you got to try! theyre basically bacon wrapped mushrooms, quail eggs and so far. The place was a good size and friendly staff would be back !
4 Good place if you're hungry, craving sushi & not wanting to spend a whole lot of money  $2.50 for 8 rolls is amazingggg as a sushi lover
5 This was my first time here. I had the Philadelphia roll and a California roll. The rice was very good and the sushi tasted very fresh. Service was wonderful. The only complaint would be that the rolls were very small. I don't know if this is standard or because they have a grand opening special with 50 percent off their rolls. That is only reason I deducted one star UPDATE: we went back for lunch again. This time we had a crunch shrimp roll and a California crunch roll. They were both seemed a lot bigger. Especially the California crunch roll. Very good and at such good prices!
5 We have gone here about 5 times now and it's our new favorite sushi place. They have good prices, great sushi, good service,  no wait, and we're always very comfy there :)  I love the paradise roll!  The fish is very fresh too.
4 Super friendly staff, chefs, owner! You are treated well, everyone makes you smile! The happy hour specials are a steal - allowing you to try different rolls for $3-4!! Draft beer was cold and delicious! Love this place!!
3 Been here a good amount of times with the boyfriend.  Let me just say it's different when it's just a romantic date and a night out with friends.   We come once a week to see our favorite server.   When we came this past Friday, yes I'm aware it's a Friday in lent and a lot of people come to this place for a meat free meal. We came right after the rush and our server just seemed so tired or something. I mean she did mention her last table was 24 guests!!!   We usually get too notch service when it's just the two of us but as a group it was a bit of a longer wait.   I wouldn't wait 45 minutes for it again. My friends were just insisting we stay because it was a lot of food.   I did notice though after about 30 minutes of waiting, our server asked us all if we wanted soup or salad while we waited.  In that time we had already seen 3 other guests that arrived after us already chowin down!!  So we ended up waiting and had shoved our faces with delicious food right after the server dropped it off.    Like I said, it's much better when it's just 2 on a romantic date!  We will be back in a few weeks. Just think we need a little break for now.
1 Went here Sunday @ around 4 pm with a total company of 4. Did the AYCE and started with   salmon poke -- it is mixed with seaweed salad. this i would rate 2/5, taste was ok but too much seaweed salad mixed with it.   uni -- it was good, 3/5.  amaebi (sweet shrimp) - 3/5.  lobster roll - 3/5, i did not taste lobster in it and the wasabi mixed in it overpowered it.  also ordered a couple of regular rolls like the scallop and salmon yum yum, 3/5-- all were room temperature which was a little weird.  what disappointed me was when i ordered 'rock and roll,'  i thought it was mostly sashimi of fish but it was fish inside shave cucumber -- mostly cucumber that'll fill you up moreso than the fish --  i did not expect it to be like that and ate all my fish, the waiter came to me and said "WE WILL CHARGE YOU EXTRA IF YOU DO NOT EAT the cucumber" so I made sure I finished all the cucumber.  i've been to a lot of sushi place and this was the first time this ever happened to me - i would have taken it better if it was said in a polite manner but no, it wasn't.   Steven, sushi chef- was amazing and tried making up for it (i told him ok, give me sushi that doesn't have a lof of rice in it) and he did-- but because i ate all the cucumber (rock n roll) i was so full of it, i couldn't enjoy any sushi anymore.  there was no manager that day so i finished off and left. I called the next day to let the manager know about what happened and she apologized, Apology accepted but I will never go back to this place -- there are TOO many sushi places in LAS VEGAS and for the quality and price -- I can easily go somewhere else and get an excellent service with the same caliber if not better, sushi.   in the end, i left super full of cucumber and very much disappointed. i would most definitely can give it a second try but my experience had me left with a bad taste in my mouth in more occasion than one.
4 Local sushi joint (like walking distance from my house) with an actually legitimate selection of nigiri. I'm not usually one for rolls, so I didn't check those out, but the list looked decent on the menu.  Bonus: $25 ayce for dinner includes rolls, nigiri, soups, salads, etc.  extra bonus: the grand opening is still going so it's half off all rolls
4 Always passed by and since my sushi places fizzled out, thought I'd give them a shot. Lazy Saturday in we order a few rolls and nigiri to go. Pleasantly surprised the rolls are on special and a great deal! I'm pretty satisfied for the price. It's clear I need to try the AYCE next time. They have a great selection of items to choose from and so much is included!( unlike most sushi joints) crunchy roll is very filling! This is pretty good sushi at grocery store sushi prices or even cheaper!
3 A-ok for ayce. No complaints. Nothing to rave about. A good choice to fill your belly.
5 Thumb up UP !!!.  Jenny ^^ There are lot of sushi bar...but I like this place.  BCS I like mike and jenny. they are not JP but try to making better sushi and better place to be pleased everybody! . Hey !! Buddy.  Don't miss this place.  I LOVE DAISHO.
5 Great food and a lot of yummy rolls.. The price is very affordable and the quality is great. I frequent this restaurant often..
