5 Amazing. Wow. This is vape lounge went above and beyond with making you feel at home. From the warm rich colors, to the poker table, pool table, chess set, it's just warm and inviting. They have a wide range of mods from egos to high end mods. Everything is displayed nicely with the price. Nice selection of e-liquid with more to come. If you are into rebuilding you can buy wire by the foot. Having a good time and don't want to leave but your battery is dying in your mod? They have a charging station. And if you are a newbie they are more than happy to help you get up and going. They have a great range of starter kits.   Customer service is outstanding. Friendly smiles and helpful attitude. They also have a card that after your 10th purchase you get 10% off. Forgot your card? No problem, if you charge it, it remembers you and adds it to your card for you. Great way to track purchases without having to carry another card around.   Really classy, well done and comfortable. The kind of place I would like to hangout and vape all day.
5 The guy who was working while I was in there (Dylan) was excellent. Went above and beyond to answer questions about things I was not even thinking about purchasing! We had a nice conversation about everything from genesis style RBAs to gas station e-cigarettes to each of our favorite juices. Even let me drip a bit of his own personal flavor :) (it was very good). Their juices are also extremely high quality, and reasonably priced. Everything, in fact, is very reasonably priced. I don't get why they're always so slow! Great atmosphere! Great employee, great owners (from what I hear from that employee) all over wonderful vape shop. No matter where you live, it is 100% worth the drive. Check this place out!  EDIT: Dylan is no longer employed here. All the other employees are equally as friendly and helpful. Just make sure that for questions on advanced vaping (mech mods, RDAs/RBAs, etc) you call ahead to see if Sage is there. Even if he isn't, it's still a fun place to hang out and share your obsession with others who feel the same.
4 Nice place. Was greeted by Dylan and he was a cool guy. They didn't have the equipment I was looking for however I will come back in the future. Dylan when above and beyond to answer all my questions. Great place
5 Coming from California, I didn't expect to find a vape shop so close to where I was staying. The atmosphere is absolutely wonderful. The staff is quite friendly and knowledgable with vaping. The flavours are awesome. My personal favorite is Andromeda by Space Jam. I was so happy they had it!! I love shops like these. It makes being part of the vaping community amazing. You see someone vape and you sometimes become instant friends. That's how I felt about the shop. Ask for Sage.
5 I don't know how I missed them for as long as I did. Really a shame since this is now my favorite place to go when it comes to vapor and even just to hang out for a while.   They have a broad selection of juices to try. Everything from your average US made juice, some Hot Rod vapors, and yes, even Space Jam. Millie will be happy to show you around and help you out.  Their selection of hardware, well, it's not as broad as you'll find in some smoke or "head" shops in town but they also don't carry any junk. It's all about quality, not quantity. The selection is still better than some of the smaller shops I've been to and they have those odds and ends you find yourself needing e.g.; adapters, coils, drip tips, and even inexpensive (but very good) clearo's if your dying to vape that new SpaceJam flavor but don't want to dump out your full Nova.   On top of all that the people are great and their prices are either in-line with or better than the local average and in some cases better than online vendors.
5 Amazing vape lounge/store I have been too thus far. Sage was the gentleman that assisted me, was extremely friendly and super helpful. He even helped me with a rebuildable I didn't even buy there! Amazingly nice people and made you feel like you belong there. They encourage you to hang out and enjoy their free activities like a poker table with cards and chips, chess, and billiards. They have complementary coffee and water, witch is awesome!! I recommend this place to starters and more advanced vapers!!
5 The first vapor lounge that I've actually wanted to "lounge" in. The older couple that owns the place were awesome. They really have a great outlook on the business. Also, they're honest and aren't just trying to upsell the hell out of a customer. The guy that I worked with was really patient while I tried about 8 juices. Also, a poker table? How cool can you get? I loved it! Best place in the Chandler area, in my opinion.
5 Great store.  Stopped in to see what they had and pick up a few bottles of juice. They've got a great selection that should fit every taste and pocketbook  It was nice to see they also carried some nice RDA/RBA's both clones and authentic. Once again this can satisfy everyone. I prefer authentic but know a majority of new people to the game aren't going to be interested in paying $80+ for an atomizer. speakeasy has you covered on both ends.  Solid selection, great environment, awesome eliquids and very friendly staff. That's a 5 star joint in my book.
5 This place is absolutely amazing, the staff went above and beyond, they were extremely friendly and answered all of our questions, and even helped with assembly and basic starter education. I highly recommend Speakeasy to anyone currently into vaping, or looking to start.
4 Great shop! The atmosphere is original, I've been to many vape shops in the valley and not seen anything like this. Pool table, poker table, chess, coffee. Very nice.  The juice and hardware selection is good. Staff is friendly & attentive. Will return.
4 Good place to get e-juice, particularly Mixology 5 Pawns. Okay prices, nice lounge area. Only reason my review isn't 5 star is that they generally are either understaffed, or their staff isn't efficient enough to keep up with customer flow. Tends to get backed up easily.
5 Great prices, friendly staff.  Way better than any of the shady vapor stores I've gone into.  The employees are not snobby about trying to sell you batteries that look like they are from Back to the Future and are always helpful and willing to let you try every flavor until you find a good one.  Will be making this my "regular" spot.
4 Nice staff and they let u try the flavors my favorite is the blue raspberry! They were very patient with me while trying flavors
4 This place is so cute & charming. It's a lounge.. So you can come in a play pool or cards and relax while you Vape to your hearts content. I've never actually seen anyone doing this, but the idea is nice.  They have a large selection of juice flavors and e-Cig equipment. Prices are comparable to other shops. I just bought a new battery and tank which are working nicely for me, I am happy about my purchase. However just looked online at the same set up and it was about $30 cheaper. This is a business and I understand they have to make money, so I'm not going to cry about it.   The staff is knowledgable and friendly. Plus the new guy who just started is pretty cute ;)
5 this is the classiest of vapor shops out there great service all the time
