5 Fabulous fast well priced - honest- great customer service ! Definitely recommend! Great location - he fixed in 20 minutes!
5 Had my iPad broken screen replaced. Awesome job! Recommend 100%. The work was done less than an hour and best price in town.
4 Went from a shatterd iPhone 5 to Like new in about 20 mins this morning. That in itself was invaluable to me as i had limited time to get to work.   The place opens at 10 AM but the owner (my assumption) was in early and had my phone fixed 30 mins before the store was even supposed to be open. They did an excellent job, the replacement screen looks and operates like just like the original one did when I bought the phone.   My only complaint would be that I called the store yesterday and I was told that I could come in today and that I would be charged $80 for refurbished glass , I informed the employee that I would be there at 10am SHARP today and I expected the deal that he quoted me.   Upon arriving today I was told that they don't have refurbed glass and that I could wait for them to order it or pay $110 for brand new glass. This is obviously very diff than what I expected and after a little back and fourth with this owner he decided to honor what I was originally told. So in the end I received brand new glass for the refurb price. The owner ultimately made it right, but this transgression cost them a star from me. I EXPECT TO GET WHAT I WAS TOLD and I don't expect to have to discus it, that level of consistency should be automatic.   Overall I had a good experience, the service was friendly and professional, I would return if I needed another repair done but I advise everyone to make sure they get EXACTLY what was quoted to them.
5 I Shattered my iPhone screen while on vacation and was so bummed out but found this repair shop and they fixed my screen in like 20 minutes!! I was so happy to have my phone back so I could hit the road with a fixed phone! Highly recommend this spot and it's much cheaper than the Apple store!
5 Fast repair and even stayed open late to take my last minute shattered iPhone 5 screen! Finished in about 15 minutes and was on my way. Will definitely be coming back next time my iPhone 5 screen cracks.
5 Fast, friendly service. iPad 2 turned out great. They have cases for a reasonable price too. I Will be back if the kids break it again.  Price was reasonable.
5 My baby is whole again! Had two iPad repairs and he managed to repair the cracked screens the same day I brought them in!
5 Service here was outstanding.  I dropped my iPad and needed to replace the glass.  He estimated 60 minutes and called me 45 minutes later when it was complete...good as new.
5 Dropped off my son's iphone 5 for screen replacement and they told me it would be 20-30 mins (sounded great).  The guys were friendly and actually got it done in LESS than 20 mins.  While paying $90 to replace the glass is frustrating, its WAY less than having the Apple Store do it and I didn't have to make an appointment or deal with a packed store.  While I hope I don't need them again, these guys have earned my future apple device repair business!
5 I did a general search on Yelp and decided to give this place a try since it had such great reviews. Another plus, at the time I looked up my review, there was a Yelp offer on this location, so even better, I used my $10 off deal, which is still far below what a lot of competitors are charging. I had my iPad 2's screen replaced in under an hour.  The guy was super friendly and really nice!! Forget Apple and their refusal to replace the glass-this is the way to go. Looks and works perfectly!
1 I'm generally a pretty easy person to please in terms of being a customer; a look at my other Yelp reviews will reveal that. So I guess, that should be enough indication that this place is to be avoided like the plague. Personally, I feel guys like these should not be allowed to be in business.  My LG G2 (7 months old) suffered a hairline crack on its screen and I decided to get it replaced at this place. The reasons why I opted for this guy was that this place was pretty close to where I lived and that he had pretty good ratings for Apple repairs. I repeatedly mentioned that it was a TMobile phone and that I wanted an exact replacement. He said it'll take a day. The next evening when I walked in, he nonchalantly handed over the "repaired" phone.  One look at it and I could sense that there were too many things that were wrong. The perimeter of the phone's case had been scratched as if a dog had clawed at it. The screen had a big "verizon" sign on it. The so called replaced screen had, at both sides gaps wide enough where I could insert my finger nail in between the touch screen and the case. I was aghast and asked him what went wrong. He ever so casually said that his "technician" had done it and that he did not have anything to do with it. I said I wanted it fixed right away to which he replied that his "technician" was on leave and that I had to wait 2 days for him to get back. He himself could not take up what the other guy had worked on, apparently.  So I went it this evening expecting the worst, and I wasn't disappointed. It looked like some 2 year old had tried mending the earlier mess ups. My phone had super glue stuck on both the sides to cover up the gaps between the touch screen and the casing. The scratches were STILL there and to add insult to injury this time, HE COULD NOT EVEN GET THE BACK CASE TO FIT IN PROPERLY!!!! And the guy had the audacity to tell me that he could not figure it out!!!!  If I could, I would've attached pics of his "WORK OF ART" and let you be the judge!! For this kind of shoddy work, he should have refunded me $640 - the money I spent on the phone. Instead he still charged me $100 giving me a "generous discount" of $20.  Not once did he take ownership of the issue, blaming it on a non existent "assistant". He runs the damn place, but could not even muster the courage to stand up  to a customer and say that he had messed it up and that he would at least not charge me since he caused so much more damage to my phone!!   I'm NEVER going back. And by the way, my phone still has a finger nail's gap between the casing and the screen, but I'm gonna let it be, rather than have this guy touch my phone again!
1 The first line of your response says that you suggested that I DO NOT get it replaced, but continue using it. In the very next line, you say that the phone was unusable. What does that tell me about your credibility??  While I respect your advice, you need to realize that it is my phone and my money, so once I decide to get it replaced, all YOU as a person who repairs it need to tell me is whether you are competent enough to get it done in a professionally acceptable manner. You were not doing me any favors by getting it fixed at the agreed price. I was PAYING YOU. And the $10 deal on Yelp is part of the price you advertised. So that was no discount!! Once you agreed to get it fixed, you needed to play by the rules, which you clearly did not!! You put on a wrong screen and most importantly you did not take care of my phone which I entrusted you with.  Let me tell you why I'm not accepting your offer to get the case replaced. How would you feel if some guy took your phone, scraped and scratched the casing and then offered to fix it if you were willing to pay for it. You took a perfectly fine phone (except for the hairline crack) and scraped and scratched the heck out out of it. And now you're trying to get more business from me?? You try to put the blame on me saying the phone was useless after the fall. You don't even know what happened to the phone and yet you make seemingly credible remarks. Bringing it once to you was a mistake. Your same incompetent "technician" is still going to fix this phone if I ever return and I'd never let him repair another phone of mine. This is the same reason why I did not take the offer to get my old screen back on, cos I could not imagine what ELSE he would end up doing to my phone while he took off the current screen and put on the old one.   And finally, a word to you. You run this place. And yet, not once but TWICE you delivered a product to a customer which was WAY below the standard of a deliverable. If you really took pride in your business, you'd have reviewed your technician's work and got him to do quality work BEFORE a product was delivered to the customer. Both the times, when you handed over the phone to me, you seemed to have barely taken a glance at the condition in which my phone was being returned to me, which as a customer is something that I cannot digest. When you told me  "I don't know, my technician did it", you lost my trust as a customer.   I'm done doing business with you!
5 Great service and at a great price! Very professional. Took great care of my ipad. I use it daily and had it back in the same day! Wouldn't trust anyone else with my baby. Thank you thank you thank you! Will be back if I ever need something replaced again!
5 My wife dropped her iPad last night and shattered the glass. Jumped online right away and found these guys. Dropped by this afternoon and in less than 20 minutes and only $90 later they had it fixed. LOVE these guys. Awesome job, great service, and great price. I would give them six stars but five is the max.
5 Art is awesome! For months I had been suffering with my iPhone 4's screen being in shambles, but then one day my cameras refused to open. One trip into the store and 30 minutes later, my camera was back and my screen was fixed! Simple as that. If you're looking for awesome customer service and quality work, this is place to take your electronics.
5 Went to the mall because that was the only place I thought to go to get a broken iPad fixed. I checked Yelp and this place had good reviews so I called. They were cheaper and said it would take 1.5 to fix. I left the mall and drove over.  When I checked in I go a coupon for more money off. I left and went across the street to pick up something. The whole process from checking in til picking it up was about 50 mins.  This place is highly recommended.
5 They did an excellent job on the repair of my iPad. They were also courteous and fast on the repair.
5 My iphone 5 screen cracked and I received my fixed screen back from Vinnie M. at the Tempe location, exactly as promised!!  Looks brand new and Vinnie was very helpful!!!
5 Very fast service. Easy place to go and get it fixed!
