5 Amazing sushi at a great price with personal service from the owner - It doesn't get any better than this!    My friend and I have been trying out different sushi places all over town, and stopped in for lunch at this relatively new spot.  We were welcomed with an enthusiastic traditional Japanese shouted welcome from the sushi chefs, and three steps through the door the hostess offered us a choice of two generous rolls from which to try a free sample.  We could barely emit muffled "Mmmmm!'s" with our mouths crammed full of the fresh, spicy, crunchy concoctions.  We were already delighted with this place!  I tried a Bento Box lunch.  With the Bento, you choose your rice (steamed or fried), your protein (I tried the tempura shrimp - YUM!) and your salad/veggies at the counter, then pay, go fill your fountain drink and sit.  By the time our butts hit the seats they were bringing my Bento Box with five steaming tempura shrimp sitting atop my selections.  Everything was fresh, hot, crisp and authentically seasoned (not the cheap, syrupy glop you get at mall food courts.)  It was more than I could possibly eat and it was only $8.  My friend's "tower" also came out impossibly quickly after we sat down, especially considering it looked like a work of art!  The good natured chef who prepared and served it turned out to be the owner, and WOW, what a nice guy!  He gave us the VIP treatment, joking around warmly with us, explaining that the tower was meant to be mixed before consuming it, (which seemed a real shame, given the obvious care and artistry that went into the presentation!) and whipping out two spoons he deconstructed it with flourish.  When my friend took the first bite, I thought she was going to break into a rendition of the famous "When Harry Met Sally" orgasm scene!  She insisted I try a bite and it was indeed fabulous.    We were already over the moon, but the owner wasn't finished with us yet.  He insisted we sample one more of his creations - on the house!  He gave us a choice of salmon or tuna.  Out came two identical, absolutely gorgeous salmon-topped balls of purple rice, decorated with perfect slivers of chive and of course, wasabi and ginger.  When we tried these, we were floored.  Best salmon sashimi I have ever tasted in my 48 years of being a Japanese-American!  Melted in the mouth, seriously.  That fish was so tender, it is amazing it didn't just fall apart while swimming in the ocean!  But wait, there's more!  Despite the fact that such quality for such reasonable prices is already a great deal, from 2pm - 5pm everything goes on sale for half price!  WHAT?!?  No way!  I think I have to go get a downtown job so I can eat a late lunch daily at these bargain prices...and then I'll take home some more for dinner from the large variety of "to go" sushi in the take out case...and then I'll come back on October 7th when they extend their hours to start serving dinner!
5 I'm surprised this place hasn't taken off yet! Good price, great sushi, awesome staff. It's mostly awesome for the quick lunch. I just wish they had a website 1, but their hours will be better when they're open for dinner next week.
5 My friend introduced me to this cute  sushi restaurant.   What to say? IT'S THE BEST. great price, GREAT service and deeelicious sushi :) PERFECT.
5 This place was awesome, we will for sure return! I found this gem on Yelp, always looking to try new sushi restaurants. My husband and I came here for dinner, we walked in and I became a little leery because we were the only ones in the place. We ordered yellow tail nigiri, gyoza, a shrimp tempura roll, salmon & tuna roll in rice paper, and a california roll with fresh tuna on top (I don't remember the actual names of the rolls).   The meal started out with a complimentary cucumber salad, which was very good. Then we were brought out our order of gyoza which was a very generous portion with 8 dumplings (usually you get 6). After that we received our nigiri, which was nice and fresh tasting, and then the rest of our rolls that we had ordered. The chef had some extra yellow tail, so he made us a complimentary salad with it that included avocado and rice wine vinegar, it was fantastic! The fish was very fresh and flavorful, and the portions were very generous. We ordered too much and were stuffed by the end of the meal. We were however, able to fit in the complimentary mochi ice cream we were given. The service here was amazing, and we felt very welcomed. I would highly recommend Harumi Sushi!
5 I was in Phoenix for work and wanted some fresh sushi around my hotel. Thank god Yelp led me to this place cause it was amazing! The owner and the waitress were both SO friendly, food was fresh and delicious, and the price was great! I loved their purple rice and chilly-shaped wasabi lol I was there for dinner one night and ended up going back for lunch the next day! I will definitely come back next time I'm in Phoenix.
4 This restaurant is fabulous! The sushi is great, and priced... within reason. The food is fresh, tasty, and traditional. Would recommend!  They also do teriyaki and bento boxes for lunch and dinner. It's (good) Asian to go!
5 I found my new sushi spot in central PHX. Great service and location near the light rail. Had the gyoza for an appetizer which was good. Ordered the albacore nigiri and a crab mania roll which were both delicious and all the rice is purple!!! Don't let it freak you out as texture and flavor are great.
5 This place is delicious!!! The fish was really fresh and the rolls were huge!! We ordered 5 rolls and they are all amazing!!
5 Stopped by this place while wandering downtown and was so pleased that we found it. The sushi is delicious and the presentation is beautiful. They use purple rice as it's supposed to be healthier which adds novelty to an already delightful experience.  The owner and staff are extremely friendly and take great care to ensure satisfaction. The owner even gave us a hug as we left. I can't wait to return.
4 Really really good sushi at a really really good price.  Juno and his staff are awesome...they care, they are attentive, and they are fun!!  Have been there 3x now in the last month or less.  Need I say more?  I will.  It's not a fancy place, and sometimes not very busy...but when the word gets out how good they really are...this place will have a line out the door.  Great food is more important than the ambiance.
5 Found this little sushi spot last week. Wonderful, fresh sushi, fantastic service and great prices. We will be back for sure!
4 I love finding restaurants that are great quality and great prices! I was in town for one night and didn't want hotel food or pizza. So I gave this place a chance and I was not disappointed. Sat down and got complimentary miso soup and edamame. My friend and I ordered a shrimp tempura roll which was yummy and well made. The best deal of the night was the spicy sashimi salad! For only $9 bucks, what a steal! It had plenty of tuna and salmon and the sauce that was mixed in was a perfect blend flavors with the right about of spice. The owner/chef did come around and tell us that if it was too spicy, to let him know next time. I also ordered the ramen with shrimp tempura which was ok. Don't expect it to be like an ippudo or legit Japanese ramen. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place! They're pretty slow since they just barely opened but I hope this business finds much success.
5 Walked into Harumi for the first time this weekend and was greeted right away! The staff is friendly, welcoming and helpful, and the sushi is pretty good as far as sushi in Arizona goes. This is not your gourmet sushi restaurant; they serve traditional and a few fun rolls in a simple, yet appealing style. Their grab and go sushi also makes for a quick and healthy lunch option for employees in the downtown area! I ordered a lunch bento box with bulkogi beef and they loaded my plate up with fried rice, house salad, veggies and tofu! Not really the type of bento I'm used to but it was a good sized portion and really tasty!
5 Delicious, fresh and quick place for lunch. Good prices and the spicy tuna is fresh and actually spicy. Definitely I'll be back.
5 I was initially pretty skeptical of this place. From the street, it didn't look like much. Fairly standard decor on the inside, wobbly table..  However, I am definitely really glad I came in. The warmth and energy of the staff really fill the place, and you just get the feeling when you're inside that everyone is happy and glad to see you. It's just a nice, inviting place to be.  The food itself was really pretty good. Right now they're giving out a lot of extra sides to try and advertise, which I think is great. So, I had miso soup, edamame, ramen with tempura, picked daikon and some california rolls. The ramen itself tasted like it was made with nongshim shin ramyun black label. That is not a slight mind you. I cook that regularly. It had enough extra things in it, big strips of mushrooms, vegetables, that it didn't feel like a rip at all, even though I knew pretty much where it came from. The tempura was top notch. Likewise, the california rolls were significantly better than what one normally expects, and I enjoyed eating them, for a change. Overall, would definitely go back. I'd love to sample more of their menu.  Update: Went back as promised, this time had the sashimi combo. The sashimi itself was great. The combo also comes with an oasis roll, which has cucumber strips on the outside instead of rice. It wasn't bad by any stretch, but I think I prefer the rice. I also tried out the plum ice cream, which wasn't on the menu yet, for dessert. I didn't expect a lot from it, but it turned out to be amazing. Would definitely recommend that!
5 This place is definitely the best sushi place in the valley. The chef and the service is very good. Don't judge the quality of the food by the atmosphere. It look like fast food but I guarantee you the best sushi you'll ever have. Juno is great with food and customer. We sure will be back.
5 Amazing. This has become my fav sushi in the valley. The fish quality is second to none and the rolls are well prepared. Add to that the fact that the owner is so accomidating (six buck bottles of top shelf sake, free miso and edamame, as well as other freebees) make this place a must go to. The decor leaves a bit to be desited, but with prices and quality this good, who cares?
5 'm surprised this place hasn't taken off yet! Good price, great sushi, awesome staff. It's mostly awesome for the quick lunch. I just wish they had a website 1, but their hours will be better when they're open for dinner next week.
5 This place is truth!  I had a combo pre-packed sushi box.  The tuna was as fresh as any I have had in costal cities and I like that they use black rice.
5 Great sushi in downtown Phx. Love the purple rice. If you're with friends get the OMG roll, very fun and very tasty.
5 Excellent lunch spot.  I found this place randomly while looking for something new and different for a downtown lunch.  This place is great to go for a quick sushi or bento lunch.  The service is quick and attentive.  I usually get the bento lunch special, which is a great value and very well apportioned... one could probably make two meals of it with a to-go-box.    It's a bit off the beaten path from the main drag, but it offers one of the best lunch values of downtown.  They don't have a prime location or over the top decor, which allows them to give the lunchgoer a good value. The taste is excellent and the food is fresh and well prepared.  They are staffed well so there is hardly a wait even if it is busy.  I've noticed they play 90s music sometimes, which gives the place a quaint ambiance.  This has become one of my go-to spots downtown.
5 Excellent sushi. Great price. Excellent service. Nice decor. I highly recommend Humari Sushi if you are downtown! They literally pulled me in off the street and I have been going back ever since!
4 Good sushi. Not the best ambiance, but great service that's attentive. Interesting that they use black rice. Threw me off at first but no different in taste. Portion sizes are very big, so order conservatively. Good sushi if you're downtown.
5 I've tried all the sushi joints in downtown phoenix and this is by far the best........Amazing sushi.......Love the spicy tuna hand roll....... The nigiri is very solid to boot. Love the purple rice nice touch.
5 Finally!! A sushi restaurant in downtown Phoenix worthy of multiple visits.   To begin with, the service here is impeccable. Very attentive and always on the ball. After having been in the industry for 10 years, I know first hand that great service can either make or break a dining experience...this merely enhanced the amazing food.   The Hand rolls are perfect. Spicy Tuna is ACTUALLY SPICY. I also tried the 3H roll which was AWESOME. Perfect texture and the roe added a great little pop. The Oh My God Roll came out in fantastic presentation (everyone loves fire) and had the flavor to boot.   Last but not least, I felt like I was stealing from this place for the quality of food the price is outstanding.   All in all I can't find  anything negative about this sushi joint! Do yourself a favor and try it!
5 I'm really picky when it comes to sushi, I was more than a little suspect when we walked in at 8 pm last night and the place was empty.   The entire staff was there to help, with one gentleman in particular, who I think owned the place, was super nice and very helpful.  We started out with the stuffed jalepeno and shrimp tempura. Holy heck (insert other four letter word here). The jalepeno was actually a fresh, crunchy jalepeno! The tempura came out too hot to eat! IT WAS SO DAMN GOOD! Seriously!  Moving on, we ordered the arizona roll and the harumi roll. I haven't had fresher fish anywhere other than Hawaii. I'm kind of a fish snob, and I fully endorse this place. The rolls are made with black rice, which is much more nutrient-friendly than white, and also cooks to purple, adding a lovely spin to the sushi, as well as adding a slight crunch.  For two people, we ordered a beer, a hot sake, two appetizers and two rolls (that were the size of skinny burritos) and the total came to just under $50. This is do moderately priced I couldn't even believe it!   I could not recommend this place more, this place is going to be my regular go-to for to-go from here on out.....GO THERE RIGHT NOW!
5 This was the best sushi in Phoenix in my opinion.  For the price and quality you can't beat Harumi.  We loved everything that we tried on the sushi and sashimi menu.
5 So when I first walked in I had my doubts (the place does look like a mall food court) but the sushi was amazing. Very fresh sashimi and the specialty rolls were really really good (try the Oasis roll). The waiter and sushi chef were super friendly also.
5 we were looking for a good place to eat in downtown phoenix and happened upon this sushi restaurant.  skeptical from our previous, unsavory ventures to other new sushi places, we were both blown away.  the food was amazing!  they have more than just sushi, but the sushi is incredibly fresh and flavorful.   with purple rice and flaming dishes (served literally on fire), the presentation is only matched by the perfect blend of fresh ingredients and attentive service. we will definitely be back. Its only appropriate that my 1st review is for this delicious place!
5 Who knew there could be inexpensive and fantastic sushi in the desert. Well done!
5 OK... I don't even know where to begin!  My wife and I came downtown to look around and saw this beautiful little restaurant so we decided to give it a try.  The menu has a lot to offer and the young gal who was our server was spot on, quick and attentive to us and everyone around us.  OK enough about that... on to the food, wow!  My wife and I ate the same (boring huh) dish and each had the Nigiri with spicy tuna rolls (9 piece) and to say it was great would be an understatement.  To be honest my wife and I both said this is the BEST sushi either one of us have ever had and this is saying a lot because we lived in Hawaii for a long time.  It's cool how they do it.. (spoiler alert) the rice is dyed a natural almost purpleish blue and it just works.  Texture, taste and freshness were unbeatable, I'd give it try if I were you.  We'll be back and often too.
5 Excellent downtown lunch spot. I've haven't tried their sushi, but the bento boxes are great, I especially like the teriyaki chicken. Service is great and the chef gives large portions. Today they had tempura sweet potatoes, delish! Hands down best Japanese food downtown!
5 Fantastic, oasis and crazy rolls are great... and huge. Service is great and fast. I will be back next time I'm in Phoenix
5 This place is legit - pretty serious sushi for a land-locked city. The fish is crazy fresh and the service is awesome. It is a great lunch spot or casual dinner. I highly recommend ordering the fresh wasabi...mind blown!
5 Very consistent service and delicious sushi.  My gang split the spider roll and the california roll.  Both delicious.
5 Omg I can't believe how much I ate here and how good it was. I just kept shoving it in my mouth never taking the time to think what my stomach had to say. It was so delicious I couldn't stop eating. Been one of the last costumers left in side the owner just kept feeding us more and more free stuff. The black Rice is so makes everything taste so much better and the purple color adds a awesome new look to the food
5 Seriously BEST sushi I have had!! Amazing and good service. We got the fried rice, spicy tuna roll and spicy crunch crab roll. SO good and in a great location right by our hotel.
5 Amazing Sushi!!!!  You can't go wrong!  The black rice is a wonderful touch to the sushi and the artistry that the chef creates with his sushi is as fantastic as it tastes. Wow!  Definitely going back the next time I'm in Phoenix. You must try it.
5 My sister came to town and we decided to check out this little restaurant! It's the real deal in downtown Phoenix! Sushi Chef is from Osaka! His name is Juno! He not only serves everything fresh, but in a beautiful artistic way! We had ramen, sashimi and sushi rolls! Very generous portions and yummmmmo! Service is excellent! We highly recommend this place! It reminded my husband and I of the kind of restaurants we went to in Japan! Arigato!
5 This place takes sushi to another level for Phoenix. The pricing was extremely fair for an a la carte establishment and the food was delicious. The rice threw us off a little at first on account that it's purple but it tasted so so good. The definitive selling point though is the 'Oh My God' roll... It comes out to you on fire!! What more can you ask for. Great customer service and quick, delicious food.
5 Trust the reviews! This place has by far the best sushi I've had in the valley. We had the H3 Roll, the Crazy Roll, a Spicy Tuna Roll and some salmon and yellowtail nigiri. Everything was so fresh and delicious I couldn't help but dance every time I took a bite.   The servers were awesome and the black rice adds a fantastic flavor to the sushi. Highly recommend! Only downside, no parking and if there's an event at the Orpheum you really have to search for a spot.
5 Fresh sushi, fresh air!  The waiter was a little meek about taking our order even saying the bottle of sake was "Very Expensive!"  After ordering over $100 worth of sushi, the chef came out from behind the bar and asked "What brings you to my sexy sushi bar?!"  We told him he had great reviews and ratings on YELP!  He asked if we were still hungry and I gave a resounding "yes!"  He then asks "Would you like to try my SEXY TUNA?" while doing a hip shake to emphasize sexy tuna. "ummm YES!" Best spicy tuna I've ever had.
5 5 stars, nuff said! Just check this place out. Food and customer service was top notch. They're still taking people in and accepting new orders 5 mins till closing. Owner was so nice that he gave us free green tea ice cream for coming in. Sushi rolls looked and tasted fresh. Definitely coming back and supporting this local hub
5 I came back from Tokyo, Japan in December. I was therefore very, very skeptical about finding good seafood or fish in Phoenix at all, much less decent sushi.  This was not decent sushi.  This was OMFG awesome sushi. I ordered "omakase" as I had learned to in Japan, which is basically saying, "Chef's choice". He came out later to apologize for making so much - for the $25 I had two rolls plus about 10 pieces of sashimi too. It was all AMAZINGLY fresh. Turns out, he's from Osaka, and was very impressed and honored by my knowledge of Japanese customs. Apparently few order "omakase", which is the standard way to do it in Japan.  Great service. Quiet. Good spot in downtown Phoenix. If you like sushi, and you are in Phoenix, you must go here. Amazeballs.
5 Most creative sushi I've eaten. The restaurant is non-descript and appears average, but the food is exceptional. I started with seaweed salad and a complimentary bowl of miso soup. Next I had the tuna stuffed, Japanese style jalapeño poppers presented with eel sauce. Delicious and unique. For an entree, the sashimi and crazy roll combo (a tuna, salmon, crab roll with cucumber wrap in place of nori) was, once again, one of a kind.  The people behind me had the omakase and it looked spectacular.  I was skeptical - sushi so far inland. But the reviews are accurate. Don't miss out.
4 I was out in Phoenix for a business trip and after searching on yelp I found this place. Located downtown ( or what I think is considered) I walked from my hotel ( Hyatt ) and found this place. The sushi was great, really fresh, reasonability priced and the staff was very helpful. My rolls were pretty spicy, but I didn't mind. I a few rolls and they used purple rice, I had never seen such a thing. I don't think I will be back in AZ anytime soon, but I was glad I stumbled unpon this place while I was in town!
5 Alright.  This place is every bit as good as people are saying it is.  Just finished my "to go" box back at the office and I thoroughly enjoyed it, which is a rare occurrence with sushi.  It was fresh, tasty and very appealing.  I'll be going back soon to dine in and sample a few more of their offerings.  In the mean time, get your butts to downtown Phoenix and check it out.  Pretty sure you'll be happy you did.
5 This place is awesome!! I was eager to try it after reading all the great reviews and people were right on.  I had everything from salmon sashimi to spicy tuna rolls to a scallop roll and it was all delicious.  They use a black rice which looks purple but tastes delicious.  I highly recommend if you're in the Phoenix area!
5 FINALLY! there's good sushi downtown.  This unassuming place is definitely a diamond in the rough.  Don't be fooled by the walk up counter and the to-go containers in the case by the door; this place offers some of the best made and freshest sushi you will get in Phoenix.  I ordered the "Chef's Choice" combo sushi, and this chef, unlike many, understands that "Chef's Choice" should mean the choicest fish he has.  I received a platter of food that had super fresh fish, artistically prepared rolls and sushi pieces, all of which were adorned with flavorful extras like pickled wasabi, fresh scallions, and black and yellow caviar. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, and I will definitely be going back.
5 As good as ever.  Today I had eel sashimi - I think.  It was delicious.  Also had a tuna roll.  Love this place.
5 After reading the reviews, my wife and I decided to check out Harumi Sushi on a Saturday night: the reviews were spot on. It took us a while to find because google maps said it was on the North side of Adams, but its actually on the West side of Central. The restaurant itself is unassuming, but the food is amazing--fresh, creative, well presented, and delicious. Recommend the oasis roll and the las vegas roll in particular.
5 Really liked their sushi! Reasonably priced and great fresh sushi. Loved the purple rice :) 30%off after 2pm
4 What a great find. I got lucky to stumble upon this place when I went to see a show at the Comeria theater. The sushi is VERY fresh. It's reasonably priced for sushi. I really liked the Oasis roll (I think that's what it was called). It's rice-less and wrapped with cucumber. We got the Omakase for 2. Though it was all very tasy, I was disappointed that two of the three rolls had spicy tuna on it. I wish there was more diversity on the Omakase platter. I'll be back to this place again real soon.
5 Best sushi I've ever eaten in Phoenix!  I came here for lunch today with a friend.  At first we were a little confused by the set up because we were expecting a traditional sit down restaraunt.  At this place you either pick up a pre-packaged sushi combo or you order at the counter (at least that's how it works for lunch).  I chose their Sushi Combo A for $10.  It was a great value and came with 2 tuna and 4 salmon and a california roll.  One thing you will notice right away is that their rice is PURPLE!  Unique and interesting, although it really just tasted like regular rice to me.  They have an explanation for why the rice is purple showing on their TV monitor, but I didn't take the time to read it...  For the fish - the quality was EXCELLENT.  The tuna was a deep dark red and very moist.  The salmon was fatty, buttery goodness.  For the service - everyone was very nice.  The owner is very hands on and checks in to make sure you are enjoying everything.  He even delivered a flaming roll to one table, which was quite the show!  I will 100% be back here again.  Can I come back tonight??  The only con - no parking lot.  You will have to find a metered spot on the street, but there are a ton of them right nearby so it's not a huge inconvenience.
5 My friends and I stumbled on this place while looking for good, affordable sushi and we were really impressed. The location was great, the sushi was amazingly delicious and the service was on par. This is the best sushi place I've been to in Phoenix and rivals the best ones I've been to in California. Most definitely a great place!!
5 This is the best sushi we have found in Phoenix! We have been here twice and the service has been excellent. We ordered a sushi combo and the H3 roll both times. The fish is really fresh and the rolls are creative. We will definitely be back soon! Metered parking is located nearby and is pretty easy to come by on a weeknight. It may be tough to find street parking on a weekend, but there are plenty of lots nearby. Definitely check it out!
4 Great sushi.  Friendly staff.  The building wraps around so the front door is actually on Central.     We had the dynamite roll and oh my god roll which the waiter sets on fire.  Both were delicious.   The restaurant is small and very basic with tables and chairs.    Next time you are downtown you should stop in.
5 After writing my first review I came back for dinner the very next day (yes that's how much I loved it!).  Dinner service was pretty busy, and at times we saw that people had to wait for tables.  But they do take reservations, so keep that in mind.  My party of 3 ordered the Omakase for 2 people, seaweed salad, and stuffed jalapenos.  We loved everything!  The Omakase was awesome, and it wasn't like at other sushi restaurants where they fill their chef's choice plate with cheap rolls or imitation crab and stuff.  Every piece on the chef's choice plate had fish in it and every piece was delicious!  Can't say enough good things about this place, you just have to try it for yourself...
5 Juno (the sushi chef) is Awesome!  I was visiting from NYC for the PPA Convention and Yelp said I had to try this place. I actually arrived a little before opening but the staff was very kind and allowed me to order. I ordered a lot... Juno actually gifted me 2 complimentary Miso Soups because I said I was bringing Sushi back to NYC. I was too embarrassed to tell him I was ordering for one hahaha.   The stuffed Jalapeno Popper was INCREDIBLE.  Ack! I don't remember the other 2 or 3 rolls I ordered but these rolls were crazy good! And the portions were HUGE! I love how they use Purple Rice. I wish we had Harumi in NYC. I wish I wish I wish!
5 Really good and creative sushi, can't complain about a thing. Staff was nice.  Ohhh my goooodddd!  If you order, you will know what I'm talking about.
5 Hands down the best sushi in Phoenix. Yes, I know I've said that about other establishments before... but that was before Harumi.   After a second visit last night we were blown away by how wonderful this place is. Last night we again got the 5 nigiri, 6 sashimi, and we asked if we could substitute the oasis roll in favor of the crazy roll, which they did without hesitation. The crazy roll is crazy good and the fish is the perfect combination tucked into the yummy and unique purple rice. The rolls are just bite site, not those giant ones that make you look like a chipmunk trying not to choke. We also started with the jalapeno poppers, which were light, fresh, not overpowered with cream cheese, and just the right amount of spicy. Will definitely order these again. The last visit we had the crispy stuffed shrimp to start which were amazing- so I think I just have to order both and have leftovers.   Now the fish... the fish is ridiculously fresh and the highest quality. The lines of fat in the salmon and the melt in your mouth as your eyes roll back in your head... yes, I get that I am talking about food. But this is an experience in joy. I wanted to bow a thousand times over to the chef on the way out. Thank you, thank you for coming to Phoenix!
5 The freshest most delicious sushi in my downtown bubble. Great for lunch and even better for dinner and the times I've been in it was super bustling. It's probably the hottest spot on the block.  The albacore tuna sashimi melted on my tongue and the tuna titaki  was probable the sexiest thing I've had in my mouth in quite some time.  One thing's for sure and that is a great meal, great quality, happy staff, uber friendly owner and an empty pile of plates.  My faves: Stuffed Jalapenos, Oh My God Roll, Sex and the City Roll, H3 Roll and of course the tuna titaki.   Oh and FYI, the Chef's Choice sampler is just that... Chef's Choice... Leave it to me to try and change things up.
5 This is among the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. We came in hungry and tried... about half the menu it felt like. All of the sushi was great. The purple rice was interesting and I liked the texture. The only dish I had that I thought was mediocre was the fried rice. But the sushi was good enough to overlook that 1 slight hiccup.  Downtown parking can, at times, be a problem. But it is worth the trip. We will be back in the next time we are downtown.
2 umm peeps in phoenix obviously have bad taste in sushi.  this was a boring joint w no sushi bar.  no special fishies. fish out of a bag, run of the mill joint.  the omakase was like rice with some fish.  oh well.  this is a quick hot place w a lack of character or ingenuity.
5 There is a reason this place is 5 stars! The sushi is fresh and delicious. The restaurant has a nice quiet atmosphere.  The selection is great and the price is reasonable.  I would highly recommend it!
4 I created a yelp account specifically so I could review this restaurant. We made the mistake of ordering appetizers...we wish we had saved room for more sushi rolls. The sushi is amazing, one of the best meals we have had on our vacation. The price is right and the Kirin is ice cold. For what this place lacks in atmosphere it makes up for with the love they put into their food. Go, you won't regret it.
4 From the time you walk in you know you're going to have a good time. I'm thinking it was the owner immediately came up and greeted us and was joking around. I really enjoyed what was almost like a deconstructed spicy tuna roll. Really happy this place exists downtown.  If you're driving parking can be a bit of a pain.
5 This place is walking distance to my office so if you are driving it may be difficult to find parking.  I had the H3 sushi, edamame, and miso soup.  Total came out to $18.  The sushi was good and fresh.  It took a while to get the soup and edamame but overall it was a pleasant trip.  Wish they had better lunch sushi deals but the price is expected for quality sushi downtown.
5 LOVED the sushi here!  Their OMG role is literally on Fire!  We will definitely be coming here again!
5 I reviewed Harumi Sushi on 10/30/13 and said, "...but when the word gets out how good they really are...this place will have a line out the door."  It's still great food, and while I haven't quite seen a line out the door, it's rare to see an empty table at dinner time.  If you haven't tried this place, you haven't had real sushi.
5 Went here last night for dinner for the first time since it came highly recommended. I have to say I'm not a big sushi person but this place has completely converted me!  The tuna melts in your mouth like butter, the shrimp tempura was cooked perfectly and the green tea ice cream was so refreshing; I also love their purple rice that the sushi was served in.   The staff was super nice and the chef was incredibly friendly and welcoming!  This 100% just became our weekly Tuesday dinner spot!  I'm kind of craving it now as I'm typing this. You must check this place out, you will NOT be disappointed.
5 Yes, they do serve kirin and sake.  I had to call and ask as if they have a website somewhere, I cannot find it.  As much as I hate driving downtown, I was excited to try Harumi as the restaurant has such glowing reviews.  Say what you will about Yelp, without a platform like this, I may never venture out of my confort zone.  Don't get  me wrong, just because I don't like driving downtown, does not mean I don't like being downtown.  Parking can be an issue but meters are free after 5pm.  Once at the restaurant my first impression was that of a clean and friendly restaurant.  Ordered miso soup, nice flavor but I like mine with a bit of seaweed where this version there was none.  Shrimp Tempura was perfect, Salmon Sashimi perfect, Oasis Roll, MMMM, addictive, perfect.  Add 3 Large Kirin and 3 large house Sake total bill $63.36 plus tip.  Love the purple rice.  Tastes just like white rice but great color and they say more healthy for you.
4 High Quality.  Fair Prices.  Nice Lighting.  Great Presentation.  Waited over an hour for our food to arrive.  Gave us 50% off.
4 Yummy sushi, just a bit pricier than our other favorite hangout. Great location downtown if you're ok with parking and walking. I didn't love the fried rice, but everything else was great. The purple rice adds an interesting flavor and texture to all of the sushi, and I think we ordered about half the menu. There were some traditional dishes and some more unusual ones, but they were all good. Service was very friendly and quick, and we'll definitely be back the next time we are downtown.
5 We were visiting Phoenix and were in search of good sushi. We were so happy to find this place . It's one of the best Japanese food I've had . First off the black rice was a unique concept and they had it on tv to explain the Benefits of black rice .  We ordered a chirashi bowl and loved the presentation . The best part was that it had real wasabi .Ive actually never had real wasabi before. Chirashi was so good we ordered 2. We ordered Gyoza. The dipping sauce was very tasty and the outer skin on the Gyoza was tender and delicious . We also ordered two rolls , shrimp tempura roll  The ambience was nice and we were lucky to come right when it opened at 5 because as we ate it became busy fast .the waitress's was also super nice and helpful. I highly recommend this place!
4 The sushi was great and they are worthy of their high praise.  I would give them 4.5 stars if that was an option.  They don't offer wine - just sake & beer which is fine by me, but my wife was hoping to enjoy a glass of wine with dinner.  The purple rice was unique and fun.  The fish was delicious as well.  Service was a little slow, but we went on a Saturday night - which is busy.
3 The husband and I went to Harumi a couple weekends ago on our self made 'food crawl.' We were going to go to Squid Ink (which I like very much), but decided to come here as they have such wonderful reviews. Now, this review isn't totally fair because we only tried one roll, so maybe other items are much better. Anyway, this place is set up kind of fast foodish, definitely set for the lunch crowd. This made it a little confusing at first whether we should line up at the counter or sit at a table. We were then directed to sit at a table by a young waitress who was friendly, but awkward. We ordered just a spicy tuna roll to see how this place did basic sushi. Then we proceeded to wait and wait and wait. After awhile. the waitress brought some edamame since we had to wait so long (guess they had a big party tray to make?), so that was nice of her. When we finally got the roll, I noticed there were no little dishes to put soy sauce/wasabi..... and no one to be seen to ask for one. Oh well. The spicy tuna roll was kind of terrible.... I am no expert on spicy tuna rolls, but the ones I have had in the past were a slice of tuna or a minced tuna in the roll...this was like a tuna mush. There was absolutely no texture. Putting in my mouth was awful...it felt like fishy baby food. The purple rice was nothing special, not any better than regular rice. Anyway, after choking this roll down we then waited and waited and waited some more for our check. The place was not busy enough to warrant the ridiculous wait times. I won't be rushing back here for sure.
2 OK Phoenix. I know you don't know what you don't know, but let's set a higher bar with Sushi. Here's my experience. Edamame was over cooked. That's really hard to do, but they did it. My waitress was new but didn't know whether the eel was heated, didn't know whether they had amaebi (which they didn't), and wasn't sure they made a hand roll. And hand rolls weren't even offered as an option in the menu. Hello.   And finally, the spider roll was OK, but should have come out warm.   And now finally, roll options were limited. Cream cheese should be offered on the Philly roll. They have cream cheese and spicy mayo as an add to all but 2 rolls. That hides bad fish. Come on now.
5 Some of the best sushi I've had in Arizona. Service was great and the food came out fast. The rolls were big and filling. I will definitely be back soon!
5 I already had my favorite sushi joint pegged, but one taste of a roll at this restaurant and I knew I had a new favorite. The rolls are absolutely delicious: fresh and flavorful. The sushi chefs are so friendly and came to check on how we were enjoying things (always appreciated), and our waitress was so sweet and attentive. I will be back, not only for myself, but to share a piece of heaven with my family and friends.
4 Interesting concept. This place is quick-service, order at the counter, sushi restaurant. You go in, place your order, pay for it, and then they bring it over. You fill your own drinks at the machine.  The sushi was fine. It was nothing special but the prices are great and the service was very fast. If I lived or worked around there, I could definitely see myself going frequently.
4 Great sushi, fast service. Loved the Black rice.
5 This place isn't fancy but the staff were super friendly and the sushi was excellent.  Tuna sashimi was a generous portion. The tempura veggies were crisp and lightly breaded. One piece of tempura was a yummy hot pepper.   The rolls and sushi are prepared with black rice. They taste good and look exotic. We saw another table served a flaming roll. It's wrapped in foil and heated on a plate of fire.   We liked it so much we ordered a second helping including spicy tuna roll.
5 I'd give it 10 if I could, holy cow! I've been to most of the Sushi places in and around downtown Phoenix and a few outside of the city, and I think Harumi has them all beat. The location is perfect, right at 1st Ave and Adams in downtown. We went for dinner around 5, and they were not too busy. The menu is very straight forward. A few appetizers, some basic rolls, some special rolls and some entreees. We opted for the sushi and holy cow were we impressed. We opted for this three "mini" roll plate tha t you get to choose from a list of maybe 7 rolls. it came with 6 piece of each, a TON of sushi ($15). We also did the Ahi Stack ($13), which was fantastic. It was the sushi rice, covered in super fresh spicy tuna, covered with some eel sauce and some spicy mayo, and some tempura flakes. Holy hell, this was FANTASTIC!!! We also opted for a basic California roll ($4) for my daughter, and some gyoza ($4.50). all in all , super fresh fish, perfect service and just awesome sushi. They use "black rice" which turns purple when turned into sushi rice. It didn't alter the flavor at all, but the texture a bit in the best way. All I can says is wow, wow, wow. What a great spot. I'm going back ASAP!
5 This place is incredible!!! Moving to AZ from Florida I found it difficult to find sushi that doesn't suck. This place does not suck! I live in Tucson so this will be my new Phoenix noms for sure! It's so good! This place is super casual, the rice is purple,  and good luck finding that bathroom, it's like the dang labyrinth back there. My tip to you is ask for your spicy tuna extra spicy and don't forget to ask for the real wasabi, you won't be let down! Oh and they close from 2-5 but after 5 the parking is free on the road! Enjoy!
5 Great sushi and a lot of diverse rolls and alternatives. I've only tried the H3 roll so far and it was amazeballs! The staff is very nice and attentive. I will be going back for more.
2 This dining experience was average at best. Our order took forever because the party before had such a large order. So it appears as they had just one chef for the lunch hour.   The sushi itself was great. There were a lot of original rolls on the menu. The one thing we noticed about the drinks were that you could get the same size beer at the restaurant next door for $4 cheaper.   I would recommend trying another option for sushi downtown if you want more ambience but if it's just good sushi to go you're looking for, not a bad option.
4 The real banana. Don't be scared of the purple rice. This place is legit. Don't question my authority on sushi.
5 Amazing! I Purple rice makes me healthier. I had Las Vegas roll, Crunch California, Oh My God, and Crazy roll. Foods are soooo good! I will revisit there again!
1 I had really high hopes for this place. However last Saturday night my boyfriend and I stopped in to this place in hopes to have dinner. Upon arrival the hostess/server told us that it shouldn't be more than an hour wait and that she could call us when a table opens up. This was not exactly the best thing to hear and felt like if that was the norm on a Saturday night than reservations should be recommended somewhere. Since we really really wanted to have the food, we gave her our number and left. After walking around the city we made our way back about 40 minutes later just to check in and see how much longer she thought it would be. When we came back in we just stood there and this other male finally came up to us and asked if we'd been helped. He sat us down and we filled out our menu. The server than came over, looked at our menu selections, and said the kitchen is closed, only sushi is served at dinner. Granted, I understand this is a sushi place and my boyfriend wanted sushi, however I wanted vegetable tempura and chicken teriyaki. Nowhere is it posted that the full menu is not served during the evenings. So after waiting all that time and having less than desirable service, we then find out I cannot order anything I wanted so we left. I am totally disappointed.
5 Hands down best Sushi ive had. Food is fresh and well made, friendly owner, cute waitresses.. What more can you ask for. :) kidding aside, this place is amazing, give it a try.
5 Delicious sushi and lots of it!!! The purple rice is yummy and adds a nice hint of color! The rolls are huge so make sure you order wisely haha. The staff was super friendly and attentive! Will definitely go back!
5 I been to many sushi places before but never get the taste like Harumi Sushi. After having sushi from here and purple rice, I don't feel like eating sushi with white rice. This place, OMG not only the taste of their sushi and fresh salmon, tuna, yellow tail and many more are great but also the sushi chef and their server are so friendly. I have a great experience there. I don't understand why there are people who give them a couple star, sometime as a customer, we have to understand that there are time that we have to wait forever if they are so busy every restaurant we go. We are not the only one who wait for it, there are people ahead of us. So I really recommend this place. Unfortunately, if you don't have a good experience, then try it again. You will have a good time. LOVE This place........
5 After seeing all the pictures and reviews, we decided to give this place a try. Since this place is in downtown Phoenix, it was difficult to find parking on a Saturday night. The restaurant is a little hidden, but we were able to find it.  The place was pretty busy when we went in, but we were instantly greeted. We started off with the Oh my god roll because it simply sounded good, and OH MY GOD, IT WAS AWESOME!  It came super quick, wrapped in aluminum foil that was on fire. It looked super good, and tasted amazing. It had a kick to it, and mmmm I could eat another one right now.  After that, we ordered the H3 Roll. It was a lot spicier, still good, but definitely not as good as the first one.   Maybe we were just hungry, or we were surprised by the fact that the sushi came on fire. But man, I would definitely go back again!
5 I was skeptical when I saw the limited manu, but then our first plate arrived.  Good presentation, fresh wasabi, and creative sauces.  Add to that an attentive staff and a interactive chef.  We are so coming back!  Thank you Juno!  Bravo!
4 Pretty fun casual little sushi place, easy to find if staying at a hotel downtown. The menu is limited and seems that most rolls are variations of the same 4 or 5 ingredients. The coolest thing is the purple wild rice they use. It's yummy and apparently much better for you than white rice. The service was very speedy and friendly. If we lived in PHX we would definitely return.
5 New favorite sushi place right in Downtown. I've never been to the lunch service but I have been to the dinner service multiple times without complaints. Even on busy nights, service is always quick and never disappointing. We have our favorites,  the Arizona Roll one of them. Phenomenal. The entire staff is friendly and I recommend it to everyone!
3 First thing we noticed is the service in this quaint establishment, great! The next thing we noticed was the menu... Not so hot ! It had a short list of very basic sushi and a mixture of specialty rolls.... At this point the very nice young lady had brought us water and was taking drink orders. We ordered the old faithful spider roll just to be objective ( to be honest we were in a mood for certain things we usually eat at sushi places that this menu just didn't have ) . One of the servers gave us some free soup, the roll arrived in good time and the flavor was adequate ( not the best but certainly not the worst ) . Over all experience not so pricey, very friendly but for the more experienced sushi goer you might want something more?  !
5 Had the eel Nigiri and miso soup.  Both were delicious.
4 WatchOut for the business rush!! The black rice is a wonderful touch.
4 I went here to celebrate my beautifuls birthday and I'm glad I picked this place! The food was great, especially the Oasis roll...yummy! The environment is pretty laid back as well, it wasn't crowded as I'd expected being so close to the weekend, and we also found great parking just around the building in back.  Chef Juno was great, as well as the other chefs and staff. Chef Juno even gave us a roll to take home, in celebration of our birthday outing. We'll definitely be going here again  :-)
4 I agree with all the 5 star reviews but can't give the full 5. They have room for improvement even within the market position they occupy. We see a lot of restaurants that have upscale ambiance and deliver mediocre food. This place is the opposite. Diner style ambiance with exceptional food. But it's not the ambiance that dropped the star. When the food is this good who cares? No, it was the service. Consistent exceptional service over time would make it so you couldn't get a seat at this place. There is no excuse for weak service because it will all come back to you. I've been here three times now over the last 4 months. The owner chef is incredible. Ask for his omakase. You won't regret it. Excellent price for exceptional sushi. Just be prepared for average service.
5 Bomb sauce. Found this jem while walkin downtown. Chef Juno is a master and super  friendly. I will be back for sure!!!
5 This is my new favorite sushi place! I just wish it was closer to me.  Tried this place after receiving a raving recommendation from a friend and it did not disappoint. Authentic sushi that arrived fast and tasted amazing. Fresh, quality ingredients and really friendly and accommodating service. Chef Juno is a star.
5 One word: YUM.
5 By far the best sushi in the valley. Fish was so fresh and the rolls were awesome too.  Juno the chef is amazing too!  Best sushi best price you can't go wrong.
5 Best sushi in Phoenix! I have been let down by several sushi restaurants here in the valley before but Harumi will definitely not disappoint! It is a very casual restaurant that is great for lunch and dinner. Several reviews here suggested that the food here is far superior to the casual atmosphere, which may have some merit behind it, however, I think the casual ambience is one of the best aspects of this restaurant. Remaining a casual restaurant allows anyone to come in for a casual lunch or singles or couples to stop in for dinner without having to make a whole night out of it.   Chef Juno and his team are very skilled at their craft. As for the wait staff, I think they could use a little more training and a refresher on their knowledge of menu.  Tonight we checked-in on Yelp and received a free order of miso soup and edamame. Both were delicious! For our entires we ordered the H3 roll and the Oh My God roll. The H3 had a great spicy kick. The Oh My God roll is served on a flaming plate and wrapped in tinfoil. It is quite a sight to see! This is a must try for anyone who has not been here before. It is very savory and smokey roll that will satisfy any craving.  For dessert I was considering the green tea ice cream tempura, but before we could order Juno sent an order of the green tea mochi on the house. He is so nice to his costumers! The mochi was good, but I would have liked to have tried it without the chocolate sauce.  I would highly recommend Harumi for anyone who is looking for a great casual sushi restaurant.
5 This is currently my favorite sushi place ever! I have been here twice. I live out of town, but I would definitely visit this place every time I am in town.   OMG roll: My absolute favorite. This arrives to your table wrapped in tinfoil and set on fire. The waiter or waitress unwraps the tinfoil, setting the fire out. The small fire adds a hint of a smokiness, like a light barbecue. I love this roll, and I think it's a steal at $13! This type of specialty roll would usually be pricier at other places.   H3 roll: This is also a delicious roll and priced the same as the OMG roll ($13). This was definitely spicier than the OMG roll, so if you're looking for something spicy, this is your roll. While this roll was also good, I prefer the OMG roll.  Service: We have always had friendly, attentive waiters. During our last visit, Juno treated us to some complimentary green tea mochi ice cream!
5 I love Harumi Sushi! This has become my favorite sushi place in town. We used to frequent Hana's on 7th Avenue, which is very good, but this place is even better in my opinion. The sushi is always great. They have a series of pretty inexpensive rolls (two spicy rolls and the typical california and cucumber rolls, etc.) and then a bunch of specialty rolls. I'd love them to expand their menu further, so that we have more things to try.   This place feels very authentic and friendly to me. The building is casual (which may be a downside for some, but I prefer it). Nothing fancy, just an excellent meal in a comfortable environment.   Nothing better than some sushi, a friendly neighborhood place, and a large Sapporo on a weeknight!   I also really like it when the chef says good night when you leave!
5 Loved the purple rice.  The rolls are beautifully arranged and at a good price.  Sushi in this area are usually overpriced and small.  My friend and I ordered two rolls each, miso, and edamame (miso and edamame free with yelp check in!).  Way too much food for the two of us.  I will be back for sure!
5 I usually go to the HARUMI Sushi which became my favorite place! The place is located at 7th ave which means it is very reachable place. They use purple rice and it is supposed to be healthier. I got sushi combo, tuna nigiri, yellowtail sashimi, OMG roll and spider roll. Tuna was really fresh and yellowtail was really good!! I could feel them and they looks fancy and tasty. It absolutely tastes good and casual atmosphere make me comfortable. The servers were friendly and chefs, Juno and Choi, were nice! Harumi will definitely not disappoint!
5 My friend recommended me this place so i came last week and i came back today! Everyone is very nice here and sushi is great. Purple rice is so clean and very pretty im definitely coming back here! I recommend for you to get OMG roll!   And the owner is very friendly and actually communicates with his customers by making sure they are enjoying their time. Great place for both a date and a night out with friends.
1 UUGGHHH. You yelp-trolls with broken taste buds got me again, sending me to this 'oh so amazing', 'must try' 'favorite' sushi place.   What. Is. WRONG with you people??   It would be generous to say their sushi was average. It was not freshly made. They serve nasty phoenix tap water, and tea made with nasty phoenix tap water. They tried to make their tempura sauce into something crazy and fancy and it just comes out tasting like it was inspired by spam.   An all around fail. Thank you once again, yelpers for fooling me into thinking you could actually recognize good food.
4 Visiting from out of town we wanted to try some sushi. It was crowded, food was amazing and the "chef" walked around and asked everyone how the food was. Very nice people and LOVED the sushi. Price was good too. The atmosphere isn't super nice, and was disappointed to watch the chef walk around with his gloves on talking, touching things, including our child's head, taking orders, etc then go back to making sushi without ever changing his gloves or washing his hands. Wish I hadn't seen that! Otherwise I would highly recommend!
5 Yes the purple rice threw me off, but it only added to the PERFECTION of the rest of the sushi! The oh my god roll literally made me "oh my god!" And their shrimp tempura is amazing. Easily the best sushi restaurant I've been to. I highly recommend it!
4 This was a pretty cool place in Phoenix. The prices are about on par with most other sushi places I've been to and the food was pretty good. The "oh my god" roll, in particular, was delicious and lived up to it's name, flavor wise. You also get a little presentation upon the delivery of said roll. Also, they make their sushi with black (aka purple) rice, which is pretty cool. This is definitely a place worth checking out if you're in Downtown Phoenix and want sushi or a good meal.
4 I was in town for a business trip, and i yelped around  my hotel, and found them with such good rating, i was too late last night, they were closed, but today i battled if i should come give them a try before departure since it was soooo hot outside, and it's like more them four block from Sheraton hotel when the meeting is held... and i'm so glad i came back... i was surprise by the freshness of the sashimi sampler i ordered... it tasted very good, sashimi is all about freshness and the cut, they did a great job with the cut. I didn't give five star only because i just can't take my minds off what i experienced in my Japan trip, but they're very good! From, happy customer from san francisco!
5 Best sushi spot around. The caveat is that this is 5-stars, for Phoenix. I haven't been a fan of many other sushi places with Bei probably a distant 2nd. Harumi is very casual and offers friendly service with fresh and fast food. The portions are filling. My friend and I ordered two combo plates ($15 each) and left more than stuffed.
5 This is the best sushi you will ever have! Everything I've had on the menu so far is delicious. Prices are awesome for the size of the portions. Huge portions! Owner is so nice and so friendly. Me and my husband drive out of our way, pay parking downtown and walk however many blocks just to come here! This place ruined other sushi places for us. They use black rice for all their sushi, which is considered a superfood because of all the antioxidants. Delicious and good for you!
5 Came here during lunch at the recommendation of a co-worker. Great, fresh sushi at a great price!   Each roll is wrapped in black rice (purple in color), which is a superfood, considered to be healthier than brown rice.    I had the Tempura Shrimp Roll, which was solid.  The chef came over and topped our meal off with a scoop of green tea ice cream. This was a welcome addition and appeased my sweet tooth.   Definitely adding this place to our repertoire during the week!
4 Came here on a warm summer night and it was quite warm inside the restaurant as well (a little stuffy) aside from that the sushi was really nice and fresh.  Too bad they don't serve mixed drinks but they do have some bottled Japanese beer.  The food came out quickly and wait staff was courteous. However we asked for a box and we're clearly finished eating and after about 10 min we finally asked for the check. (It was not busy and the waiter walked by several times already) he came back with the check, and walked away for about another 10 minutes. Lol.  The was a little frustrating being that the place wasn't busy and is small enough to see that we were ready to pay. None the less I would definitely go back for the sushi.
5 Wanted my fist real sushi experience to be good sushi. So here it is, they are wonderful! I had the oasis roll which was not bad and my friend had the Las Vegas roll which was breaded and just so good! Although I wasn't a complete fan of my option, the cook was kind enough to offer us a free Harumi sushi roll per he made an extra. It was very good. He also advised that if I didn't like the cucumber; which I think was soaked in a type of vinegar-that I have the option of asking for a soy wrapping. I will definitely return to this place again. They were so nice and helpful. Service was just great.
5 Best sushi in Phoenix for a very reasonable price.  The owner Juno is awesome, very friendly,  and I love his creations.  Order some sexy tuna or salmon, you won't regret it.  It's also not uncommon for him to give you something free so it definitely makes you feel appreciated as a customer.  Honestly, if you love sushi and haven't been here yet,  you must! !
5 good sushi in downtown....living in downtown over the past 15 years it almost sounded too good to be true to not have to drive to get decent sushi.  We have ordered carry out 2 times now and have yet to be disappointed. prices are very good and the size of the rolls are very impressive.  they also threw in an additional roll FOR free to occupy the empty space on our to go tray.  you cant go wrong with any roll.  And the stuffed peppers are amazing.    What is better than the food...the service.  fast and friendly.  the people are wonderful.  this will for sure become a weekly dining spot.
4 I'm a big fan of the OMG  roll, its absolutely delicious. The rolls here are extremely tasty and fresh and the staff is very friendly. The chef will occasionally treat you to complimentary items,  which is always nice. I stop by at least once a week to satisfy my sushi cravings.
5 One of the best sushis I have ever tried. Honestly, this place is amazing compared to other sushi places in Phoenix. The owner was very nice and friendly. You can't go wrong with this place.
5 Its not hard to find sushi in the Phoenix area though finding a locally based sushi spot is a bit tougher.  Finding local, high quality sushi?  Tougher still.  Finding local, high quality sushi at a reasonable price?  Yeah, good luck.  When people ask me for a recommendation for a good local sushi restaurant, the first place I always recommend is Hana.  A small comfortable neighborhood sushi spot with good product that won't totally crush your bank account.  Chain sushi places can deliver good sushi too, though often at a premium and in a fancy environment requiring requisite attire.  Well ladies and gentlemen, I didn't think I could recommend anything better than Hana.  Until today.  As I write this, Harumi Sushi is currently ranked as one of the top 10 highest rated restaurants in the Phoenix metro area on Yelp.  Seriously, check if you don't believe me.  There's five star reviews aplenty for this place even though they have almost no social media presence and no website.  I live just a half mile from Harumi so this place has been popping up on my radar for awhile.  Today I finally took the plunge.  The restaurant is fairly plain on the inside with a little bit of artwork around food prep area, but otherwise just simple tables and chairs.  Seats about 30-40 folks from what I could tell.  The owner (and head chef) Juno and the waitress on duty both greeted me and seated me immediately upon entering.  To start, I used the Yelp Check-in freebie for free miso soup and edamame.  Yes, they honor it and both dishes were excellent.  For the main course I was going to go with their staple, the Harumi roll.  The waitress gave me a look like "that's all you're gonna eat?" so I quickly sprung into action and got their Oh My God roll too.  Crisis averted.  First, the Harumi roll.  Shrimp, crab, purple rice, and avocado wrapped in tuna and topped with a spicy mayo blend.  Fantastic dish.  Rich flavors but not as heavy as I thought.  Next the Oh My God roll.  The first OMG about this roll is the presentation.  They bring out the roll wrapped in tin foil while the tin foil is on fire (I'm dead serious).  Don't worry, the waitress unwraps the foil for you, revealing a rainbow of colors.  Ingredients on this one include crab, shrimp, avocado, purple rice, eel, and tobiko (almost like a caviar) topped with eel sauce and that spicy mayo.  Oh My God yes.  Not overly spicy (though it does have some kick) and the two sauces smooth out the flavors perfectly.  The rolls were both huge (10 pieces each).  Somehow I had room (or motivation) for dessert so I decided to try some of their mango mochi ice cream.  Essentially a light mango rice cake with mango ice cream in the middle.  It came as four little bite sizes on the plate.  Clean, creamy, delicious and capped of the meal in spectacular fashion.  All together the free miso soup, free edamame, fountain drink, OMG roll, Harumi roll, mochi ice cream, and tax totaled $35.  I tipped the waitress $10 as she was super attentive and friendly the whole time (even though she scared me into ordering a second roll).  I enthusiastically thanked her and Juno for a wonderful meal.  Between the food, the service, and (most astonishingly) the price, Harumi sets itself apart from a saturated sushi industry in Phoenix.  I don't live next to major body of water, but Juno could've fooled me.
5 First visit here and was very impressed with both the sushi and the service.  The sushi chef was extremely attentive.  The Ahi Tower was a real high point of the dinner and definitely a do-again.
