2 Wait time is stupid. Chairs uncomfortable. No air movement- humid & stale. A lot of employees are walking around behind the counter chatting. Took 2 hours to finally be called, 5 mins to get helped.  So, don't go there in a hurry.  Also there are people set up outside on the front sidewalk area soliciting for insurance purchase and signing petitions. Makes me feel like its unprofessional.
3 Don't come around lunchtime.  The line is long.  Actually, I got the impression the wait time can be long given the copious amount of seating at this place.   No, wait. The guys out front (fund raising for something) were the dying canaries. I asked if I should come back. They laughed when I stopped dead in my tracks, IN HORROR, at the line snaking out the front door.  They said it had been like that all morning.  Oh.  GREAT.  I was there two hours to obtain an updated license. (With photo!)  The upside is that everyone was nice. I would recommend bringing a magazine if you absolutely must go to this location. Otherwise, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.   When I first moved to Phoenix I went to another location and it was a lovely experience. THIS WAS NOT. This purgatory, or scene from Beetle Juice, reminded me of the DMV in Times Square. The only difference is the lack of turning security bars. (Once you leave you're not allowed back inside.)  I still find it shocking how no proof is required to change your residence. No paperwork, no bills, NADA! If you say so, the state of Arizona will believe it.   One last tip: Don't forget your blue or black pen!  I can't tell you how many times I heard "You filled the form out wrong. It has to be in blue or black pen."   OR, the dreaded, "No. There are no pens here."
3 It's really not that bad! Compare to the California DMV, this is a breeze. You might have to wait in a line to get your ticket, but it does move fast. Once you're in, it's just waiting for your number to be called. Pretty easy system, you number is called and you go the the directed window. Seem's like every time I have to come back, never having the correct paper work. I know the employees have to deal with the very rude customer base. But I really appreciate the ones that are still in a good mood. This location is huge, has a lot of traffic in the parking lot.
