5 I walked into this Planet Fitness and was impressed with what I saw. Rows upon rows of cardio machines, various weight machines, free weights, all brand spankin' new.   There are 2 different memberships, both very reasonable and lower than the cost of a typical gym membership. The basic one gives you access to only your "home" gym, while the upgraded membership gives you access to all the gyms nationwide, and various freebies such as unlimited tanning and hydromassage.   There are various disinfectant stations nicely spread throughout the gym to clean the machines, and each area is spread out by function (Cardio, free weights, weight machines separated by muscle group).   The vibe here is friendly, with an emphasis on a non-intimidating environment.   The best part of the membership is that this location at least is open 24/7!
5 Just joined this week, the staff is great. They have a lot of machines and a free weight area. Just average people working out. It's nice and clean as well.
5 No lunks!  How about another five star review for this place?  A "lunk" is PF's caricature for the gruff sort of guy who hangs out at gyms, slams his weights, grunts, drinks out of a gallon water container, and laughs at your small muscles (it's called "gymtimidation").  Show any of these traits at this PF, and they will literally set off an alarm bell with a blue siren (the "lunk alarm").  I saw it go off once on a guy who grunted in the weights area.  The whole shtick is that this isn't a gym, it is Planet Fitness.  You know, I like that.  The folks here are really friendly, the prices are right, and they have pretty much any piece of equipment you would need to get in shape.  Busy?  Try their 30 minute workout--perfectly paced to shape you up in your limited schedule.  You can also try their infrared and UV booths, as well as water jet massage tables and massage chairs.  It's open 24 hours a day, every day except principal holidays.  If you need to get in shape, strengthen those biceps, or lose a few pounds (or 10, or 20, or 50), you can get what you want here, no pressure.
3 Its def not bodybuilder friendly... There free weights only go. Up to like 65, and Theres no barbells... Only smith machines and machines for everything... Theres even a sign saying no gallons of water and no grunting!.. Lmao...overall it seems a good deal of amentities for the price
5 I want to start off saying that I don't like exercising so it is hard to get up to go to a gym. I used to have a membership to LA Fitness but cancelled it because I was not going enough to make it worth the monthly payments. I thought I was done with monthly payments to gyms but I was wrong. My fiancé told me he was going to start a workout plan with his health coach and asked me to go with him. I was hesitant at first and was going with the intent of being his guest so I could give the place a chance. He told me that there weren't any Zumba classes and that it was just equipment so it made me hesitant even more. Now I am so glad I went.      When I walked in, the staff was very welcoming and wanted to help. My fiancé told them that he was meeting someone here and that he was his guest. One of the staff members, I think it was Casey, asked if we would like a tour. I said sure because it was different from other gyms and I wanted to see it. As we were walking around, I noticed stations named 30 minute workout and 12 minute abs. I asked what they were and was told that they are stations that are timed and the red and green lights control the workout. When the light is green, you use the machine. When it turns red, you rest and move to the next one and the process just repeats. I thought this was so cool. The machines are clearly marked to point out what muscles are being worked on.        I really like their idea of the judgment free gym. Often times I would go to LA fitness and there would be these buff guys lifting weights with their cut off shirts and huge arms. I would always be afraid to go over and work on my arms for fear of looking like an idiot because I was doing it wrong. I always was afraid of being judged. Planet Fitness is only worried about fitness for all. They have a clunk alarm that goes off when anyone drops weights or tries to be too cool. They make it a place where anyone can go to workout without judgment. This was a big selling point for me.           The thing that makes this place better and different is the Black Card membership that gets you unlimited use of their tanning beds, hydro massage machines, red light therapy and massage chairs. What other gym has all of those things included in the membership cost? One try of these machines and I was sold. I sat down and signed up on the spot. I was expecting to have to pay a huge amount per month to get this membership but it is only $19.99/month. I was floored!! Ever since I signed up, I have been going regularly because I get excited to go and workout knowing that no one is judging me and I get to use all of this awesome equipment. Did I mention that a personal trainer is included in the cost? Usually you have to pay hundreds of dollars for a personal trainer but not here. I was lucky enough to be there the same night that the trainer was there so I sat down with her so she could build me a workout plan. I have been sticking to it ever since. I have a new found motivation to get off of the couch and exercise because of this place. If you haven't checked it out, YOU NEED TO!!
5 This place is great, it gets plenty of people coming in and out but not so much that it get too crowded like 24 hours or even LA Fitness. The staff is great in keeping the equipment clean as well as the establishment, they're very nice and they're courteous. People tend to focus on themselves here (which is an awesome thing). There are some who are social and since I haven't met a single person who are the "grunt" type. You know the yelling and screaming and the fist pumping types. I like working out here, I just zone out and do my own thing. Aside from having 1 certified trainer here this place is great. Get in here and jump start your new body!
4 I love this place. The machines  are great and there are plenty of them. You cannot beat the price and it is 24 hours so anyone can go. My only complaint is some of the staff members. Some of them seem bored with their job and it is an inconvenience for them when we come in. If this is a judgment free zone, someone should let them know.
2 This place is a big disappointment, especially considering the positive experience I had in the 2 years I had a membership at a Planet Fitness back east.  First off, let me say I'm an alumni of Gold's Gym and other gyms where there really is an annoying atmosphere of jockos and jerks who make gym-going irritating. That said and the fact I was a patron of PF in the past, I understand and am fine with the "No lunks" mentality.  HOWEVER, I was surprised at sign-up how such an ostensibly tolerant place could seriously have a sign when you first walk in with so many "NO"s on it; no this, no that. I should've headed the other way when I saw two, in particular: "No dead lifts" and "No gallon water jugs." (I've never actually seen anybody with gallon water jugs at a gym, even a lunk-filled gym...but I still kind of read this as "NO WATER.")  Now, I know dead lifts can be irritating as the stuff slams and I myself don't like them because you have to have good form to not jack your back, but come on; they're a good exercise. The real point I'm trying to make here, and one I was lied about on, is that they do not have barbells of any kind. I should have taken a tour, but the guy assured me they do have barbells. Well, I guess if you consider Smith machines barbells, they have them. I mean, you can't even do a simple thing like a barbell bench press, unless you want all the stabilizing done for you. I'm no bodybuilding brah, but THAT'S WEAK, BRAH.  I'm not sure if this is a new thing at PF, as my old PF had barbells and reasonable people were doing squats, dead lifts, and bench presses without being "lunks," but I guess we just can't be trusted to be reasonable, anymore.  Next, the placement of things in this particular PF is annoying. It seems you have to walk here there and everywhere to find different things. Some leg machines are in the middle of the gym in this weird area ahead of the treadmills, others are behind this cordoned-off zone, et cetera. Minor gripes, but highly irritating when you don't have a lot of time to gym-it-up like I don't.  I also got told to not run barefoot on the treadmill, though I was wearing clean socks. I dunno if it's some policy thing or they just think I'm a dirtball, but I thought it was kind of dumb.  Anyway, my main thing here is I haven't had a gym membership for about a year; I was using the gym at the apartments I was residing in Paradise Valley before I moved to Tempe, and had been waiting to get to a "real gym" with barbells at the very least. It's just kinda sad that this place actually feels like a step down from the apartment gym, and that I'm paying for it.  On the plus side (maybe) they have red light therapy and massage chairs and are open 24 hours, but if you're looking to work out like I am those are kinda neat frills, but not a viable concession for not having the most basic of gym equipment.
5 Great Staff, Great equipment, great atmosphere, Great look.... great value...
4 Great gym! 24 hours!  Downside - if you lift there's tons of people on weights on the traditional MWF routine, however it dies down around 11pm. ALWAYS slow on sundays!  Yes the front staff don't care, seem annoyed but whatever they're receptionists at a gym. They're not here for entertainment.
3 I enjoy feeling good. I know for a fact that the best way to feel really good is to look super suave. Now if you have a potbelly, that's not suave...it's more John Candy-ish...Just saying. Enter into the equation this gym, where anyone can feel at home. It has its perks and a few quirks as well. Let's grunt hard on this review...and get to it..go HARDER! HARDER! PUSH PUSH PUSH PUSH IT OUT!   ~What To Do~ You can work out here at the gym. There are no extracurricular activities like swimming, or a basketball/multi-use court. They do have, the Black Card lounge  where you can get a tan, choose from a variety of massages, or use a machine that inexplicably will help tone your skin. They have a bevvy of machines from assisted free-weights to the standard machine-aided fitness options.   ~The Good~ Like most workout facilities these days, Planet Fitness has a low fee enrollment and offers separate packages to suit different clients needs. I am a Black Card holder, so I am entitled to their massage chairs which really do the trick if you are knotted up...plus the payments are simple @ $20 /month and the contract is nothing to snuff about. They have enough machines that you almost never have to call next, save for the Smith Press' they have out.  I also have to say: This is by FAR and away the cleanest gym I have ever seen. It is spotless, even the showers are immaculate each time I go in. Same with the walkways and machines, always are brightly shined and no evidence of wear. The atmosphere at this gym is very relaxed, like they say: No Lunks! Simply put, they do not take any Macho Man weight lifters intimidating clientele. I must concur that I definitely feel comfortable as I slowly gain strength, and have never once felt awkward or out of place.  ~The Bad~ There is not much, but they are important. I must knock them for a couple things. First off their consistent need to be inclusive is a bit much for me. The bagel and pizza days earn an automatic star off, just for hosting those. There is no reason to have that....none. Since when are you supposed to encourage us to eat these carbs and fat laden foods?  Also they have NO scales, and demand that I do not "grunt it out" if on a tough set. That's another star off. Its just the lack of interest in those who are truly here to work out, that irks me.   ~The Downlow~ I mean....this is more indicative of 3.5 stars, but as always, there are no half stars. If you are a gym rat and really tear the gym apart with your workouts: STAY AWAY. This place is for those content with losing some weight, gaining some muscles and not doing so in a hardcore manner. The lack of some equipment is definitely off-putting for some who train in gyms, as is the fact that they only go up to certain weights for the dumbells. I am not at that level yet, bu I know for a fact that dumbells and such go much higher. They also lose stars for attempting to appeal to the Average Joe...Honestly this place is clean, always open, and the staff are friendly. No trainers walk around haggling you to join with them....Overall a great place to work out, with a few things that may/may not put you off a bit
4 The ONLY reason I give PF 4 stars and not 5 is that there's no steam room. Maybe i'm stuck in the 70's but man do i love a steam room. That aside, I love PF for lots of reasons. There are TONS of cardio equipment (up bike, down bike...what, i don't know the correct terms, just stay with me...treads, ellipticals, stairs and these machines of horrid torture that make you look like a galloping antelope) so there's never a wait. There's a 30-minute ab area, a 30-minute circuit area, stretching machines, free weights, and lots of other muscle-strengthening/building/toning machines. All that for $10/month, and it's open 24/7. Superduper sweet deal! Best part? They have a rule about not showing off or being a loud meathead. They really want everyone to feel comfortable there, despite their fitness level (and mine is bordering on pathetic currently).   If you want a little pampering, for an additional $10/month, you can be a Black Card holder and have access to unlimited tanning beds (both standing and lying), hydro massage tables (oooooh yes yes yes) and massage chairs, but best of all....the "Beauty Angel," aka Total Body Enhancement. That's some weird business right there. Don't get me wrong; i love it and use it often, but if you really want to be freaked out, just get inside that thing and turn it on.   Don your tanning goggles, step inside the chamber, place your feet on the foot-shaped plate in the center of the floor, pull the door closed, and hit "start." A hypnotic female voice gently tells you that your "vibrashake" session will begin shortly. MAKE SURE YOU PEE FIRST before doing the Beauty Angel. Trust me.   Upon hitting the START button, brilliant red lights come on which help stimulate collagen production and help you stay looking young. But that's not the best or weirdest part. The "vibrashake" starts and you feel as if you're either about to launch into space, or be shaken into a mushy pile of boneless goo. Or both. It's a little scary and unsettling at first. Stay with it, though. Once the fear subsides, it actually becomes really relaxing. Whether or not it actually helps reduce cellulite, as it claims, it's so bizarre and fascinating that i just don't care.
4 Basic gym, not a lot of frills, priced accordingly.   The good: Plenty of machines, the place is clean, always open,  with the Black Card membership hydro massage beds, red light therapy, and tanning are free and unlimited.   The not-so-good: Front desk staff seems annoyed with life, barcode scanner on cards would be helpful, more free weights and Smith machines would be utilized, better flow and placement of machines would be very appreciated  The bad: bowls of candy on the desk, pizza and bagel parties, Fox News constantly on several of the TVs.
1 I would not recommend this gym.  They say they want to portray an imagine of normal people and not the typical gym type. I went in there to cancel my auto draft and there is this buff and built guy at the desk.  Plus in order to cancel my auto draft it needed to be done by today so I went out of my way to come here to cancel and was told only a manager can stop autodraft and he isn't here till Monday which by then it will be to late.  Wth? I would spend the extra money and go to fitness forum. They have pool. .Jacuzzi and sauna and stream room.  So worth the extra $10
5 I used to attend LA fitness however I work until 11pm and am not able to use the gym as much as I would have liked.  I signed up for Planet Fitness and I love it!  I usually go 3 to 4 days a week from 11:30P to 1am and it is never busy at that time.    I'm not sure what the day time reception is like but Robert who works overnight is such an asset.  He is always wearing a smile and willing to help with anything I might need, you're awesome! :)  The gym is very clean and has all the equipment I personally need.
