3 This is a brand new location for Starbucks and it's mostly a drive through venue. There is a pint-sized area inside (4-5 tables) and a larger outdoor patio if you wish to relax with your beverage and pirate some wifi.  Employees here were prompt and pleasant. Overall, a fairly typical Starbucks.
4 This Is a New Store So Obviously It's Not Going To Be Perfect at First... Either Way No Place/Restaurant/Business Is Completely Perfect...   First Off, If you want to Ensure Your Order Is Correct Make Sure The Barista has your Order Correct and Don't Just Drive Up to the Window without Verifying Anything Because That Is More Likely to allow your order to be taken wrong. Please Do Your Best Not To Order Additional Items AT The Window Because It Will Only Take Longer And Consequently Will Make Any People In Line Behind You Wait Longer... So Please Avoid Ordering at the Window...   Also, Starbucks Is NOT Meant To be A Super Fast Drive Through Place As It Is Not Just Any Random Fast Food Place... It Is Meant To Be A High-Quality Welcoming Coffee Shop... So Do Not Be Surprised If The Wait Is a Little Too Long.. Especially If you saw a Long Line But decided To Go Anyways... In The End Your Nonfat Pumpkin Spice Latte Should Be Worth It... And If It's Not... The Person at the Window is Not to Blame... And Starbucks can Afford one less customer... Or two.. Nevertheless Patience Is a Virtue...   If you follow Through With These Tips, Your Starbucks Experience Should (And Will Most Likely Be) Great!
5 I like this Starbucks. I came in the afternoons and it was always a great experience.
3 Just your standard Starubucks with a new industrial modern look.  The interiors is cute.  BUT...   WORST PARKING LOT EVER!  - So pay attention when you go thru the parking lot.    And don't use the drive-thru, you lazy people.  You know who you are... You almost got me into 3 seperate accidents this morning.
4 Brevé Cappachino!    I've never been a big fan of taste of Starbucks coffee but, certainly, it's always a welcoming environment.  However, today...my coffee was brilliantly made...even in the paper cup!  Hoo-rah, for the new Starbucks on 7th St and Osborn!
3 I visited the establishment on Friday 11/15 in the afternoon.  I give this place 3 stars for the following reasons:  1.  Service was on the slow side at the registers (4 people in one line, 1 cashier - possible staffing issues).  2.  The wi-fi is PAINSTAKINGLY SLOW!! (with only 3-4 people present in dining area).  Internet speeds clocked in at less than 1Mbps at times.. never better than 1.5 Mbps (could hardly read emails, browse websites - and yes same experience on laptop, tablet device as well as phone).
3 I really like the layout of this new Starbucks and the building is pretty cool too.  Normally the services at Starbucks are pretty great.  But this time around we did not have a really good experience.  The guys that check us out were nice and friendly.  When we were waiting to pick up our coffee, we waited more than 10 minutes and we only had a couple of people ahead of us.  Also they make my mom's coffee wrong.    Since I really like Starbucks I will give this store another shot.
1 I rarely leave negative reviews.. but this is consistently the worst service out of any Starbucks I've been to - EVER. Unfortunately I go here because it is close to my house and I love starbucks iced coffee... But almost ALL the employees are always completely out of it, slow, not eager to help, and constantly make mistakes because thy aren't listening/don't care. It's so weird - I actually really think Starbucks manager and corporate staff would not be happy. Normally I love starbucks but this is more like an overstaffed-yet-super-slow store pretending to be starbucks. It's not fast or efficient like the brand is known for. It's like everyone hired here are high school dropouts with no desire to do anything. It's bad service EVERYTIME and the drive thru line is always really slow because the chick they always have it makes so many mistakes. Also- they never have the creamer out on the weekend mornings and it's like pulling teeth trying to get their attention to ask for it. All I get is a black iced coffee, and it ALWAYS takes at LEAST 10 minutes.... on the weekends after 10am. Not their busiest time. The line is just long because all the workers are alway so confused.
1 This Starbucks is never open at 5am when I try to stop by.  One morning I wasn't in a rush so I patiently waited for them to get their stuff together.  A half hour later I finally got my coffee.  I don't always have that luxury.  This morning, the interior lights were on but there was an employee standing outside, knocking on the door, to have no one open it for him.  The drive thru board was off as I drove through irritated that once again they were not open.  This was at 5:10am.  Every time I visit the store first thing in the morning they have not been open.   I don't plan on visiting this store again.  It's obvious there's a trend with the employees that they can't get to work on time.
5 My coffee spot. Everyone's super nice and I love my dirty chais. The drive thru is pretty quick as well. Sometimes I just like to go in and sit and wait for my coffee. Relaxing and I dig the inside layout. Yay!
5 I usually wouldn't write a review for a Starbucks, but this one is special.   Located in the Old School plaza on the corner of 7th Street and Osborn, this is one of the most well designed Stabucks I have seen. There is a nice shaded outdoor space with a giant couch and several tables. Inside, there are several 2-4 person tables with one large family style table in the center.  As for the service and coffee...its what you would expect from Starbucks.
1 Boo. There is already a great coffee shop on this corner  Urban Beans. Stay local get better service and food and drink.
1 I like this one, nice people, nice atmosphere, great location, I just for the life of me can't figure why whether in drive thru or in store, the service is sooooo slow and they often get drinks wrong! Not sure where the blame should go!
3 I would have thought they would have better service considering the overabundance of staff. Kind of an "iffy" location. Not easy in & out access. Parking behind store only.
3 Nothing to write home about. It's hit or miss when it comes to good service. It's also hit and miss when it comes to drink integrity. Some days the iced coffee I order is great and others it's over sweetened or had too much milk.
1 7 minutes to get an iced tea. I was inside and there was no one in front of me.  I rarely come to this location because it always takes this long whether its peak times or not.
1 Slowest Starbucks ever! Going on 15min for vanilla latte. 15min may not sound long, but for a drink, on a slow morning.
3 The drive thru is usually consistently efficient but don't bother going inside...they are slow, unfriendly and disorganized.  I have no idea how that is but I've been stopping in here pretty regularly for a few months and this is what I always get!
1 This Starbucks single-handedly caused me to swear off all Starbucks as my new years resolution. Every time I visited this location they were beyond slow, and have a tendency to mess up my order. I ordered a soy latte and got severely burnt regular milk. It's slower to go inside and be one of two customers than to be at the back of a 10 car line up in the drive thru. I only went here because I was in a hurry- the one things Starbucks is usually best at. I live across the street and will never go here again.
1 Slowest Starbucks in Phoenix. Whether I'm the only car in the drive thru, in a line through the parking lot (often), or waiting inside, they have never been faster than a 10 min wait time.  If you find yourself on the corner of Osborn and 7th, keep driving. Not worth it.
1 Horrible service. Long wait times.  No communication.  Over staffed and under performing.
1 Been to many Starbucks and this place is by far the worst. Staff are absolutely rude and unhelpful. How can there be absolutely no sugar or sweetener at 10am during a weekday? Unacceptable! And when I asked about it just got a snippy sorry? Never again, go to park central a few blocks over instead. This town needs a real coffee place instead of this corporate crap.
