5 This place is a secret treasure. For thirty bucks I got the best pedicure I've had in Madison.  It's too bad that I was in a rush, but I am very happy with the result. I will be returning.
5 The most relaxing pedicure I have ever had. KLC is super clean and the prices can't be beat. Only $30 for a long massage, perfect paint job, exfoliation, and paraffin wax!   Charlie, the owner, did my service and he was super friendly. He found out it was my boyfriend's birthday and put a smiley face on my leg with pink lotion and said I could take a picture and send it to him. Super cute!  If you come 9 times to the salon you get $10 off the 10th visit. There is a punch card to keep track of this deal. In addition to the services there is also free filtered water and candies.   Fabulous experience! I would recommend the nail salon to anyone!
5 Hands and feet down (pun intended) the best pedi I've ever had.  The amount of time they spend with you and the attention to detail and lasting polish is beyond the 30 clams you'll pay.
5 Absolutely the only place I will get my nails done in Madison. They are very competitively priced and do the most thorough job on both manicures and pedicures.  All the staff and personable and remember me every time I come in, regardless of who did my nails the last time. They have a ton of choices for gel polish (100+ colors) and are always getting new colors in.
3 Generally I love this place. Friendly staff. $30 pedicure includes massage and hot wax treatment. Clean, open space. Charlie is the best.  However, be wary of unexpected charges. I was offered glowers on my nails and said, "Sure, why not?" The flowers were only on my big toes, not very nice, and I was charged $5 extra dollars.
5 Wrapping up the best pedicure I've had..ever! Granted, I've never had one at an uber fancy spa, but have been to many strip mall and salon spaces in Madison and beyond.  The owner clearly cares about all customers, checking comfort and temperatue. Great teamwork by staff. They aren't rushing the pedicure and are checking work. Will definitely be back. FYI.. not sure if they take credit cards. I came prepared with cash. Spacious, modern, comfortable atmosphere.
5 Such a great pedicure! $30 gets you all the usual pedicure stuff, as well as a paraffin dip for your feet! Such a great bargain. Wide selection of nail color options, very friendly employees/owner and great massage chairs. Highly recommend KLC nails! Open until 3 on Sundays.
1 I don't understand the rave reviews about this place.  This was seriously the worst manicure experience I've ever had. (And this is coming from a budget nail salon junkie...I'm from Los Angeles, manicure universe, and have spent a few years in Madison for grad school.)  Arrival: I called ahead for an appointment, and yet was literally ignored from the moment I walked in the door.  It took almost 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge that I indeed was a client there for a manicure, and that was because I finally started literally hovering in the middle of the work area.  (There were 15+ employees there.)    Personnel: When I did get called, the young man (couldn't have been older than about 20) who gave me the manicure waved me brusquely over to his table.  He muttered a brief "hello" with no eye contact, and proceeded to give me the roughest, sloppiest, most non-hygenic manicure I have EVER had.  He managed to stare around the room in exasperation every 2-3 minutes, and yet avoided ALL eye contact or even the smallest polite conversation with me.  I literally got outright ignored by him after 2 attempts at polite exchanges.  It was the nonverbal language,  though,  that was the most clear that I was just another inhuman nuisance in his day. Rough, careless handling; refusal to make the most basic eye contact or human acknowledgement; looking in a completely exasperated way around the room every 2-3 minutes (DURING CUTICLE CUTTING, I might add) that gave the impression of thinly veiled near-hostility.   Manicure: The manicure itself was as careless and harsh as the employee's demeanor.  My experience is numbered below:  0) Overall,  there appeared to be NO SANITATION of instruments, and no rubbing alcohol / disinfectant was used on my newly trimmed cuticle during service.   (In my book, one or the other is a MUST for basic hygiene.)    1) To start, initial nail cutting and shaping was fine.    2) Then, no discernible cuticle cream was used, so he began shoving my cuticle into the nail bed using brute force.  Which hurt like hell.  I even pulled my hand away it got so painful,  which he then treated with supreme annoyance, and pulled my hand back to the table harshly.   As if my uncalled-for sensitivity was getting in the way of him phoning in his work and ushering people through the cattle manicure gates as fast and impersonally as possible.  So he proceeded to shove my bone-dry cuticles down again with brute force, both hurting my overall nail as well as the extremely sensitive area where cuticle meets lower nailbed.    3) The cuticle cutting was worse - he did his exacerbated-look-around-the-room in mid-cut several times, thus partially cutting my skin instead of the cuticle because he wasn't paying attention.  No attention to detail was given here...major hangnails were missed, and skin was cut WAY too low down into the cuticle (causing pain and stinging).  I still had cuticle left in visible spots on my nails, while other cuticle areas were cut far too low into the quick.    4) Last, I just got clear polish, and that was fine (hard to mess that up).  Aftermath: - Bleeding: THREE nails that literally bled from the cuticle for 4 days afterwards.   - Infections: TWO week-long nail infections. - Peeling: all nails with strange, slightly painful peeling below the cuticle for a week.   Summary: Overall, this is the worst manicure experience I have ever had.  Rudeness, carelessness, unnecessary pain, no sanitization, a sloppy manicure,  and resulting week-long bleeding and infections.
