5 Fresh food and fast, came in just to try the place, met the owners Eddie and Eddie, they were super nice. Even gave me a sample cookie. All I can say is you must try the fries! They are delicious. I had a wrap with crab (they have steak and chicken too) but the crab was amazing and HEALTHY! All the service employees were really nice.  Awesome new place will definitely be back!
5 Wrap me up and take me home ZiKiZ. Your food is BoMb. (I don't know why their name has a capital K in the middle. I almoSt wAnT to wriTe the WhOle rEviEw this way, but I'm too full now.)  Back to the wraps. Your choice of Steak, Chicken or Crab mix or Falafel and 4 types of tortillas you can wrap it in. Or if you aren't a wrapper you could make it into a salad or a bowl. This is your meal so make your food dreams come true.   Add: spinach, rice (white or brown), lettuce mix, olives, tomatoes, red onion, jalapeno, pickles, cucumbers, chick peas, green peppers, banana peppers, avocado, feta or mozzarella ($.99 extra for cheese), crumbled ZiKiZ chips.   Dressing: I want to try them all! A house dressing that's good, Chipotle Ranch, Asian BBQ, Citrus, Hot Sauce, Mango Curry, Caesar, Vinaigrette. I only wish they had a Tzatziki sauce.  Wraps $7.99 Salads $8.49 Bowls $8.49 (they even have Tabouli!)  This is one of those meals that you can make healthy or kill it with the carbs depending your mood that day. I like that. Did I mention they have a cheesecake wrap? Tubby didn't try that, but it sure sounded good especially since you can choose chocolate, lemon or strawberries as your topping. Might as well rip the drawstring out of your pants to make some more room.   I ordered online and like the fact they have the nutritional guidelines on there. Not that I even want to know about the cheesecake wrap.... Wait, strawberries are an exceptional source of antioxidants:)   If you haven't got the memo yet ZiKiZ is doing it big up in here. Fresh, simple and have it your way. If you like to be your own boss of what you eat than check it out.
5 Had lunch bowl today at ZikiZ and super yummy! The steak was nice and tender, the mango curry sauce SO tasty. My husband got a steak wrap on sundried tomato tortilla. Will definitely go back! Nice healthy meal that tasted really good- tough for a lot of places to get right.
5 I saw the reviews on yelp and figured I would try it out. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Manger welcomed me at the door, very very nice guy!!! The staff was really nice as we'll. The food was fresh steak is cooked perfectly. I got the spinach wrap with steak, humus, lettuce, onion with homemade rice and sauce. I can tell it's going to my new favorite place to grab a bite to eat.  With the fresh food great staff I will be back.  Hope the best for this restaurant! KCCO!
5 Hummus is amazing and fresh! Loved the falafels. I will definitely be back. Great owner, friendly staff
5 Had a great wrap! Nice new place. Excellent food, customer service and very clean. Reasonable prices. Will be back often.
5 Really great new Mediterranean place. Perfect if you want healthy, fast options that also taste delicious. Staff was friendly and knowledgable!
5 Great food, great service and nice staff.  This really is a franchise waiting to happen.  Eddie Sr. was very nice and accommodating.  He gave us our drinks for free since it was the first time we tried the food.  We live right around the corner and will be frequenting ZiKiz.  Try it!
4 Great service and atmosphere are always a must for me to return.  The food needs to be good too but a friendly owner and staff go a long way. The good news is the food is great too.  I know this place is new but they are doing everything right as if they had been there for years. Owner made suggestions at ordering and asked how everything was when I was finished.    I will return
3 Fast service but foid just didn't wow me. Basically looks like another chipotle knockoff with their take on greek food. Wasnt really crazy that the guy grilling the chicken used same pan that he used when chicken was raw to serve me in. Behind the counter looked a little dirty . Overall another medicore fast food place.
5 Zikiz has yet to disappoint me. Consistency is key and they've got it. Friendly service and great food every single time. I love love love did I mention love their wraps.   I get the spinach wrap with extra chicken instead of rice, lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, banana peppers, hummus and hot sauce. Holy crap I'm salivating just thinking about it. Their hummus and hot sauce are made in house and the flavors blend perfectly give it a try. They also have a citrus green tea which is pretty delicious.   Give them a try, I have no idea why people aren't lining up for this place but it just makes the time between walking in and inhaling my wrap that much faster.
4 I was about to grab a sandwich at Brooklyn Bagel when I noticed this place. I love Mediterranean food, so I thought this would be an interesting place to check out since it a casual little spot. I was greeted and walked through the process of ordering. It's basically the way you order at Chipotle. You pick your carb, meat and toppings. They have two spits, one roasting steak and the other chicken. I went with the steak wrap and added hummus, ZiKiZ dressing and the usual Med toppings to basically make myself a salad in a wrap. The steak was delicious. Not dry and had good flavor. I definitely would stop back by if in the area. Just wish they had room for one more spit to do lamb.
4 I just visited here for the first time after my yoga class at the bikram studio in the same plaza. I must have looked confused when I walked in, because they knew it was my first time. Service was fantastic, and the food is light, fresh, and delicious!   You can get a wrap (4 different kinds), rice bowl, hummus bowl, or.. something else I can't remember. For protein, you can choose from steak, chicken, falafel, or crab mix. And then you choose seasoned jasmine rice or brown rice, then toppings like tabouleh, hummus, olives, onions, peppers, cucumbers, etc. It's like a miniature, healthy, mediterranean version of chipotle.   I had a spinach & herb wrap with zikiz jasmine rice, falafel, tabouleh, cucumbers, hummus, feta, and olive oil vinaigrette. Super delicious. I have a pretty small stomach so I usually end up eating only half of anything I buy, but it was so good I ate the whole thing (and am now super full)!   Having moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, I have pretty high standards for food quality and I can tell you this place is fantastic.   highly recommended. I don't give 5 stars on a first date because I think consistency is an important factor in a rating, but after I go back a couple more times I'm sure I'll give them the upgrade!
5 Absolutely amazing steak wrap... Big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for..
5 As soon as I walked in the door, the wonderful smells of their food accosted me. I'm a huge fan of falafels and hummus and theirs is so tasty! The hummus is smooth and perfect, the falafels done just right. So much to choose from, I'm sure you won't be disappointed! Enjoy!
5 My husband said it best, "if Chipotle were literally next store, I would never go there, and I like Chipotle."  I've been on a hunt for great Arab food since we moved to Vegas 7 years ago. I've lived in Egypt, England, and Michigan (land of cheap and plentiful shwarama), and this is the first place that I've been to in the Valley that really gets it. The pick your wrap concept is so brilliantly suited to the kind of Arab comfort food that every college kid in England and Michigan is used to after a night of partying, but the level of choice also makes healthy and hearty completely plausible.  I had the falafel wrap and the falafel was obviously fresh, golden, and had a perfect marriage of crust and filling. I used to stop and pick up a dozen falafel on the way home from class in Egypt, and these would have fit right in. Sababa has been my go to falafel place, but these unseated them easily. The rest of the ingredients completed the taste bud experience: cucumber, tabouleh, red onions, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, black olives,  and feta ($.50 up charge).  My husband had the spinach and herb wrap filled with angus steak, ZiKiZ rice, hummus, onion and tabouleh and you already saw his verdict.  I had a side of tabouleh and it was so good I got another to go.  Now all I wish was that they had a branch in North LV.
2 Ok where is the tzatziki sauce? They don't carry it! Had the rice bowl and it was just that.. lots of mushy rice. I ordered the chicken and they hardly put any meat. The chicken tasted like tuna. Really wanted to like this place.
5 Hope this place succeeds. Healthy food on the go. Inexpensive. Great options. Wraps, rice bowls, salads. Good falafel. Quiet, clean place.
5 First time there today with my wife. My wrap and her salad were both fantastic. Healthy and tasty food, friendly service... What's not to like.
5 I really enjoyed the food here. Huge portions and very tasty steak. Had a hummus bowl and could barely finish half of it. I met the owner and he really seems passionate and caring about his business. It's great to see this kind of commitment to pleasing their customers.
5 We found this place completely on accident.   We were next door at Jamba Juice and it caught our eye.  We were greeted by 2 very friendly gentlemen.   I believe one may have been the owner.   He explained how to order.  You choose either a wrap, a salad or a hummus bowl.  I got the hummus, then you choose a protein I chose chicken.  From there you pick your extras.  So many to choose from.  It was inexpensive and delicious!  This is exactly the way I love to eat.  Clean, healthy and guilt free.  I will back... again and again!  Oh, one more thing, the "ziki sauce" is amaaaaaaazing! I hope they will think about selling it by the bottle!
5 I had the zikiz rice bowl with hummus, falafel, and zikiz rice.  It was super delicious!!  The French fries were also spectacular!!  Prices are good.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.
5 Amazing falafel! I was greeted by a kind and helpful man. The ingredients were all really fresh and you could customize to your liking. Super happy I found this place so close to home. They will know my name soon.
4 My awesome FPIC brought me here and it didn't sadden my taste buds. This place is great with their health options of wraps and vegetarian options.   The place is nice and opened with a lot of natural light. It is welcoming and clean.  The fillings are abundant and they definitely made it packed with fresh goodness! I almost didn't finish it and originally when they were building my wrap,  I thought it was not enough but when I ate it.....I realized how much they put into the wrap. The sauce is really flavorful and so was the wrap itself! My FPIC had the chicken bowl and he enjoyed it quite a bit, so much so thay he didn't even try offering a bite of his!  I will be back for more the next time I am there!
5 Had a veggie wrap with Hummus. It's was a large portion and super delicious! Fresh food and the owners are great!
5 Always drop by here when I am in the area. The food tastes great and is filling. They have a combo lunch deal for $10 that tastes great and isn't all greasy.
5 Oh, my! I stumbled on to this place for lunch and ordered a salad ( $7.99). You choose the meat and toppings. Everything made fresh including original recipe salad dressing.  Can add hummus and a variety of Greek style toppers and cheeses. So flavorful!  I will make this shop a regular stop!
5 Great food, esp falafel. The owner is very friendly and clearly cares about his customers. Theres nothing like walking into a business and the employees and owner know you by your first name.
4 Fresh and healthful food make this place a go-to in my book!   Needed a quick dinner around 8pm but didn't want to eat too heavy. We decided to try zikiz. I had a salad with chicken as my protein and the zikiz dressing, which was fantastic. A light vinaigrette that was delicious and refreshing. The ingredients were fresh. My husband had a rice bowl and LOVED it. He told them just to put a little of their homemade dressing and but raved about it and said he wished he let them put more on because it was so good. You can also get wraps and hummus bowls, which I'm sure we'll try some other time.   Friendly service, bright and clean restaurant, fair prices. I'll be back here for sure!
5 I was very impressed with ZiKiZ and found it because of its great reviews on Yelp. I'm normally a little reserved when it comes to trying new things like the concept they have going on here, but I'm so glad I finally gave this place a shot.   I had a bowl with ZiKiZ rice and steak. I added a little hummus and tabouli together with jalapeños, tomatoes, red onions, green pepper. I topped it off with the ZiKiZ sauce that was a sort of garlic vinaigrette. After my first bite I was sold. All of the ingredients went so well together. And this is coming from a food "separatist". I'm never a "mixer" and now I may have to rethink that whole strategy because I've probably been missing out.  Thanks ZiKiZ for making me see the light. Speaking of light, the food here is lite and healthy. It's a refreshing change when eating fast food. They also sell some gluten free, protein enriched desserts which looked tempting. I will definitely be back.
4 First time coming here but won't be my last.  Although they have a limited amount of food options what makes the difference is the taste and preparedness of the food, absolutely delicious.  I recommend the sticky brown rice with chicken added in it, mouth watering
5 If consistency is the key to success, well, Zikiz is going to be extremely successful. They are in a great location, the staff is always friendly and the food is delicious. Everything is hot and fresh. You can customize just about anything and the price is right. Keep up the good work guys!
5 Saw this place in passing when getting lunch to take to a friend and stopped in with no expectations.  I was SO thrilled to find all the amazing ingredients,  totally customizable to my taste, and friendly,  fast service.  Ive been telling all my other health-minded friends about this place as the best in the area to get a healthy, affordable, tasty meal.  Im gojng back today :)
5 Amazing food, simple menu, at an affordable price. I highly suggest you try the falafel!
4 The son of the owner who helped me prepare my food came out rude. But his dad was really nice. Other than that, I loved the steak wrap I got! Or should I say "burrito" LOL it was very tasty and huge!!! Thanks Zikkiz! Will definitely be back when I come back to Vegas!!
4 Came back here a couple more times, and I'm sad to say I won't be able to update this to a 5-star review.  One of the employees (I *think* this might be the owner's son, but this is a pure guess so I have no idea) is pretty unfriendly. Not rude, but just not friendly. Also finally had something other than the falafel - the chicken - and found it to be pretty dry.   Still going to be coming back here again and again, but definitely has room for improvement.
4 I'm definitely a fan of this quick eatery. If you're in the mood for some quick and reasonably priced Mediterranean food ZiKiZ is a good option. It's like a Subway for Mediterranean food, but better because it's not Subway. You won't regret giving them a try.
5 This place has become a habit. It's pretty amazing. That's all there really is to it, especially if you like wraps and fast-ish food that isn't ungodly unhealthy for you.. and let's face is, most of it is.   Food: YAY! Just yay! Everything I've tried here so far is great. They have 4 wraps that you can choose from, which are regular, whole wheat, Spinach and Herb, and Sundried Tomato. Whole wheat is usually my weapon of choice, but I've had the sundried tomato one as well and it was a-okay in my book. Oh, one more thing! They also have a gluten free wrap, so if you or somebody you know is gluten-free this place is fine. If you don't feel like a wrap, they have a variety of other options, such as bowls, plates, and salads...but really, wraps are just amazing and you should feel bad if you don't want to try one. Next is the meat. Omnomnom, meat. You can get chicken, steak, vegetarian fafalal, or crab (which of course costs extra.) I've had the chicken and steak. Both of them are good, but I prefer the chicken just because it's the healthier option and I'm pretty sure I could never get sick of chicken. Ever. The toppings are plentiful and I won't name all of them off, but the bonus here is that you can get hummus as a topping. YAY! They also have feta cheese. DOUBLE YAY!   Sauces: Yes, this gets its own category because their sauces are awesome as well. They have some crazy ones, such as Mango Curry, and Citrus, but all of the basics are there too. Ranch, Chipotle, Buffalo, etc. They have a special Zikiz's sauce, but don't worry, it's basically a posh oil blend. Once again, all of the sauces I've had were good. The Mango Curry is my favorite, by far, since it's sweet, but has a little tang to it as well. It's perfect for a chicken and hummus wrap.   Customer Service: I've been there a few times now and every time I go, the people working are extremely friendly. You are greeted and helped right away. The people are knowledgeable about the work environment and are readily available to hear you out for all of your Zikiz needs. In fact, if it's your first time, they are more then willing to explain the process of wrap making for you. The last time I was there, I had to get a gluten-free wrap for my friend, but didn't know what she wanted on it. She was at home sick, so I called her and asked. We were luckily the only ones in the store at the time, but when all was said and done, they ended up making her another wrap because the gluten-free ones tend to get hard after awhile. This impressed me, even though it was my fault it took so long. They were also patient.   So this place is amazing and it's definitely on my must eat at when I'm feeling lazy but fairly healthy at the time days. One of the reviews said it best. It's like Chipotle, but 10x healthier. They also sell humus and an assortment of gluten free items in a freezer they have there. Worth a gander if you are ever in the area. The only downside is that it's tucked away in a corner of the Smiths shopping center, so it doesn't stand out. Fear not, because it will after you eat there!
5 Amazing. Fresh. Friendly. Reasonable. Definitely check this spot out.   They do a killer job!!
5 If you have been to Greece and the Middle East there  is no contest who has the best hummus in Vegas. I have been to Lebanon on more than one occasion where hummus was  originated (PHOENICIANS) and copied by the Greeks (Alexander the Great), Turks, and other Arabic nations. The real thing made from  scrap with that integrety and taste by far  we are so lucky to have is ZIKIZ. It doesn't look like yellow glue, hard paste , store bought, that all you can  taste is the garlic.  ZIKiZ' recipe is original from the  old  country and even the dark  golden color tells you that  the smooth taste is different with the finest ingredients and yes garlicy but with a great mixture of the  chick peas, lemon, etc. takes you back in time for the real thing.  Try  it once and I am sure you will agree.  You've tried the  rest now it's time to  try the best.  M. Haddad, Chicago/Las Vegas.
5 I'm obsessed with Zikiz. It is just SO good. The only way I could describe it is, it's like a Lebanese Chipotle.    I usually get a wrap or a bowl, and they load it up with everything for me. I've had the steak which is great, but I'm really crazy about their falafel. I'm willing to go out on a limb and say its the best I've ever had. I crave this falafel.
5 We came here because of reviews on yelp. I am real picky about trying new places. Fresh and delicious. Friendly peeps. VERY clean. Will return again.
5 Love that everything is made to order and build your own.  The hummus is a must!  The management was very friendly and genuinely seemed to care about our experience.
5 Love Zikiz, great tasty food, my favorite is falafel, ingredients are always fresh and very tasty. The owner is very friendly and cares for his customers..
4 Excellent lunch spot! Fast, consistent and good! Everyone is friendly and the food is delicious. I got my co- workers hooked on this place. Very casual
2 It was my second time coming here...the first time was when they first opened, and i was not impressed...after a few months of being opened i figured they would have things together.......firstly i would like to specify that i LOVE their rice! it is soooooo delicious! and i made sure to compliment them on that fact several times........my biggest complaint that a bowl of rice, chick peas and some veggies is waaaaay over priced...but thats not the worst part.....my rice was SWIMMING in oil!!! if you look at the pictures that is all oil at the bottom of the bowl! it was like an oil soup! i ate as much of the surface rice as i could handle...it was too good to throw away...but it was soooo hard to eat any more.......i wish they would consider the fact that a vegetarian should not be charged the same amount as a meat eater...veggies are way cheaper than meat........paying almost $10 for a bowl of rice and veggies seems like robbery....yeah the rice is yummy(when its dry) but i will not be back.
