4 Totally different than one in downtown chandler.  Menu is a little different and the food is more expensive, but still tastes great.  Staff was friendly and place was clean.  Will go back.
5 Our first time at Morenos. AWESOME Mexican Food. Two (of best tacos I've had in long time) rice & beans $8,49 great specials like Wed $1.99/tacos. Chen them out. (S.W. Corner Gilbert & Germann in Chandler, AZ)
1 Three times, three failures every time! I had waited for a chance to get good Mexican food, and the hot dogs that were pretty good at the Arizona Ave location. So, after the place was open four days, I came in. Total traffic jam of way too many employees bumping into each other! Once we got a trained waiter. We received someone's order! Not ours!!! It sat while we desperately tried to flag down someone, one kid kept refilling our water, over and over, and he said he would try to find someone who could help!!! WTF! When the oblivious ill tempered waitress came over,,she said nothing and grabbed up all the plates, then here comes our order COLD!! Beans slightly over room temp,,the rest were cold. Been sitting around waiting to be delivered to us, not under a lamp...Remember the Mexican place in Litchfiend park, ecoli that almost killed 56 people the month before? I want my food at LEGAL temps! I sent all our food back as unacceptable , they put it all in a microwave! So we had soggy veggies soggy tortillas and it horrible! next time, went in and our party got a filthy table,with food in the seats ! It had been wiped with a dirty cloth. We asked for a re-do please, and were cussed! In Spanish! I SPEEK Spanish !!! And we got up and went to firehouse next door for HOT Food! Last time I went was the worse. The floor was littered in crushed chips, most tables not cleaned, and FIVE kids in uniform playing grab ass behind the counter when they should have been cleaning up! I love GOOD mexican food , this time I asked for a simple beef tostada! I could not keep my eyes off the floor, all the mess!!! I got a COLD plate, I had enough! I called the kid over, I stuck my finger into the tostada to show him it was Luke warm in the beans, and the beef strips were room temp. I warned him about bacteria growing on sub heated food, and demanded the bill, I'll pay but I am done with the s h I t t y attatude and careless food prep !! He said no need to pay, and he apologized for the cold food. AVOID this place if you value your health! I can get a crappy attitude and sloppy service and live with it if the food is kicking, here they act like you have interrupted their play time, Never again.
1 This was my third visit, and my last. Each time I come, I try something else- thinking my last poor experience was just a fluke. It's not, this place just stinks.   This time, the food was average, at BEST.  Though it was hot, it took awhile to get out and looked like it had just been thrown on the plate! The worst was the service. Never have I ever tipped under 10% or had such a poor customer service experience. The waitress came to take our order and then disappeared (busers brought out our food, and then too disappeared). We literally had to waive her down to ask for our check, and even then, she never showed up again. Ten minutes later, we had to waive down the manager to get our check. No water refills, no checking on our order (when we needed items), nothing. Lunch was miserable, overpriced, and long. DO NOT BOTHER.
3 So this is a decent neighborhood Mexican joint. The food is pretty good and the price point seems about right. Have visited quite a few times with the family and the kids really likes it.   The good: The bean dip is yummy. They also provides two different types of salsa. The usual red, and a sweet green salsa. I like most of everything I have tried. I like the different variety of meats they offer, including lengua. I wish they had cabeza.  The bad: Limited seating. Outside tables are bolted down, so you can't combine them if you have a larger party. Also, if you sit inside next to the patio door, the patio door slams every time a server goes in and out and it's bound to drive you nuts eventually.   The ugly: Ordered the crab relleno last night. I was all excited cuz Abuello's used to have this dish called crab mazanillo that's basically a fancy crab relleno. It was my favorite dish until they took it off the menu. Anyhow, so I was looking forward to trying it out at this place. Well, guess what? It's not even real crab. They stuffed it full of fake crab. So it just became a breaded and fried chile full of fake crab. I ate maybe 1/3 of it before I gave up. It just didn't taste good and it really didn't make me want to keep eating it. Honestly I would've been happy to pay a little more for real crab. And they really shouldn't lie to customers and say it's crab when it's "krab". I'm more irritated at the dishonesty than anything else because we like the place.   In conclusion: Don't order the "crab" relleno. Everything else so far has been decent.
1 DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU THINK THIS IS THE SAME AS THE MORENOS IN MESA.  I was in the area and about to stop at the Chipotle down the street, but I flipped a u-turn once I saw the sign for Morenos. $3.89 for a regular soft carne asada taco?! Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this the same company as the Morenos in Mesa on Broadway road?? Their tacos are less than $2 each and oh so delicious... I haven't even eaten my food and am already upset. 3 tacos for $11.67+tax... That would've gotten me a burrito bowl at Chipotle along with a drink and maybe chips. I guess they overcharge for "authentic" carne asada tacos when selling them in a mostly new and white neighborhood.   I'm normally not one to rant or even give reviews, but as someone who's tried authentic tacos all over the valley, that didn't rub me the right way. There's not even a salsa bar!!! The green salsa had no hint of spice, it almost tasted sweet. To add to the disappointment, these are not authentic carne asada tacos. They come with shredded cheese, guacamole, and pico. Real street tacos usually just come with cilantro and onions.   Needless to say, it's a good thing I live not too far from the Mesa location, because I will never be back and don't recommend it. Too overpriced and not tasty.
1 Went in for lunch today and walked out after waiting 20 mins for a server to come to our table.  No one came by, no water, no one to take our order, nothing!  Servers were either all yacking behind the counter or all 3 of them waiting on 1 table.   Everyone should skip this place and go to New Mexican Grill instead.
4 So I've never been to Moreno's before and I feel like I have missed out on some delicious food! For any new comers, you NEED to try the Estilo Sonora - basically hot dog heaven. It's an easy and cheap add on to your meal, especially if you like hot dogs with lots of toppings and an amazing bun - You won't be disappointed.   My other order was pretty plain and simple, a bean and cheese burrito. It was done right and tasted like it should. Food came out quick enough for a great work-lunch spot and we had great service.  Word to the wise: the booths aren't comfortable if you're on the larger side...I'm just saying.
5 Okay, first of all, don't trust all the poor reviews. One of them rated this restaurant when it was only 4 days old for being too crowded and disorganized. It was open only 4 days, give them some time to work out the kinks.   Another bad one I read was about how the pricing is too high compared to their other location in Chandler. The other location is not a sit down restaurant with servers so of course the price will be a bit more; more overhead. If you are wanting a quick, less expensive experience, the other location is better for that.   My hubby and I went today at 1:30. The restaurant was busy but we were able to sit down right away. They brought us chips with two salsas plus bean dip. The salsas were delicious. The green tomatillo salsa was a little sweet and mild. The red was very tasty and also mild. My husband loved the bean dip. The first batch of chips and accompaniments are free. I had iced tea which was also very good and tasted fresh brewed.  Hubby ordered the crab relleno which comes with a good sized portion of rice and beans. OMG, that thing was delish! At only $8.99, it was a very good value. I usually hate rellenos but this one was crisp, filled with fresh delicate crab in a spinach cheese sauce, and was all very flavorful. So good! I highly recommend it.   I had the pollo fundido. It was quite good as well. It was, what I consider, a shareable size and came with rice and beans as well. I liked how it wasn't super greasy or completely drowned in cream sauce. It had just enough under the melted cheese to add flavor without overpowering it. The chicken had good flavor and was obviously not canned or frozen. For $7.99, I felt like I definitely got my money's worth and I have half of my meal leftover for lunch tomorrow.   The host and server were kind, quick, and efficient. We only waited maybe 10 minutes for our food. The atmosphere was nice and the music was not obtrusive. They have a nice little patio that I'll have to try before it gets too hot. I would not hesitate in recommending this Moreno's Mexican Grill, it was a very good experience.
4 This is a nice cross between a "Garcia's sit down and a "Filiberto's" grab and go. They have an extensive menu selection, you may have a hard time deciding what to get. The salsa's and bean dips that come with the chips taste very fresh and unique. The wait staff we have both times were very attentive and pleasant. The only down side for me was my son ordered bean burro and the first bite made the bottom explode and squirted all the contents out. They were kind enough to make him a new one, which did the same thing. :) All in all, worth a visit. They even have fried ice cream, which is a plus with kids.
3 Fair - beans were barely warm. Rice is real flat. The pineapple sauce on the shrimp taco is good, they use salad shrimp this don't devein the shrimp  Service was ok seems like waiter couldn't grasp what I wanted thus a mix-up on what was delivered.   Straws and food droppings on floor - lunch rush just ending good time to do little fleshing (ok not sure but had customer move so could clean around base of table; should've been done prior to customer sitting)  Again, I've had worse and I've had better!  Always worth a try!
5 This is one of our favorite mexican food joints. We can't get enough of their bean dip and green salsa. The green salsa is actually the best I've ever had--whenever we go we end up buying a pint of it to go. My wife always gets the tostada (a.k.a. a chalupa" from where I come from), taco, and enchilada combo which she really likes and I usually swap back and forth between the tamale or the enchiladas. Good stuff. This is also the first place I've ever had a Sonoran Hot Dog which was pretty darn good too. If you haven't tried this place, you should!
4 Small establishment in a strip mall,  but the service was good,  the food was excellent,  and the price was decent as well.   Next time I'm in AZ and craving Mexican,  I'll more than likely make this stop.
2 Loud, small restaurant.  Third visit.  It gets worse each time. Waitress wanted us to order the second we sat down.  When we asked for a few minutes,  she disappeared for twenty.  I asked twice if all the appetizers were half priced. She responded that they were. When I went to order the shrimp cocktail,  i was told it wasn't half priced. I ordered two lettuce wrapped tacos-from the appetizer menu. The chicken one was so dry, I thought it was dry fish.  What kind of a Mexican restaurant cannot grill chicken?  The salmon taco was fine. Surprise!  The tacos were not half priced either!  Dried salsa on the wood paneling. Children standing on chair screaming.  It was NOT a happy hour!
5 This place is THE BOMB! When we got here it liked very busy and I was afraid we'd have a long wait but it was only about 10 min. We were seated quickly got our chips and two types of salsa and bean dip within minutes of being seated. Our server was very friendly and knowledgable. We all ordered the crab relleño and it was soo delicious! The coating on the relleño was thin and very crispy, packed with crab and smothered with this creamy spinachy ranchero sauce.    I will definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone!
5 Went here for lunch the other day and got the spinach enchiladas. They were excellent and there was a large amount of food. The chips and salsas that started my meal were excellent. I'm a sucker for a nice thin, crispy tortilla chip and the bean dip in particular was really good also.   I ordered one of each the cream sauce and the green. And I preferred the cream mainly because I are too much of the hot sauce and the cream sauce helped to cool down the heat. The sides were rice and corn so overall it was a very loaded plate.   And they were fast. I was well fed and done in less than an hour and able to get back to my day. I'll be back :)
5 This place is really clean, including the bathrooms which isn't common at Mexican restaurants. I like that you can pick where you want to sit. Its a little small but the service is fast and friendly. The food is the best! I love Mexican food and I'm always trying new places and this is by far the best. The prices are a little more than I'm used to but I'm okay paying that because the food is fresh and hot and the place is clean, service is great, and the bean dip is so good. I will be back!
1 We just ate lunch here.  Chips and Salsa were great.  I ordered the Pollo Fundido.  Other Mexican restaurants I've order this at have drenched the jalapeno cream cheese over the dish, but not here.  =(  I was disappointed when I asked for sour cream, because after the first bite, I didn't even think there was the "cream sauce" on the dish.  After the fourth bite, I got to some of the cream sauce, and it was maybe 1 tsp slabbed on the top.  I then asked for more cream sauce, which I told was going to be a dollar charge.  (It was actually a little over a dollar, and then I was also charged for the sour cream)  Our waitress was a sweet, but as a server, I would have NEVER charged extra for a sauce that was already on the dish, and probably not for the sour cream.    I was disappointed with the service and the lack of fundido sauce.  I wouldn't return to this location.... stinks since it's so close to my work. I wasn't expecting a $15 lunch today.   =(
