5 We went in Friday early evening. Thought we would check out what looked like a fresh new place.  Atmosphere in the restaurant felt modern and cool but also intimate. Had the chicken pasta as well as the onion rings, as an appetizer.  The chicken was perfectly season and juicy, the whole dish was fresh and healthy...which was a nice balance to the also delicious onion rings.  Caught the end of happy hour. I had a $3.50 Corona, but I was told the beer specials will rotate. The service was great and we'll definitely be coming back and suggesting friends check it out too.
1 I was super excited to see a new restaurant opening up in the neighborhood. I ordered the calamari appetizer  and a basil martini. The calamari was pretty good and so was the martini. The reason I'm only giving 1 star is that the martini glass was not filled to the top and when I finished it the bartender walk over to the leftover drink and instead of refilling my glass she drank it! Needless to say I didn't stay for dinner.
4 Friend of mine wanted to meet up for a quick bite, and suggested we should try "Rock and vine".    I ordered "Braised Lamb Shank".  It was delicious and had a great flavor.  Service was great, and owner greeted us with a perfect smile.  I recommend to anyone who's wanting a quality food and friendly service.
5 Wow what a great addition to Scottsdale! Sophisticated friendly place to meet friends.   The food at rock & vine is creative and tasty. The menu is well rounded  and mouth watering good.  The service was excellent with quality food at an amazing price.  Six of us enjoyed a great evening. Wow what a good deal if you are getting one of their signature martini's which are generous and so yummy.  Try the basil cucumber smash!!!!  The baked prosciutto & mozzarella started the night.  I had the balsamic glazed salmon simply perfection. Around the table everyone tried something different.  We can not wait  to come back.  Looking forward to being our go to spot.
5 It is a big surprise that finally after 25 years of riding  in Scottsdale. I am now a happy cowboy to find a fantastic restaurant. Rock and vine has fabulous food at a great price. The wine selection is worth getting on my horse and riding  a long way.  Seriously the service and atmosphere  here feels like home.  The staff from bottom to top is very attentive to your needs. My buddies and I all agree this is the place to stop after golf and enjoy excellent food without killing the wallet.
2 Food average.  They never heard of Amstel Light beer.  Note that the 5 star review was from Detriot where the own owners are from. His only review ever! This could be a good place. Get draft beer which is necessary for your type of place.  I'm not sure what you are trying to be as a restaurant.  Second visit confirms the fact that the food is less than average.  The meat loaf was blah, my wife's ribs were not meaty with BBQ sauce that probably came from a bottle at Safeway.  The waiter did not know the specials and brought a beer that was not what I ordered.  Adding to the ambiance was a group near us with a small child that either cried or was allowed to run around the restaurant like it was in a track meet.  I don't understand why anyone would return here.  Also very small wine pours for the price
5 Just moved to Scottsdale AZ.  My husband and I went for dinner on a Saturday night.  Had an amazing server, food was awesome and for a change we did not over pay like you do at every Scottsdale AZ restaurant.  Will be back in a heartbeat!!!
5 our first time at rock and vine and it was phenomenal !! the food was a bit of a wait being the 6th week they opened .... the caprese salad better than most ... the calamari tender in a great sauce!!! burger and steak sandwhich a ten!!! 2 tens !!! gonna return !!!
5 I have waited a while to write a review, as I like to try a venue multiple times before I commit to a solid opinion. Well, having been there 7 or 8 times now, I think I can safely say this place rocks. SUCH a welcome and refreshing change from other neighborhood establishments, which are either hopelessly low-brow (e.g., Greasewood Flat) or prohibitively priced (e.g., Mastro's).  I have been to the Rock & Vine with groups of various sizes and everyone I have taken there has loved it. One of the other reviewers is correct in praising the Jerk Chicken Salad--definitely the best I've ever had. The Beef Tenderloin and Filet Salad are both excellent although I did find the portion sizes of the meat a bit skimpy for the money. The calamari appetizer is fantastic. My only quibble is with the happy hour house red, which is a pretty awful table wine. I hope they change that.  We have had several servers, both of whom were pleasant and efficient, but I think the award goes to LeeAnn, who served a table of eight of us on a VERY packed Friday evening and made it all seem effortless. She didn't miss a beat. I predict this place will do VERY well.
5 This is such a great restaurant!  I frequent this restaurant about once a week.  The food is fabulous.  I love the soups, they are made daily and are are wonderful.  The Caesar salad is excellent with just the perfect amount of dressing.  The Dover sole is delicious and I truly enjoy the chicken on a skewer with basmati rice pilaf.  Everything I have ordered has been very tasty.  The owners and staff are very welcoming and friendly.  I love  the way they have decorated too.  This restaurant has great ambiance.  I definitely recommend.  The bar is fun and inviting as well. A must try!
5 For those who follow my reviews, you would think I love every restaurant we go to. In this review, all I can say; THIS IS THE BEST! Ambiance....perfect.  Soft (live) guitar in the background. Noise...perfect.  Very easy to hold a conversation Lighting....perfect.  Not too bright...not too dark Food....Outstanding.  Wife had best rack of lamb ever...and I had a olive/cheeseburger Drinks...free poured vodka rocks...very generous Service...perfect.  Thank you Alissa  The best part: Price...much more than fair.  Appetizer of shrimp, two entrees, one salad, four drinks, one Sprite, and a killer desert.  How much?  $99.00 before tax and tip.  Can't wait to return.  If I were to be foolish enough to open a restaurant, this is what I would have opened.    Thank you Evans and Chef.  A perfect...DOUBLE perfect evening.  Larry and Andi lkcowboy@aol.com
3 There is a place down the road called Soul Cafe, well this place should be called  The Souless Cafe. Poor ambience, very dark, quiet customers and the whole atmosphere was eerie. Few customers seems to be the trend here. However the food was very good, ribs excellent, as were the 2 hamburgers we ordered. Service ok, quick to top up drinks , clarified all the orders, offered options. No problem there. Good wine and martini lists. Worth a try if you like quiet places with no atmosphere!
