4 This place is open and ready to rock!!  Charming little breakfast spots are always welcome and this is one of them.   I went on the sweeter side and rocked the Egg Nog French Toast (which the chef was thrilled I ordered!), a Pumpkin Butterscotch Muffin!, and a Chai tea.  damn...I'm such a future fattie.   But let's get real, this place is behind the new Cornish Pasty is a nifty little house with a great patio.    They will be seeing my face again.
5 Great little place had omelette and potatoes and good iced tea. Owner? understands gluten free which isn't always the case he even has GF bread to offer sandwiches on which I'll try next time!  They serve cartel coffee which is huge plus, best coffee around and locally roasted.
4 alo cafe' is tucked at 1st and goldwater blvd. next to a very charming gift shop-named jam.  the cartel drip coffee is the best i've ever tasted. the smoothie was great with real fruit and your choice of milk-cow's, half+half, soy, almond or coconut.   i chose almond+coconut!  it was great.    my mom and her friend enjoyed the "jamaican rice made with real butter + spices etc. mom chose to add "balsamic" chicken + ordered vernors ginger ale.  her friend chose the spicier "jerk" chicken+diet vernors.  i tasted - of course!  it was great even without the 12+hot sauces they offer!   regular offerings include: monte cristo sandwiches, grilled cheeese! specials of that day included: "open-faced" waffle with syrup+raspberry+blueberry jam, meat was offered although i don't remember which kind.  inside was chilled to perfection!  we sat out in the sun-umbrella +shaded tables were available.  young lady cashier answered all 100 ???'s non-flustered+chef was very nice as well!!!  all around winner!  hope they have the estonian pudding desert available on my next visit!  handicapped parking (2), tiny lot + street parking!
5 Alo Cafe is a quaint spot right behind Cornish Pasty in Old Town. The outdoor patio is so cute, but there were not outdoor outlets to plug in my laptop. There is free wifi, and plenty of outlets inside. Everyone working was so friendly, the chef even came to talk to myself and another table about our food! I tried the iced tea and it was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Coffee is from Cartel Coffee Lab (the owner of Cartel help them get set up to open, according to the chef), and is really good! Food is good - would be a great spot for breakfast or lunch!
5 All I can say is wow. This place is just the perfect brunch. Tucked away in Scottsdale behind the pasty co. We had the pancakes, omelette, ans curried rice. The pancakes were mosit a s fluffy, the compote had a harmonious blend of flavor, the curried rice was the best I've ever had. The omlette was just amazing especially with the breakfast potatos, I high recommend to anyone looking for the perfect breakfast,brunch,lunch spot.
5 Everyone here was extremely friendly and the atmosphere alone made it a great place to visit. The food was amazing as well. We got a smorgasbord of curried rice, pancakes with the compote, and an omelette and potatoes and every single bite was eaten. It is just a great place overall and you should come visit it and help this new business flourish.
5 I l Love this little hidden gem! The Yerba Tea (and the story behind it) are absolutely delightful! My favorites here are the Jerk Chicken and Curry Rice (to die for) and the crystallized ginger and mango scones.
5 Great food, real fresh and full of taste!
4 I mean, seriously, +10 for the service. It's totally earnest. I wouldn't say its overly prompt or efficient, but its hard to fault a guy who is trying so hard.   We went for breakfast.  I loved Alo because its adorable and it wasn't crowded with the Spring Training-already loaded-at-9AM-hipsters. Surely after getting such great reviews that will change, but that's the price of success I guess.   MY food was pretty forgettable, I had a breakfast sandwich, it just looked so sad and lonely on my plate. Pretty meh. But everyone else's breakfast looked amaze-balls and they scarfed it up. My breakfast sandwich was gone pretty fast too...it just wasn't anything to celebrate. Also, not at ALL a fan of that coffee. I drink a lot of coffee and I had no desire to have cup #2. But you know, coffee is pretty subjective...so let me know what you thought.   So if you go: skip the breakfast sandwich, do something else. And keep it a secret, because this place is tiny and the service can't get much more earnest.
5 A delightful place. Small and limited menu, but a great patio and the found is quite good. Tucked away, I'm not sure if this business will sustain, but it deserves to. Try the eggs de Madrid. We asked for fruit instead of potatoes; it was very good. We will definitely have lunch here again.
5 Excellent coffee and muffins.  The rest looked very good too.  A little gem tucked away off the main street. Good choice if you are looking for an informal breakfast or lunch with some innovative thinking in the menu.
5 Awesome service! and super friendly. It's such a wonderful little cafe. I love to come here and have a nice cup of coffee and relax. I like the variety in their menu. So I'd say, come in and support their business, it's such an awesome place to be.
5 Friendly and casual. Nice outdoor patio. Great homemade food at a good price. Will definitely return when we're back in town!
5 Very friendly service. Lots of global food choices- definitely ask about options to order something delicious. Family friendly also.
5 Superior service. Great coffee. Can't wait to come back often to explore the delectable menu.
5 Cozy cafe atmosphere.  Food top notch from scratch.  Pancakes REALLY tasty.  Huevos Madrid with smoked salmon and shrimp outstanding.  Cartel coffee was perfect and owners are so friendly!
5 Second time here, and once again they are awesome. I meant to write a review last time but I was too busy recommending Alo to all my friends. Great original menu and friendly service.
4 This restaurant/coffee shop is in a cute little house next to Cornish Pasty Co.  There are about six or seven tables in the whole place, they also have an outdoor patio.  You order at the counter and they bring your food to your table.  It is owned by an Estonian couple, when we were there the wife brought our food to us.  She was very friendly and told us her husband was the chef.  I ordered the french toast and it was very tasty, it had berries and strawberry sauce as well as a flaky crust sprinkled on top that made it very good.  The coffee is also very good.
5 Hands-down THE best breakfast (and probably lunch, as they have the original Sabrett hot dog) place in Old Town.   I didn't eat one thing that was not homemade, from scratch, even my corn beef hash looked and tasted like that portion was made just for me (and I think it was).  Steve, the owner, and I wish I could remember the chef's name, are there and more than helpful to tell you where the recipes came from (from NYC where steve was born and raised to Africa and many other parts of the world), what they have in the works for new items, etc. The coffee is Cartel, the bakery items/food is homemade & they have Sabretts;  Not much else to say.  If you want to impress with breakfast, this is the only place to go.  Glad I just moved to the neighborhood.
5 Wow!  Pancakes with fruit compote was Amazing!  Friendly staff too!  If I lived here id be here often.
5 Went here today for breakfast and loved it! Tried the 2 egg combo with potatoes and toast. Food was fresh and good. Also tried the Chai latte what was ok. The place is small but really cute. Everyone who worked there was nice and made us feel welcomed. We will be back!
5 The owner has traveled all over the world and creates his menu based on his favorite finds. The international cafe serves items such as rusks, tortilla espanola, and Jamaican jerk curry chicken. I went here for breakfast and was pleased to see they serve Cartel Coffee which is locally roasted in Tempe. I had the Meditterrean omelet which came with Rosemary roasted potatoes. There are 20 different types of hot sauces to choose from. I also had the French toast with fruit compote. The French toast was soft and chewy on the inside and had a nice cereal type outer coating.
5 Stopped in for breakfast twice. The foot was excellent, the staff was very friendly and offered information about local events and venues. The staff was also happy to explain the menu and specialties. This place is a must if your in the area!
2 First impressions were that it was a quaint, out of the way little breakfast diner. After inquiring about the menu it turns out everything is pretty much a la carte.  I don't know how this place got rated a single $ but $7 for pancakes is not inexpensive. One of the biggest qualms I had was that they charged $1 for a glass of water. Not a bottle, a glass of water. After I finished it I dared to ask if they did free refills. Who charges for water???  The food was good. But nothing amazing. Definitely not worth the $35 we ended up spending. I think with a 5 star rating from numerous reviews I expected much more and it was a letdown. Upon looking at some of the reviews it seems like many came from people who had only 1-3 reviews so I wish I would've noticed that first.  All in all, not a $ but more a $$. And not a 5 star place at all.
5 The food was fantastic and we would definitely go back again.  Steve did an excellent job explaining the specials; he visits several businesses to put together the ingredients for the entrees  Mike in the kitchen was amazing in the way he handled the orders on a Sunday morning. It was impressive how puts out orders with such speed.
5 This a nice additional to the Scottsdale food scene. The menu is "Global" and inspired. African, European, East Indian or just their take on good ole American food. The place is cozy, the food is excellent and the owners are friendly. Almost everything is made from scratch! Try it when in the area.
5 Enjoyed the food, service and conversation with owner Hilja and chef Michael. Will make it one of our "go to" places.
5 My mom and I were needing some afternoon caffeine so we walked into the cafe without realizing the cafe was already closed (whoops).  The owner was awesome though and still made us two iced coffees. He was nothing but kind and helpful. We were extremely thankful!! The iced coffee was exactly what I needed too, strong and refreshing. We enjoyed it on the beautiful courtyard.
4 My wife and I  stay in Scottsdale twice a year when we visit our grandchildren and always look for good breakfast places.  Sunday we found a gem at  Alo's.    Steve greets you standing next to the cash register as you order and guides you through the menu. Mike comes out to make sure how you want your eggs cooked.  Conversation ensues while you dine and what a  small world it becomes when my wife and Mike learned they went to the same school in N.J.  Steve and I talked about  out experiences visiting Argentina.  After eating  corn beef hash at two other breakfast   places, I found the one I really enjoyed that was actually ground instead of chopped  and cooked with a nice crunch topped with runny egg yokes.  My wife also enjoyed her Yuctan  omelet.  Very friendly and enjoyable.
4 Food was great. We had the shrimp omelet and the Christo waffle and our kids had the pancakes with berry compote. And we both had the Cartel coffee which we've heard from our parts is phenomenal.   The owner was there and was very kind and helpful! Our server was great - super friendly and helpful.   The areas of improvement are ambiance and cleanliness. But otherwise excellent!
4 The food was good. This place is tucked in behind the new Cornish Pasty and a little gem. I had the two eggs with potatoes and toast. I added in a side of bacon. Everything was hot and made to perfection. The only complaint that I had was that the coffee was very acidic and reminded me of old diner coffee. My buddy had the french toast and while the bread was a bit bland the fresh compote was excellent. It's a nice little gem and I hope more people find it so they can stay busy.   I didn't eat any baked goods but the key lime pie looked amazing.
