5 I honestly love Vo's Nails. It's family owned and they do exceptional work. I usually go to Mikey for my gel manicures. He is so meticulous and really pays attention to detail, not to mention he's a bad ass at rock star ombré nails! I like that he'll always try to do whatever crazy design I ask. They are very good about staying up to date on the latest nail trends too so they always know what I'm talking about when I come in asking for something I saw on Pinterest. (lol.)   Han is the shop owner and he's a great nail artist as well. He is very personable and his positive energy is infectious. I would recommend either of these two for someone to see. I also like that they keep their prices low for what I think is more work. They don't charge an arm and a leg per nail for each design which I appreciate. Also their gel acrylics made my nails grow back super strong!!! Love these guys!
5 It has been about 4 months since I have gotten my nails done. And the last place I went the salon tech kept cutting me with the grinding tool. So I was turned off by that place. So just by chance when I was shopping in the store next door I saw this nail salon and decided to try it out as I needed my nails done before I went on vacation. And I have to say this place has EXCELLENT service!!! Han and his family were very friendly. The salon is very clean and spacious. I went in for a full set acrylic with gel polish and a pedi with gel polish.  I am very satisfied with my nails. This my new nail salon from now on...and it is so convenient for me since I live about 5 minutes away.  It is near stores that I shop at very frequently so I will be back that is for sure!!!!
5 Love this place. I finally found great place to get my nails done.  Han is wonderful! Great staffs as well.
4 The gentleman that did my manicure/pedicure did a fantastic job on the french tips and made sure they looked very beautiful, for both the fingers and toes. The hands were air-brushed, which made them look very neat. I had a hard time understanding him, but we communicated enough to make sure the nails were done how I wanted.   My mom had a solid color put on her nails and was not impressed. There were little bits of nail polish left on the skin around her nails, so it did not look very professional. At the end she was left under the UV lamp to let her nails dry...without the lamp on!   The place was fairly clean.
5 Went in today for a full set and Han did a great job! He made them look short and natural just the way I like them! Thanks Han  see you soon!
5 Okay so after reading a bunch of great reviews online about Vo's i decided to make an appointment for me and my sister to come in and get our nails done. I had a bad experience getting acrylics at a nail shop just up the street and wanted to try out a new place. They were all very nice. And did a great job on our nails. & It was only 20 for acrylics. Nothing more! I Definitely recommend this place :)
5 In town celebrating my son's wedding, I came in to Vo's looking for a pedi/mani/fill's for 5 people on 6/6/14, including the bride.   One of the best experiences we'd ever had. We all agreed on that.  The fact it's family owned and operated makes for a great time.  From the customers to the staff, everyone was happy and engaging.   Thank you Vo's for being so attentive and making us laugh. We loved our time with you.
4 I have been coming here for almost 4 years.  I really like the family atmosphere of the place and I always feel welcome.
