5 Amazing, Creative, Intuitive, Personal  Cherie and her entire team have been the best thing that could have happened to our Wedding and my Boudoir photo shoot & gift... For a wedding gift to my future husband I wanted to do a boudoir shoot. The Boudoir Cafe had an awesome makeup and hair girl. The team know how to make you feel comfortable and sexy. I would encourage every woman to do this at least once in their life. You will walk out feeling incredible and confident. Not only was it a fun experience I can't believe how amazing and sexy the photos are.   Wedding day was so easy and magical! With so much stress leading up to that day you want a team who is professional and aware. Cherie and her fabulous crew (including the videography team) were proactive and on schedule. They did not miss a single "Kodak moment." My husband and I just went with the flow. We wanted to live in the moment on our day and not worry about anything. Living in the moment gets you the best shots. The team took care of everything. Just follow their direction and feel the happiness. Our photos are beautiful works of art. They are perfect moments captured and immortalized forever.  The Videographer works directly with Cheriefoto and The Boudoir Cafe. We decided to have the videographer on a whim. We are so happy we made this choice! You absolutely need a videographer and one who works well with the photographer. The team was stealthy. We didn't even know they were there but they captured everything. When we saw the preview of our video we were mesmerized. We were taken back to our wedding day! The editing and music were perfection. It was far better than we could have imagined.  We will be working with these photographers in the future and I can't wait!  You must have this remarkable team!
5 Cherie, Hedley and their glam squad are above and beyond, amazing!! Creative, vivacious, fun and unique are the first adjectives that come to mind...I can seriously go on and on...  If you want that WOW factor, look no more. They shot our engagement and wedding pictures and we received so many compliments! I have referred everyone I know to them and now I can't wait for my boudoir shoot.   If you are looking for a truly memorable experience with down to earth artists to capture "THE moment"----call them ASAP! If you are looking for the ordinary, forgettable and middle-of-the-road photographer, keep moving...That's not them. However, you will regret not giving them a try.
5 I had a blast shooting with Cherie, Lara, and Virginia! They were the perfect combination of friendly, professional, and creative. My day started by being warmly greeted in the cute little studio. We then discussed what kind of look I wanted...my makeup was amazing! I have been in front of the camera and had my makeup done many times. Virginia nailed it! I felt I looked the part I wanted to play then we had fun with poses, lights, fans etc. Lara guided me through the process...showing me some of our shots from time to time and allowing me to chime in if I had any ideas or requests.  I was completely comfortable and just relaxed and enjoyed feeling sexy for the day.
5 I cannot rave enough about my experience with Cherie and her crew!!  I have always felt like the cliché Catholic school-raised girl with a dark and sexy side and have secretly been wanting to take sexy boudoir shots for a while now.  Let's be honest:  Every one of us checks ourselves out in the mirror in our room when no one else is home, allowing ourselves just for the moment to admire our shapes and admit that we have a crazy sexy side to us.  In that moment, for me at least, there is no one else I'd rather be...I'm no model, however, and was super nervous when I finally bought myself an hour session with Cheriefoto.  First off, I'm a size 6, (not the Hollywood ideal size 2 or 0,) and I don't have huge Disney eyes and a Barbie doll small waist.  Still, I told myself that I was sexy enough for me, and I bought the shoot package not for a boyfriend or significant lover, but for me and my own confidence.   My first interaction with Cherie via email was already so kismet.  I told her up front that I had never done a photo shoot before and that I was no picture perfect model, but really wanted to prove to myself that I can take at least one beautiful photo to feel sexy, confident and proud of.   Because I grew up singing on stage, I envisioned something sultry and sexy with music sheets scattered on the floor.  Cherie was nothing but supportive and excited for my ideas.  She encouraged and praised my uniqueness and creativity, and I already felt at ease.  She kept insisting about how much fun I was about to have. When the day finally came, I brought along my sister in law who happens to be a world renowned Burlesque star for support and guidance.  Cherie and Hedley immediately greeted us with bright smiles and made me feel not only welcome but excited to start my adventure.  Virginia did my make up and hair, and we laughed and got to know each other and drank the wine I brought to loosen up, and I thought to myself "I look beautiful!  I could almost just go home now and be happy!"  Little did I know the fun hadn't even begun to start.  Hedley made sure that the music was to my liking for the mood, and as soon as we started the shoot, I felt like I was on cloud nine.  They made me feel like a star, like I was born to be in the spotlight.  I was a professional burlesque star as much as my sister in law.   The studio was chic, classy and professional, and extremely private- It's own little world, and I felt like I was safe to feel just as I felt in my own room in private.  Right off the bat, Cherie and Hedley honed in on my strengths and reassured me about my insecurities.  They guided me while also helping me trust my own instincts.  I fully trusted that they wouldn't let me go home with pictures I was going to be embarrassed by.  They made me feel unstoppable.   When I was done with my shoot, I felt incredible, and I looked amazing.  I hopped on a plane to a Holiday party at my parents house where I got to reunite with an ex boyfriend and introduce him to my new boyfriend and love of my life.  Talk about feeling unstoppable!  My makeup and hair were amazing, I felt super sexy, and I embodied confidence!  If you schedule a shoot with Cheriefoto, make sure to plan something fun afterwards!  Show off!  Your experience will be life changing! About two days later, Cherie sent me a super sweet email praising my photos and personality and included some preview shots!  They were EXACTLY what I wanted!  I want them all!  They were sexy, confident, tasteful, artistic, and extremely professional!  They captured my personality and my own sparkle, and I was definitely right to put my faith in them.  I go back tomorrow to look at the rest of the photos, and I cannot wait!  The Bottom Line: Everyone should feel adventurous, sexy and confident about themselves at least once in their life!  Let Cherie and her incredible crew capture it on film to last a lifetime.  They will make you feel safe and incredibly dangerous at the same time, and you'll never be the same again!!! Thanks, Cherie, Hedley, and Virginia!  You're the best! Xoxoxxo!
5 AMAZING.!Cherie is the BEST.!Could not have imagined a better first time photo shoot experience.!  I wanted to give my bf a special gift and the idea I had for my photo shoot was more uncommon of a theme- I love boudoir but I wanted a more extreme fetish angle-and to my surprise Cherie not only embraced but encouraged me to delve deeper into my vision for the photo shoot. From the moment I started preparing to do the shoot Cherie was so involved and excited I knew I had found the best photographer. When the shoot started they made me feel so comfortable- even though all I had  on was a leather strapped teddy and chains all over me.  The whole time, from the beginning with the make- up artist, an amazing guy named Mikey, to Cherie and Hensley, everyone treated me like a star. Cherie had listened to everything I had asked for and delivered it in her photos. Couldn't ask for better photos, experience or happier bf.! :D Thank you Cherie.!!
5 this was the most spectacular experience! Cherie was an amazing person to get to know. I live in Las Vegas and started contact with her a little over a month before my shoot. from the very beginning our conversations were easy and they flowed like we had been friends forever. Even though she and Hedley routinely come to vegas to shoot she asked if I could manage to make it out to Beverly Hills and I thought that would be great! I made it a girls trip with a friend of mine and had the time of my life from start to finish. Virginia did my hair and make up and it was amazing! I looked sexy and sensual and I was in love with my looks. Cherie and I went over some ideas of particular desired shots and we began. I purchased the video love letter also and I can't wait to see how it turns out. Robertino have great direction and made it feel natural. my experience here was through the roof and I am so excited to see the results. The teasers I got so far have been out of this world- I can't even believe that's me in the photos! I look like a supermodel! Cheri and Hedley more than accommodated me for flying out to LA for the shoot. She even had a wonderfully delicious bottle of red wine waiting for me! My girl friend that came with me popped in for part of the shoot and we all just had a blast! Their hospitality and charming personalities made me fall in love with them. I've never felt so comfortable in such a setting. they were funny, professional and as sweet as ever. I know I have made two wonderful friends and can't wait to visit them again!  If you're looking to do a boudoir shoot for yourself or even as a gift for your husband, boyfriend, girlfriend- whoever! you simply MUST go to Cheri and Hedley at The Boudoir Cafe! they're the best! you get everything you could ever imagine with them and more!
5 I have been to many photographers, and Cherie and Hedley of The Boudoir Cafe are the only ones that went way above and beyond, there production of phenomenal, absolutely stunning pictures that look straight out the the pages of vogue was just mind blowing, but the best and most valuable part of it all, was how incredibly comfortable they make you feel.  I felt like the most beautiful woman in the world. I have always been shy, and like most women, I am very self conscience.  within minutes I was strut tin myself around like I was the worlds greatest super model.  I never felt more beautiful, more comfortable in my own skin than when I was there with them.  And my pictures, omg, can I just say...... I am friggin Hot! stunning,  I look like a million bucks. and when you see me in person, you can then agree, that Cherie and Hedley work Magic!!!.   I have never been so proud in my life.  And I owe these incredible memories, pictures and now a much stronger sense of myself and a boost of self confidence.  because they brought out in me, the Woman, I never new existed. I am eternally grateful, and have turned all my girlfriends who are looking for a boost in there modeling career, a boost in there relationship or just a boost in themselves. The Boudoir Cafe is the place.  Do yourself the biggest favor for you and or your partner.  book a photoshoot with them asap.  What ever flaws you think you have, they will vanish and a beautiful more confident woman will emerge once you do a photoshoot with Cherie and Hedley.  Love them!!!!  and you will too!
5 Okay...if you are reading this you and are debating whether to do a boudoir shoot with Cherie, just call her right now and make an appointment.  Cherie and Hedley are the absolute best photographers I have ever had the pleasure of working with.  When I got engaged, the first thing I knew I wanted to do for my husband was a boudoir shoot.  I am a VERY conservative person and was extremely nervous about doing a shoot like this.  From the very beginning they made me feel comfortable and beautiful.  I'm not your average LA size 0, 2 or even 4 girl.  I was worried that the photos wouldn't come out as I hoped because of my size at the time.  Needless to say my worries were put to bed the second these magical artists started shooting.  Not only did I look better than I ever have in a photo, I immediately wanted them to do my wedding!!  (Also, Virginia, the make-up artist/hair stylist that Cherie set me up with before the shoot was fantastic as well.)  DON'T LOOK ANYWHERE ELSE TO DO A BOUDOIR SHOOT!  LET THE BOUDOIR CAFE DO YOUR BOUDOIR PHOTOS!! The photos and experience are flawless.  Seriously, you get what you pay for. Don't try to shop around and find someone cheaper. Chances are, they are cheaper for a reason.  I thought so much of Cherie and Hedley that  I replaced the photographer I had hired to do our wedding (and had done our engagement photos) with Cherie and her team.  I can't be more pleased with how talented they are.  I was able to get in touch with Cherie anytime I needed anything which is so important for every bride.  They are seriously my photographers for life!  LOVE LOVE LOVE CHERIE! Call her today!
