5 Visited twice in the past two weeks. Excellent very fresh sushi at a great price. Large menu for the size of the restaurant. The friendly owners make all the sauces themselves. Takeout and event catering available. Seaweed salad is ample for sharing- served with mixed greens and cucumber/mango sticks with a delicious dressing. Try the caterpillar roll- best ever! Liked the tempura but would suggest giving the ramen noodles a miss. Will be back!
5 Really enjoyed the sushi, the presentation of the rolls was some of the best I've seen. The quality of the food was so good as well. All the sauces are home made and taste amazing.
5 I almost didn't want to give this restaurant 5 stars because it's so good I want it all to myself. They've perfected every aspects of hospitality and restaurants, great service, competitive prices, and most importantly amazing food.  My girlfriend chose this place for Valentine's Day. We both had never been before, but we both enjoy trying something new. We were so pleasantly impressed that it's our new "go to" sushi spot. The presentation of the rolls is almost as impressive as the way they taste. I can honestly say the best sushi I've ever had. I can't wait to try more of the menu and will definately be repeating. The restaurant itself is a bit small and decor is a bit unusual, but it doesn't matter it's that good. We went on Valentine's Day and almost every table was full, yet service and quality was not compromised.
5 Wonderful food and very nice people. It's the best sushi we have ever had! Blink and you'll miss it from the outside but once inside I guarantee you'll return again and again.
5 Wonderful relaxing atmosphere, spotless restaurant.     Everything we've ever ordered has been nothing short of spectacular.    The sauces are amazing, Gyozas are to die for.   Teriyaki salmon, beef, chicken - simple dishes but flawless execution.    Their Sushi is unquestionably the best I've had in Kitchener/Waterloo area.    You will not be disappointed by your visit here!!!!
