5 Was out with some friends having dinner at Sammy's and happened to stumble on this super cute boutique, a parking lot down next to massage envy. I loved the lay out of the store, made you feel like you had stepped into your dream bedroom with the perfect furniture and everything organized for you already! (Only missing the bed)  Not planning to pick anything up. I found myself buying a few necklaces, earrings, bracelet and a cute clutch purse!  I was fascinated by the variety of  jewelry  and clothing. Their prices was the seller for me! Very reasonable!!  The staff was very friendly but not fake friendly. I loved that they let you shop and were not constantly in your face, but were aware of you in case questions/second opinions came up. This is one local business I will defiantly will be supporting.
5 Took the wife here to buy some cloths. The place was very well fashioned. Lots of choices for her. Best part they had a chairs and couch where the men can sit and not feel awkward standing around. Very friendly service and excellent  prices. Wife was very happy.
5 Went to Lili earlier today and got the perfect dress for date night with the BF definitely coming back with more time!
1 Nasty Employees Stay Away  I came here with my girl friend and had a terrible experience. I usually don't write reviews but this was such a terrible experience I thought I should warn people. We came in and wanted to buy some clothes quickly and get out, but when my girl friend tried to get someone to help us, the person that worked there, Sonia, acted busy. When Sonia finally came over to help she made an insulting remark to my girl friend. We still bought the blouse because we were in a hurry but now that I look back I wish we had just left.
5 I absolutely love Lili Boutique! When you first walk into the boutique, the first thing you'll think of is,"THIS BOUTIQUE IS SO CUTE!" Because thats what I first thought of when I first walked in. The service is great. Especially Emily, she was so kind to my mother and I. I came to buy a dress and Emily was an excellent help. She helped find the perfect size and dress for me. And I'm a very picky person when it comes to dresses. The price wasn't bad at all for the quality of the dress. With all this good  experience I defiantly recommend this place, if your looking for some cute clothes.
5 Stopped in to get my girlfriend an I love you present and I was thrilled with my experience. They had a great selection of in-style clothes and accessories. The staff was very welcoming and friendly. Definitely will go back and I would highly recommend it.
1 Fake Reviews suck!  Businesses that have to use fake reviews to generate business are piss poor.  Note to owner(s):  work hard, carry quality products & be good to all your customers and you won't need to make up fake reviews.
5 Took my mom here and she really liked it! A lot of trending women's clothes that are a good price too! Friendly employees ready to make your shopping experience the best possible. I would recommend this store to a lot of my highschool friends because there is a lot of nice spring looks in the store. Kind of like a brandy Melville but nicer and the prices are more moderate.
5 Way cute dresses!!!  You must check out this hidden gem......
