5 The New Serenity Spa gets it right. From the great prices, customer service and services you can't go wrong. The ownership truly understands what taking care of clients means. This belief is from the top down. A great experience. I recommend the serenity facial!  Will be back for another one and will try the massage services and yoga. Leaving relaxed and centered.
5 First off, the spa itself is gorgeous. Very clean, calm and inviting for both men and women.  They have a yoga studio to get all zen before you have a massage, facial, microdermabrasion or chemical peel.  I went in for a facial with Christine and let me tell you, I am an aesthetician myself and super picky about who touches my face.  SHE IS AMAZING!  The spa has Image Skincare and Rhonda Allison products, both great lines. The room is comfortable size (not a closet) and the table is very cozy.   Christine used just the right pressure and nice slow tempo throughout the treatment.  I really appreciate how she didn't just slap on a cream, but artfully applied and removed the masques.     My face was glowing when I left and I know I will most definitely be back!
5 From the moment you walk in you can't help but be captivated by the beautiful photography that welcomes you, taken by the owner herself. To match the visual welcoming you are then greeted by Courtney, who is charming and effortlessly demonstrates the true essence of hospitality. The music in the background another well thought out gift to the senses. See the name of this little wonderland tucked away in the midst of this great big shopping mega-plaza is truly exemplified in every way....Serenity just starts to take over the moment you walk in. I know what you're thinking, all spas have that about them, but I'll let  you know that in this one, you really feel it, you feel the difference. There are beautifully decorated spas, that have great soothing sounds, and friendly staff to be sure, what make the New  Serenity Spa different is the heartfelt and genuine dedication to the vision that the owner brings to it, and is supported by in her staff. There's even a candlelit meditation/yoga studio for you to use before or after your massage session.....oh yes, that's why I went...a massage.... Well, on my massage table was a little sealed envelope with a wrapped chocolate. The envelope holds a positive affirmation and 1 in 50 includes a complimentary service, not bad odds huh? And what can I say, I was a noodle as I got up....absolutely delicious! Even received a foot scrub as a finishing touch! I would say whether in the area or a drive away, find the time to go to the New Serenity Spa! You can thank e later!
5 I have pretty high standards for massage quality as I'm usually in for a sports massage after an extreme event or injury prevention/healing.  Bridget was amazing.  She knew exactly what to do and I can't wait to go back.  The spa is gorgeous, comfortable, and totally relaxing.  I think that hour was the best hour of my week.  With all of the training and work I put my muscles through, they deserve a break and New Serenity will be the only place I book.  Even though it is kind of a drive for me, it is worth it!  I recommend this spa to anyone.
5 Such a beautiful and serene place the moment you walk in. The decor is beautiful as well as the unique photographs displayed on the walls throughout the spa. I came in for a much needed massage and it was honestly the best massage I have ever had. I have had a couple professional massages before and they always applied too much pressure and never asked if I wanted more or less pressure. Kristina made sure I was comfortable and would check in every once in a while to make sure the amount of pressure was what I wanted. I felt so relaxed after I left and the constant pain in my lower back feels alleviated. I will definitely be back! Especially with the great prices they offer. May have to try one of their facials next. :)
5 I love this spa!!! I have received a few massages from Bridget and she surely knows what she is doing! She makes my back and neck feel absolutely amazing and brand new! She truly is a blessing! I couldn't say enough good things about her :) the spa is gorgeous and EVERYONE who works there is so incredible and nice! I've been to a TON of spas over the past 10 years and this is by far the best! It's beautiful and serene. And the YOGA STUDIO is to die for!!!! Love love love this place :)
5 What a relaxing afternoon. I took advantage of New Serenity Spa's massage/facial combo package. From the moment I walked in the door of New Serenity's new location, I felt peaceful and increasingly relaxed. The decor of the reception area got the process started. From the soothing and beautiful water fall to the stunning scenic photography on the walls, I could have sat in the reception area for a half hour and never got bored. I was greeted with kindness and a cup of cold water, and, within minutes, I was in the massage room getting pampered from head-to-toe. Kristina is a skilled and intuitive massage therapist with a warm and caring personality. My tension-filled lower back got lots of TLC and felt so much better by the end of the massage. After 60 minutes of massage bliss, I was given a fluffy robe and slippers to slip on so I could move next door to the facial room. Christine gave my stressed-out skin lots of caring attention. The hydrating products she used felt wonderful and smelled incredible. I loved the way she massaged the products in with careful, circular motions. My face felt just fabulous. I will definitely go back for the spa/facial combo, and I saw lots of other services on menu that sound verrry interesting. Thanks so much for taking good care of me, Kristina and Christine.
5 This is the best spa in Scottsdale! I recently visited and had a facial, and it was wonderful. This spa is a breath of fresh air, and the owners photography on the walls is spectacular. If you are in Scottsdale AZ for work or play stop by and visit this spa. Totally worth the time an MONEY!!!
5 I highly recommend this place for a massage.  Kristina has honestly got to be the best massage therapist I've ever encountered.  She'll cater your massage to whatever level of pressure you want, and she can do deep tissue better than anyone I've ever gotten a massage from.
5 From the moment you walk through the doors to the rest of the day, your visit to New Serenity is nothing less than revitalizing and energetic: both spiritually and physically! I received a facial from Christine and her talent is more than anyone could ask for, both relaxing, informative, and truly revitalizing. Her hands are a miracle and her knowledge of skincare, what not to use, and the specific route to a more healthier looking skin is exactly what I have been looking for. She is an impressive esthetician and person! The rest of the staff are charming and bring forth such a positive energy, it just makes you feel like home! I WILL be back, especially for the talented hands of Christine! Thank you for a relaxing day!
5 I had booked an appointment for myself, my mom and my sister in law when they were coming in from out of town. When we arrived, we found out that our appointment had never been booked and the spa did not have time to accommodate the three of us when we arrived (2 of us were getting facials, 1 of us a massage). We were disappointed about the error so I talked with Stacey, the owner. Stacey apologized profusely for the mistake and promised to make it up if we rescheduled. I explained that my schedule was tight and they were in from out of town, but she was able to fit us in the next day at a discounted rate with complimentary upgrades.  The services were excellent and we were not pressured to buy any products. They treated us all great and the services were wonderful. While I was impressed by the services,  I was truly blown away by how seriously  Stacey takes customer service and she more than made up for the error. It is rare to find a place that will admit they made a mistake and go the extra mile to serve their customer. I will definitely   be back. We all make mistakes, but how we correct them is what counts...well done New Serenity...others should take note!
4 I have been  to a lot of spas. Some fancy and others fancy only in their eyes. I was recommended this location from my resort The Scottsdale Villa Mirage. A friend and I went one day and I had a massage and I came back the next day for a facial. First off the prices are freakin awesome. I'm from Chicago and for those prices, trust that the building and the products would not be that great. The location is small, but neat, decorated very well and the staff is great. I honestly felt like I was in a much higher quality establishment. I wish I could bring them home with me.
5 This review is long overdue. My fingers have been itching to write this review since 11/10/13 so here goes:  First of all, I am not from AZ. I'm actually from Washington, DC and was working in Phoenix for a couple of weeks. I had a major inflammation/irritation/acne flare-up due to the many different states my job had taken me and none of the OTC products/systems worked. My skin has NEVER been perfect, all the contrary. I've suffered from hormonal acne since I can remember and the many very expensive facials ($300+) I've gotten in posh spas in Georgetown never really did much but empty my pockets (facial + gratuity + pushy sale of products + parking ticket. If you've ever been to DC you know parking tickets are like souvenirs.)   I found New Serenity Spa on Yelp and made my appointment online that same Sunday afternoon. By far the best decision I made. I scheduled a facial and massage for myself, and a massage for my husband. From the moment I made the appointments to the moment I left the spa the service was amazing. Incomparable. I was greeted by Stacy, the "receptionist". I found out later Stacy is the owner. She never boasted about their service or their products. Her only interest was getting to know me, my skin, my needs, my expectations. That immediately put me at ease. My facial was with Christine, a beautiful young, professional, charismatic, and very knowledgeable aesthetician. She asked questions no one else had ever asked me about my skin. She wasn't too concerned about the clock. She helped me understand my skin and its needs as well as helping me understand the science behind skincare and tips for getting the most out of my facial. She was never pushy about selling the products. It was the first time I was the one asking for product. Needless to say, I bought a few Rhonda Allison skin care products that were customized for my skin's needs. Four days later, I went back to the spa because the acne treatment was working too well. Yes, it had taken care of my flare up, but it had over dried  my skin. Most likely because I didn't believe Christine when she said, "a little goes a long way." Nonetheless, Stacy immediately apologized and personally gave me a mini facial on the spot and free of charge as well as gifting me over $80 in Rhonda Allison product to return the much needed hydration to my skin. It is evident this spa is in a league of its own. A place where the owner and her staff have a passion for what they do, an ambiance where peace is its foundation and high quality is the norm. The only other place I had similar service was at Elizabeth Arden in DC. But unlike posh spas that treat you differently when you walk in with a gift certificate or a Groupon, New Serenity Spa made me feel like their #1 VIP client even when they knew I'd probably never be back because Arizona is not my home. To top it off, their recommendation of the Rhonda Allison skin care product has transformed my skin. I will not use any other skincare line. The only downside...I live in DC and going back to Phoenix for work isn't in my plans anytime soon. I am so jealous of those of you that live there. So, if you're looking for a place unlike the rest, don't think twice, make your appointment now. You won't regret it. Oh, one last thing that shows how awesome they are, Stacy offered to continue to share her knowledge and expertise via phone/e-mail. Yes, that's the kind of place they are.
5 BEST FACIAL EVER! Christine is amazing!!!!!!! I felt calm, relaxed, and my skin has never looked so good! Can't wait to go back.  Don't even think twice about going to see her.  BOOK NOW!
5 I just discovered the yoga side of New Serenity Spa. I couldn't be more impressed. The space is beautiful. The instructors are very knowledgable and able to guide and assist students of all levels. The energy in this space is incredible. Unlike many other studios, there are no egos here.  The yoga schedule offers a wide variety of classes to accommodate those wanting a physical practice, to those wanting a calming guided meditation. Without hesitation, I'd recommend this yoga program.
5 I just had THE MOST incredible experience ever. I have had many massages and facials but this was the best hands down. I had the serenity massage as well as the serenity facial. I was there for two hours of pure bliss.  Nothing was rushed and I felt that every second I was being pampered 100% of the time.   I'm from LA and I just wish I could get the quality at this price that I found here. Please come to LA!!!!  I'll be back next time I am in Town.  I had Marec and Johnna ( terribly spent I am sure sorry). Just brilliant thank you guys xx
5 Just had THE BEST facial of my life this afternoon w/Christine. You HAVE to check this place out!  My mom treated me to a 1-hr facial today and I am still basking in relaxation and my skin feels dewy and glows.  Checking in was a breeze and refreshing w/their running water sounds of tranquility and complementary flavored refreshments. Décor is appealing and put me instantly in "spa mode".  Christine led me back to my private, dim room and asked me to completely de-robe. At first, I admit I was taken aback a bit as I was just getting a facial, but knew it was standard. I did leave my panties on. But, you slip into a freshly-made heated bed and it's sooo worth it!  There was constant hot towels, massaging, great smelling product applied at all times. Plus, they massage your feet, legs, upper chest, hands, and arms. HEAVEN!  I was also prepared for potential high sales pressure. I really didn't sense ANY, which also won me points. I only was recommended one product for hyper-pigmentation which was priced around $28.   I was so relaxed and floated out of New Serenity. I will definitely be back!
5 This spa was fantastic.  I got a 'first timer' facial and massage combo for $99 which was awesome.  The girls were great and had fun personalities too.  I went with a friend and we both has great experiences. I will definitely go back.
5 Went for a facial with Shayna today and it was awesome.  I followed her from another location and it was well worth it. The extra's that come with the Serenity Facial--hand, foot, neck and head massage are the best.  You walk on more relaxed than you can imagine.   The Spa is very inviting and the rooms etc are great.  Everyone is very friendly.  If you have a chance to put time aside for a facial--Shayna is your girl.  Can't wait for my next facial!!  And don't miss the photography throughout the spa.  Wonderful photos that were done by the owner.  They are amazing.
5 My dear friend took me to Serenity Spa for a special treat and I will never be able to thank her enough!!!  She arranged for a Serenity Facial with Stacy.  It was heaven!  I am in my 50's and my skin has changed over the years and I asked Stacy if she would educate me on how to take care of my skin.  I literally could have cried when she told me that nothing about my skin was irreversible!  She explained what I needed, what ingredients in products to stay away from and which ingredients were essential.  Besides the invaluable education, she gave me a fabulous facial.  It was so relaxing, and the products she uses are wonderful - for the first time in a long time I felt good about my skin.  I now have information and products that I am using and I can actually see the improvement in my skin.  I cannot thank Stacy enough for a truly wonderful and life changing experience; I will be back every time I visit Scottsdale!
5 The spa itself is clean, beautiful and relaxing. Amy at the front desk makes the most lovely fruit water drinks ever, and the facial with Shayna was hands down the best I have ever had. I have followed Shayna from another spa and this place is just amazing. She can get me in a relaxed, blissful happy place like none else can. Go for the serenity 90 minute facial - scalp, shoulder, neck, hand and foot massage are all INCLUDED - FANTASTIC! Also, everything smells incredible. I'm now a member and will be there monthly - cant wait to take my complimentary yoga class! Had lunch at Wildflower next door when I was through - what a day!
5 When I walked into New Serenity Spa last week, my body felt like a gigantic ball of stress, and my spirits were dragging behind me like a flat balloon. Amy greeted me with a smile and a cup of strawberry-infused water.  Then, Cristina and Marica did their magic. Cristina took care of my customized facial. This facial included the basic facial plus four extras I chose from the facial menu. Cristina used Skinscripts products to bring my dull skin back to life. Her gentle touch truly touched me. After my facial, I slipped on my fluffy robe and slippers and eased to the next room for my deep tissue massage with Marica. Since my back is almost always in terrible condition, I expected a "no-pain-no-gain" experience. I don't know how she did it, but Marica loosened all my stress balls without hurting me. As far as I'm concerned...she's a miracle worker.   When I left New Serenity Spa that afternoon, I felt relaxed, renewed and encouraged. Thanks so much Cristina and Marica! I'll be back soon, FOR SURE!
5 I highly recommend Shayna for a facial! She is amazing and uses wonderful products. She has completely helped to correct my skin and knows her stuff :)
5 Best massage I've had in a long time. The staff is courteous and helpful.  I was treated so well, the bad day I was having seemed like a distant memory when I left. I'll definitely be back!
5 I had such a great experience at the New Serenity Spa today. This was my first time there. I read a lot of positive reviews on yelp so I was really excited. Shayna was my esthetician and she was fantastic. One of the best facials I have ever gotten. Great vibe and excellent service!
5 I think I found a permanent massage place.  I probably have received two great massages and this one is now added to the list. After receiving a very average massage a few weeks ago, New Serenity was my redemption. Corinna was amazing. She knew exactly which areas to trigger and which ones needed the most attention. She even worked a bit on my shoulder that I injured a few months ago and it feels great. The entire establishment is well kept, quiet and clean.  I'll definitely be back in the next few weeks!
5 I was visiting on business from Vegas & set up an appointment with Amy for my sisters & I for a massage & yoga- When I first talked to Amy she was extremely pleasant to speak to & in formed me of the cancellation policy & everything.... When I got to the Spa, she was so awesome & personable ! First up was the yoga instructor Paige ... we did the 1 hr relaxation yoga ! Paige was beautiful , awesome  & had the most calming spirit !!! We enjoyed her so much we couldn't believe we had a massage after that waiting !!! So my therapist was named Marica & she was great- she asked me what I wanted & gave me the best deep tissue massage ever !!! The décor is great & the vibe is so relaxing & chill in there. Thank you Amy, Paige  & Marica & I don't remember my sisters massage therapist but she said hers was awesome too !   Thank you so much- the Bailey sisters from Las Vegas
5 Absolutely love the yoga here! Awesome instructors in a nice, peaceful room. Classes are smaller than usual but I personally love the intimate feel
5 I was in town on business several weeks ago and decided to schedule myself a much needed massage.  I turned to trusty yelp to help me navigate the spas close to me and decided on New Serenity.  My first experience was the phone conversation I had with Amy, while booking the massage. She was polite, cordial, and professional. The exact combination one is looking for when booking an appointment over the phone.  She was able to get me in right away, which was even better!  Now on to the crown jewel of this establishment, my absolutely heavenly deep tissue massage with TAMARA.  From start to finish, I was completely blown away by her calm, sweet and pleasant demeanor. She listened completely to my concerns about my trouble spots and once I was on the table she addressed these areas FIRST.  She also placed rolled up towels under my shoulders to bolster me up, relieving the breast strain I always feel lying face down.  In 20 years of having regular massage, I have never had a therapist do this. It made my experience so comfortable I was able to fall asleep!  Her massage was amazingly effective, fluid and deep without being invasive, which can tend to happen I've found when therapists go crazy using their elbows. Her head and neck stretches at the end of the session were divine, and left me with a feeling of weightlessness!  I had to pour myself off the table when the massage ended! But her attention to detail didn't end there, she showed me some amazing stretches to do at home or work to relieve tension while stuck at the computer.  AND while I was getting dressed she wrote the names and addresses of local restaurants down for me, as we had been discussing both being foodies, and being from out of town a local perspective was much appreciated!! I was wowed again by her kind heart, and attention to detail, but ultimately her commitment to excellent customer service.  I left New Serenity feeling relaxed, and refreshed and treated like family.  All I can say is Thank You TAMARA, you turned a hectic stressful day, into a serene experience with the best massage I've ever had! I hope to be back in AZ again soon to book an appointment with her again!!
