5 cant believe they only charge 8 bucks! they're new to he neighborhood, I'll definitely be supporting them, the lady that has done my eyebrows twice is really sweet and does a great job. anyone in the area should check the place out :)
5 I have been to "Eyebrows R Us" and several other places, and it's always somebody new or different I have to deal with, and I never know how it's going to come out. It is very pleasant dealing with the same person that's going to care and does it right, and you don't feel like you're in a cattle line, lol. I highly recommend going here. I will never go another place again.  TT
5 i highly recommend this place, it's so quaint, relaxing ambiance, love the clay wall paint inside.  Makes me feel like I'm morocco or india!  I have actually brought my mother here as a b-Lated Mother's Day gift, b/c I would always see my mom in almost any lounge space at her house with a small round compact in hand.  I knew she wouldn't come here on her own due to the "unknown" for her.  Let me tell you, she was all smiles after I drove her here.  She said she has never taken care if herself in this manner & was fascinated by Durga's (esthetician) technique.  So fascinated in fact that she was trying to have a full blown conversation during the session, & if you know "threading", that's a tough task to do!  But Durga is so nice & accommodating to your preferences!  Plus yes it does sting on a level of 2 out of 10 pt range but completely worth the "time" she saves you from using make up mirror or dare I say that small circular compact!  Have a great day!
5 My sisters and I tried this place out! We usually go to Eye Brows R Us! My sister didn't have a good experience with them. So we wanted to try something new. We came here. It's only 8 dollars. The employee is very nice. It's  smells nice and is clean! Very relaxing. She took time on mine and my sisters eyebrows. They came out pretty close to perfect! Definitely coming back. Definitely recommend this spot!
