2 First let me say, it's awesome that a coffee place opened up where the service is at least decent.  Nice folks behind the counter.   However, I got a frozen coffee and quite frankly, it wasn't any different than if I had made it myself ... with the brewed coffee I keep in my fridge for the week.  In fact, I make it even better because I make sure there are no ice chunks in my frozen beverage.  Nothing special about their iced tea either.  As my husband said, "it was nothing like drinking polar bear" which is what he describes as really awesome iced tea.  (I know strange but that's his thing)  I will give this place a couple more tries: 1) B'C they said they make homemade muffins and well, I love muffins and 2) when they open up the restaurant portion b'c I'm really hoping to have an awesome place nearby to get a meal.  If you want me to keep coming back, go talk to the folks at Sugar N Spice down on Indian School RD.  We literally crave that place.  They have an awesome staff and an awesome bakery with awesome beverages.  I'd love to be able to have a hang out place like that closer to home!  With all that said, I realize they are just starting out and to support local businesses I'd like to give this place another try but I don't want to just "settle" coming here because it's close by.  I want to love going there!
5 I've been three times and they are always very friendly.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker anymore but I enjoy one every so often. I had a decaf soy latte with a croissant and it was great. Even when they are busy, the are quick enough to get things out.  The only thing that hold them up tend to be customers who are indecisive of what they want (but this is everywhere : ) Can't wait to try the restaurant
3 I'm glad someone gave this place a little remodel and seems to care. I have gone in a couple times and the coffee is inconsistent, though I ordered the same thing each time, staff was pretty nice. I hope they work out the kinks and make this place a destination!!
1 Will not be going back here anytime soon. Had the pleasure of waiting an hour for rubbery pasta, then being told "that's how pasta is". Manager wouldn't even tell me herself, had the server do it. Horrible service. Food is average at best. Save your money and go somewhere they believe in customer service.
4 Went Thurs night. No wait, nice decor, fast & friendly service, great food!We will be back often. Keep it up.
1 Terrible Terrible Terrible.  Service, Food, Untrained staff. All just terrible.  Way over priced for ever menu item.  I had $14 ala cart Kobe Burger.  It made me ill.  Do not waste your time or money.  My wife got sick from her meal as well.
4 Nice decor, friendly and helpful wait staff (young and somewhat inexperienced but learning) and good food!  Really enjoyed talking with the owners and see a bright future for another great place to eat on Main Street in Verrado.
2 Ok I'm a Verrado resident and try to support all business. Owners please read these posts and learn. I ordered a sugar free vanilla latte and it was weak! I see the same machines from last owner, have they been calibrated? My husband ordered espresso on another occasion and also weak . I make better coffee in my Kerig. Going to try the cafe tonight, let's hope I get good service as well as good food! I don't mind paying $$ for great food but not sub par food. Stay tuned
5 Waitstaff friendly and knowledgable. Menu had a good variety, not too many things to choose from. Food was excellent, can't wait to go back and try something new.
5 Was down at tempo Friday night with my girlfriend. Nothing bad to say it was absolutely amazing from the great food to the atmosphere and decor. If your not from  the west valley it is defiantly worth the drive.
5 I was there the second night they opened and it was busy.  We knew there were going to be some hiccups but the food was great. I had the chicken wings and it was a great appetizer. For dinner, I had the street tacos and the meat was so tender and flavorful. The tortillas tasted homemade and were delicious.  My wife had a salad (can't speak for her but she loved it).  The meal did take some time to come out but we didn't mind as we were not in any hurry.  We will go there again soon and try some of the other dishes.
5 Great Food, Great Service and Great Atmosphere. We had the pork belly grilled cheese with tomato soup, the crab cakes, and the caesar salad.  All very yummy.  They have full bar, great wine list and draft beer and even their own house brewed beer.  Excited Verrado finally has another place to go for dinner. Great variety of food.
5 This place is AMAZING! I have been here a couple of times now. Excellent food, ice cold beer excellent service. The staff and the owners are extremely friendly! Top notch resteraunt!
5 This place is AMAZING!!! Great food nice selection of beer, me and my wife love this place! Everyone here is extremely friendly especially the owners! I highly recommend Tempo for coffee in the morning also!
4 Waited about a month from opening to try Tempo, in hopes that they'd have worked out any kinks in the service and/or menu.  Looking at earlier reviews, it's apparent there was some working-out to do.  Yelp! shows review trends, which is useful, and in Tempo's case you can see that the trend is headed in the right direction.   First impressions, based on the new atmosphere and menu are great.  Walking in, you get the feel of a trendy, Brooklyn new-American restaurant, which is appealing to me.  The menu has significant range, which should be helpful for supporting a wide variety of tastes; an ambitious menu also means the restaurant will have to be well-supported, or the menu will eventually need to be dumbed-down.  For the sake of variety, let's hope Tempo gets that support.    Our particular server, whose name I can't recall, unfortunately, was very, very good.  Food was somewhat slow out of the kitchen, which made a quality server that much more important.  It's tough to rate an entire waitstaff on one server, but the gentlemen who served us was excellent.    I ordered the Chicken & Waffles, which probably isn't the first thing you should try at a new restaurant, but I had a craving.  The waffles were good, the chicken was very, very good.  Everybody at the table was happy with their food, as well.   Pricing and portions are that of a nice, but not exceedingly nice, restaurant.  The menu isn't cheap, but it's not overpriced.  The portions aren't huge; I like overeating as much as the next guy, but in this type of setting I'd rather have quality than quantity, so Tempo does fine in this context.    This is a strong start for a restaurant that replaces another that had struggled mightily.  Learning from the failures of their predecessors will help:  menu consistency, focus on the quality of the waitstaff and service in general, and participation of the ownership are things that matter significantly for any restaurant, especially a new one.  Those boxes are all checked for Tempo right now, and hopefully they'll remain that way.
4 Went for a quick lunch today and was pleasantly surprised at how quickly we were greeted by a server and how quick the food was brought to table. My husband ordered the soup of the day, not a favorite with him and I took a spoonful,  I concur. We both ordered the pork carnitas street tacos, which were good. A tad bit more marinating time on meat might have made it a bit more flavorful. Servers both were attentive and got our beers from bar before the soup arrived. Coffee and Baristas still need work but We will be back to try lunch again !! BTW chips that were served with entree Excellent!! Keep it up and we will continue to come back   I'm happy owners are caring what the masses think good or not so good
5 What a beautiful place to have lunch! Friendly and quick service and great food! I had a wonderful salad and my friend had the soup of the day which looked nice and creamy (roasted chipotle, I think) with half a sandwich. Our bill was $24.
4 I don't review often, but after I craved one of their dishes (grilled cheese) all day, I owed a review to Tempo. It's fantastic to have a little more upscale option in Verrado. Set up and decor that is the right amount of upscale, but still comfortable and casual. Neat decor and love open doors bringing in fresh air. The menu isn't trying too hard, but offering unique options. We went on opening day and several times since, and the service has always been friendly and continues to improve. The owners are incredibly friendly and hard working. We will sure to be doing our part to make this a mainstay in Verrado.
5 Had an amazing risotto here for dinner! Highly recommend it to anyone who goes here. They also serve omission beer by the bottle here which was a nice change to drink for someone allergic to gluten. As for the coffee side, I enjoy their coffee when it is an iced mocha! Haven't tried other coffee here yet so I will be back again to try more.
2 Bummer.  $6 for a cappuccino.  Had hoped if this place was going to charge such prices that they could deliver something that would make you want to return.  Paying Italian prices for a cafe drink, it would at least taste as good as the cafés of Italy... boy was I disappointed.  The baristas didn't know what they were doing.    If a place is going to charge high prices for a product- they should know what they are doing. Definitely, won't be coming back.
5 I love this place!  The atmosphere is great, the service is great and the food is amazing.  Many many kinds of beer and wine.  If you want an amazing dinner, upscale place to take a date in Buckeye, or have some drinks and listen to live music, there is only one other place in all of Verrado that even comes close and frankly the food and service is better at Tempo by far.  I do not give 5 stars anywhere, four stars tops, but the chef is world class and I make the 40 minute drive to Verrado from North Phoenix for his dishes.  Always great!   Rebuttal to the 1-2 star posts here... * Saw the post about the noodles being rubbery, yes good pasta is not supposed to be overcooked.  Go open a can of Spaghettios if you want watery soft noodles you Philistine.   * About iced coffee and iced tea being bad.  I wouldn't know because I don't drink that crap so I don't really care. Their coffee and espressos are perfect. If you want a tall iced crappachino chocolate frappe latte with pumpkin sprinkles go to Starbucks and pay $6 there for the extra ton of sugar and flavoring they stick in it.  If you want amazing food and drink and atmosphere, this is the place to go.
4 Thank you Tempo for offering a meatless and dairy-free option on your lunch menu! I had the quinoa thai wrap which was wonderful and my boyfriend had the fish tacos, which he also enjoyed. Amount of french fries that came with the lunch was a bit enormous, but they were delicious so i can't complain. :o) I would give this place 5 stars if they also offered something I could eat at dinner-time, but last i checked there is still nothing on the dinner menu that is vegan, which is a major bummer.  I will say that service here was fantastic -- actual trained waitstaff as opposed to amateur high school kids that the previous establishment employed. We are happy you are here Tempo!
4 Great place ! Good food , friendly ambience  ! Family friendly , yet adult needs meant as well.   Great mixed drinks , wine n Assorted Beers . Music , friendly considerate staff , definitely Worth the visit for lunch or dinner. Will be on my go to list ! If u need a changing table use bathroom in coffee shop , which is adjacent to dinning room. Tempo is an excellent place to go, always very willing to go that extra - to meet ur needs!
2 I'll keep this brief. The food really tasted great (kudos to the chef), but the service was very, very slow. Also, a bit pricey considering comparable restaurants.
5 Great food and really nice atmosphere. My husband and I love the New York strip. Don't overlook their sides. The mushrooms and braised brussel spouts are really really good. I  can't eat gluten and they have prepared delicious gluten free dishes for me. If you have any diet restrictions I recommend calling in advance or at least telling the waiter to ask the chef about your options. You're not limited to the menu items. They are really great about preparing special request. By the way, they do a nice job with carry out, too. The food is packed well and brought out immediately so it's still hot when I get home.
4 Great atmosphere.  The chicken and waffles are to die for.  Was disappointed with the lobster beignets.  They didn't really have any lobster in them.  My husband tried the meatloaf and that was outstanding.
4 This place is adorable. Great location - great lunches and the lunch prices are perfect. $9 fish tacos were definitely 5 star. The short rib sliders ($9) were good, but a bit dry so probably 3 stars. The place is great though-clean and the doors open up to the outside. Very nice. Will be back here for lunch to try the Reuben and to get the fish tacos again!
5 I ordered the sea scallops in a sweet potato and bacon hash.. It was excellent! 5 large scallops seared beautifully.
4 Great Place to come in and have a cup of coffee while returning emails! I love the fact that i can come in early in the day and enjoy a delicious Vanilla Latte. Some complaints I do hope you take into consideration is getting better seats. Its not very comfortable to be sitting on metal chairs and would love to have some sort of lounge area to enjoy. I have also experienced a couple of times coming in the morning that the WiFi won't connect properly and there is nothing the Baristas can do about it. Its a huge disappointment when i get ready and come in just to find out i have to go back home to do my work. Mind you, i have heard people complain to the workers about WiFi plentiful times.  On a side note, the Baristas are very nice and welcoming. There is one barista who stands out to me every time i come in she is ALWAYS so bubbly and happy. She brings in a energy that seems to make a lot of your costumers happy. I love the fact that she takes the time to genuinely keep good conversations with what seems like her "Regulars." Its awesome to come in having my coffee made before i can even get to the counter to pay for it. You definitely need more baristas like her.
1 Yesterday was our second visit.  I rushed home and picked up my beautiful wife to try Happy Hour at Tempo.  We had been here once before and it was above average.  This time we walked in and the place was EMPTY....  It was about 5:30 and we sat at the bar.    The bartender(female blond) had ZERO personality.  Seriously, I would have rather watched paint dry then strike up a conversation with her.  Anyhow, I ordered a draft beer and it was somewhat flat and unimpressive.  My wife ordered a margarita and she seemed to like it.    We decided to order some food.  My wife ordered Street Tacos and a side salad.  I ordered Flatbread with sausage and cheese in addition to a side salad.  My wife liked the tacos and my flatbread was so so.  The salads had to much olive oil on them and tasted slimy, oh and they both had tons of fresh sliced onion.    The place remained very quiet for happy hour maybe its because it is overpriced for what you get.    Our little stop for happy hour ran us a cool $43.00 with the tip.  Okay, I get it.  Its a trendy place with a non conventional menu but its not worth it.  In addition, I found the menu very limited unless I was interested in new age metro sheik(I just made that up), save the rainforests, reduce carbon footprint, type stuff.    I suggest that if this place is going to survive, menu and price change.  Trust me, even the regulars that "love" this place will quickly get tired of it.
3 Went for dinner Saturday - probably not a good idea as there's live music and it's so loud you can't hear anyone, let alone talk.  Food was good and interesting. But there were several disappointments:  1 - they brought our food out after we'd barely started salads. We felt very rushed.  2 - the wine and liquor pours were unbelievably stingy - perhaps 3 oz of wine?  But we wound up paying $90 for two bowls of pasta, a shared salad, and four wines. Not worth it.
