5 Great food, prices, beer and service. Right next to AMC, another great addition to Ahwatukee.
5 The food is excellent, they had all of the gluten free stuff for my wife an she lives it. Plus they had all of the things I love too. Not to mention beer beer beer and more beer. Try the flights... Now enough about the food. The staff is very very friendly an attentive to our needs. All I can say is that this has been a great night out and this is my new favorite place.
1 Went for lunch and it wasn't terribly busy. They were already out of their pretzel appetizer, which was disappointing. Waited over 50 minutes to get out food (2 hamburgers and a kids veggie plate). When the food finally did arrive the order was wrong, onion rings weren't ready, and ranch for the veggies was missing. We asked the expediter to get the ranch, but he never came back. The manager did come over to apologize (which was the right thing to do) but the damage was already done. The fries with the second (kids) burger were cold too.   Maybe wait a month for them to iron out the kinks before trying this place. If lunch was that slow, I'd hate to see dinner service.
4 The menu has a nice variety of choices.  Try the shredded pork flatbread!  Real tasty. They brew their own beers too.  The Amber was excellent.  Great bar set up and there are plenty of TVs. ASU game vs USC was prominently displayed.  Welcome to ahwatukee!
4 Stopped by for lunch while working. Good food but I didn't get to try any beer! One major complaint: no free wifi!
4 New sports bar right by my place, that rounds out a shopping plaza missing only a sports bar? Definitely wanted to give it a try. My roommate and I were going to see a movie and decided to stop in on a whim.  The place is brand new, so they don't have everything perfect yet. But give it some time and I think this will become a favorite hangout. There's plenty of TVs (although no free WiFi yet) and the front of the restaurant is almost totally open to patio seating, which now that the weather is cooling down is a tempting option.  My roommate and I weren't too hungry, so we just got an appetizer and indulged in some adult beverages, and the bill was pretty comparable to any other sports bar you would go to. We were able to watch the Thursday Night Football game and chat it up before our movie.  Nice atmosphere and friendly service, on top of everything I just listed, so we will definitely be back.
5 Anyone like myself looking for the hottest wings on the planet will not be disappointed !   These are the real deal with legit ghost peppers and gloves.  I say bring it!  Anyone in Ahwatukee looking for a really cool vibe with great beer and food needs to visit.  Dog friendly, bring your best friend and sit on the patio!!  Finally a cool place to hang out.  See you here!
5 Love it here. Excellent atmosphere and drink selections. Food is good and the staff is friendly. I certainly recommend. Tons of TV's as well. Lets support our local establishments!
5 I know most of you read my reviews because I slaughter restaurants on this fine website. Well prepare to be DISAPPOINTED!. This place is AWESOME  Tonight was the first time I had ever been to an Uncle Bears, and I was prepared for another mediocre experience. The parking lot was crowded, however the restaurant shares its parking lot with a movie theater, and two trendy restaurants; Pita Jungle and Ra (sushi). It was Friday night around 5:30 pm, and the place looked very crowded, however we did not have to wait more than 10 minutes for a table. This was very rare considering some of the restaurants in the area have 20-30 minute waits.   The inside is large, however they have it sectioned off so it still feels cozy. I think they are trying to attract an older crowd based on the 70s and 80s music that was playing, but they had no less than 19 flat screens with UFC, MLB playoffs, and college football for the younger crowd. Fun for all.   Our waiter was well dressed & professional and our drinks came out quickly and accurately. Best of all their micro brew was only $4.75 per pint!!!! For our meal my wife and I ordered a bunch of little stuff... Sausage platter, hot wings, pretzel with cheese, and prime rib sliders.  EVERYTHING was good and with large portions for the money. I have had sausage platters at other micro brews and this was the best one I have had in a long time. It comes with a generous helping of a semi-spicy sausage with iceberg lettuce and bread to put the sausage on. The wings were fried to perfection and were large. The pretzel again was large and had a delicious melted cheese. The prime rib sliders were awesome however I think they would be better served with a horseradish mayonnaise. I asked for some horseradish and it came out in record time considering the place was packed.   At the end of our meal one of the owners came over to ask us about our experience. The staff was great, food was great, and it felt like the type of establishment that the owners really put their heart into. My wife and I will definitely be back.
3 It's Saturday... You got lots of Tvs and im stuck listening to Cyndi Lauper. Are you a bar or a gay night club. Turn on the volume of the game dammit!
4 The burgers are outstanding! Can't wait to go back and try the wings and the pizza! It's a brew house! So they have all the fun stuff on site for that and the brew dude is really friendly and will answer any of your questions! The beer isn't too bad! Great place to chill and watch a game!
5 Wings are excellent, especially the salt and peppercorn. Nice crunch on the outside and moist nice off the bone meat. Can't wait to come back in evening to try the prime rib and some brews in the tasting room.
5 Loving this place - great neighborhood bar and grill.  My husband and I have been 3 times in the last couple weeks, and have had consistent and great service, food, and atmosphere!  Can't say we have a single complaint.
4 I happened to walk by here a few weeks ago and saw that something was going in this spot, which has been a black hole for restaurants over the years. I happened to walk by again the other night and saw the place was open so decided to try it out last night.  It was a nice night to sit on the patio, and others had the same idea. Not too many people inside but the place is new. The outside patio had a smoking area and a smaller non smoking area. There was no space in the non smoking area, and the bar had no seats so I was thinking of leaving because I really wanted to sit outside. They caught us before we left and found stools for us which I thought was nice.  The beers were interesting, and I am looking forward to a few weeks from now when they start having porters and stouts.  I had the Mac and cheese and it was very good. There was a solid bacon flavor in there and they somehow kept the bacon crispy throughout the dish. Nicely done. My old lady had a pizza which I wasn't crazy about but I am really picky about pizza.  So I don't expect much from bar pizza.  The staff was quite nice.  All in all, a good experience. I think I will be back.
3 1st let me tell you, this is Uncle Bear's Brewhouse Grill. Not Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill! Big difference, menu's are different, the ambiance is different. Just wanted to get that out of the way before I start this thing! Wife and I was in Tempe to see our Daughter and boyfriend. Brought our little princess with us, daughter said there was an Uncle Bear's nearby! Now Uncle Bear's in well known pet friendly establishment, always a great place for your pooch. Now of course this was on a Saturday night, all of you kids have nothing to do except taking up space! (saying this with a grin) So we had to wait for a table outside, now what I did not like was instead of using the usual led vibrator to let you know your table is ready. They ask for your cell phone so they can text you! That's one way of saving money I guess.  Now to the food and service. When we finally got seated, we were told since we were on the patio our service was going to be slower? So I asked him why are we second class compare to the dining room! He immediately changed his wording to since there are a lot of people here our service is behind. Since he realized I wasn't going take any crap from him, our service was pretty quick. ;-)  The menu was OK a lot different from Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill, I was in the mood for a Crispy Chicken Salad. But they did not offer that there, I also wanted the Jalapeno Poppers appetizer. They again did not offer that there! That's when I realized I had to look at their menu. So I ended up ordering their soft pretzel with cheese and sauce. This was a good thing, pretzel was baked with a butter topping. This was probably the best thing I ate that night. I ordered their slow cooked ribs, I was assuming they were going to be more like a BBQ style ribs. Oops! it was more like a pot roast style. I had their veggie's and mashed potato's with my meal. Overall the good was good, not what I was expecting. Service was OK, and the food was OK. There is a reason why I live in Surprise, to get away from this crowd!
2 Summary: great location, great micro brew, really good appetizers. So why the 2 stars? Horrible service.   Advice: if you are waiting for a show, this is not the place to go if you want to watch the beginning of your movie.   I will check back in a month or two. We showed up to have a couple beers and an appetizer before going to the show a couple doors down. Turns out that they opened their doors earlier in the week. We let our waiter know that we were watching the clock for the show bit it didn't help. We had to rush to get out and was still a couple minutes late.   Since they were open for less then a week I am more then willing to give them another chance. They have 5-6 microbrews and give a solid score on all. Their appetizers, amazing. Try the pretzels.
4 They have Green Flash IPA on tap!  The food is good, wait staff are friendly and knowledgeable.
3 Cool ambiance and nice wait staff. Three stars because expectations exceeded the taste of the food since prices are a little higher and decor a little trendier than your local bar scene. I got the prime rib sliders but they lacked any flavor development and sides were all about average. However, I think risking another visit to try a different item on the menu is worth it just to have their wings again.
3 With some effort, this new establishment can be a winner. They have yet to understand how to handle showing different NFL games. The TP and soap were out in the bathroom at different times. The food was more than a sports bar, but they had great variety including vegan options.  We enjoyed the shrimp flatbread.
3 Great atmosphere with tons of TV's and ample places to sit; major bonus- you can sit outside with your dog! I loved the cute dog bone designed flight and dry erase beer ordering system. Prices were a little on the high side for a neighborhood bar but the awesome service made up for it. We ordered the pretzel to start which had a surprisingly good mustard sauce. The seasonal Pale Ale came a little on the bitter side but was definitely my favorite. My boyfriend enjoyed the Dark Ale with just a hint of chocolate/ espresso taste. We also filled our growler and they offered to give us another growler of their design if we paid for a second refill! Now that's an awesome deal
2 Cold food terrible service!  Not busy so no excuse, waiter didn't come back to table and finally had to ask another to cash us out.  Chili was cold, hamburger and fries were cold, no ketchup.
4 Good food, casual atmosphere, and a decent beer selection.  Can't comment on the beer too much since everyone has their preference, but I found a couple selections I liked.  The food was good.  Wasn't exceptional, just standard issue bar food.  I'll probably be back to tray some other things on the menu.  There's probably some story behind it but I thought it was odd that they have a Mobil Oil red pegasus logo hanging on their back wall.
1 I'm not usually one to leave negative reviews and usually give the benefit of the doubt when I have one bad experience, but our family came here and finally left after waiting forever and never getting served. Too bad, because I LOVE places like this and have heard great things.
1 If you're going to open a brewpub you need three absolutes. Good beer, fish and chips, and a decent handmade pub burger. This place has nasty beer, no fish, and horrible hamburgers!! Nice place with shiny beer equipment, HOWEVER, this place just sucks!! Service was great, management was clueless. If you order a Hop Dog IPA, it damn sure better have some hops in it!! Make YOUR OWN hamburger patties!! Preformed frozen patties are an embarrassment to your location.   Either get it right or get out of the way and make room for somebody who can do it better.  All in all, skip it and go get a slice at Vimcents!!
4 Four of us dined there before the movies. Excellent service, really good food, nice comfortable atmosphere, good vibe, good beer, lots of tv's, not too loud. I wish the movie was as good as Uncle Bears'! Yes, we'll be back.
4 The food I felt was 3 star. The beer was 4 star. And the service I felt was 5 star. The staff was friendly even when we were there for a company Christmas party, we showed up late, and it was getting chilly so we asked them to adjust the fire in the patio area. There are other brewhouses I'd pick normally. But this was a pretty darned nice place.
2 The place looks nice, I liked the atmosphere.  However the bartenders were not friendly.  We had to wave to get service and we were never checked on. Our sliders took a long time.  They came out cold and had no seasoning.   We thought we would it try again,  but when new customers came in, got a hand shake and better service,  we decided not to give this place a second chance.
3 Pretty solid 3 stars here. Nothing extraordinary but nothing really disappointing either. There are better brewpubs in the area though. The drinks were good and the one I had was really strong. The potato soup was all right, but I feel like Paradise Bakery has better bread bowls. Fish and chips were decent, and there was an all right beer selection. The outside area was nice and the fire was cozy for those few months in Phoenix where it gets chilly in the evening. Service was friendly and pretty on top of things.
1 This restaurant was awful.  We waited to be told it was open seating. Sat down, restaurant was empty and waited 10 min for our waitress. Ordered Chicken wings and mac and cheese.  Wings were cold and under cooked and mac cheese was gross.  Service was terrible as was the food.  STAY AWAY!!!
4 Second time visiting this place, our first visit we just tried a brew after a movie, liked the place and decided we should come back to try their menu. Not your standard sports bar menu, they have vegan & gluten-free choices and they also have cheese boards and flatbreads that stood out but I did not try as I was starving. Husband & I both had burgers. I had the New Mexico with green chiles, pepper jack & onion strings on wheat bun- it was pretty good, patty was big, greasy & tasty although it could have been cooked just a tad more, (menu says they cook patties to medium-well but it was still a bit too pink, but tasty nonetheless) beer-battered fries were perfectly seasoned and crispy A+. If you like hops in your beer I definitely recommend their house IPA. Service was great & food was served up quick.
5 Fabulous food, AMAZING burgers (I had the So Cal lettuce wrapped because I can't have dairy in the bun). Fabulous house Pinot Grigio. AMAZING SERVER! Fun atmosphere. I would go back on every date night from here on out. Friday night and they were busy but we were sat right away!
1 If your going to expect customers to praise your restaurant when two guests are standing in the front it might help for someone to acknowledge us.  Waiting 5 minutes at front and had no greeting.  Then proceeded to take our own menus into the dining area where we noticed about 6 other tables eating.  We sat down waiting for a server to greet us.  One of the servers on the side looked at us and walked into the back.  After waiting another 5 minutes we left the restaurant.  Don't think I'll be coming back.
1 I have been to this location twice now. The service is slow, unattentive, and lacking passion. If you brew your own beer, you should probably talk about that. If you cared about your guests you would serve them better than a Denny's server. The servers job is easy. Be knowledgable, provide drink refills, engage with your customers, and show some love for the business you represent. Is that so hard? The staff here seemed more concerned with watching the football game then taking care of customers. Next time I will pass on Uncle Bears!!!
3 Well, i had the chicken sliders, and the helpings were plenty (4), along with delicios fries to go along with a jump beer. Perfect combo.  Also ordered the artichoke and spinach queso app, but itbwas queso with some spinach, and I am still looking for artichoke.  Not good when it cost $9.50
3 I visited this place for the first time with my husband last weekend and was surprised to find that they brew their own beer. I was pretty excited about that and so I ordered the sampler to try them all and she even gave me a small shot of the stout which was not included in the sampler. Most of the beers had pretty good flavor but not enough of it. They were just a little too thin and tasted watered down. Some I liked more than others but really they all were lacking in body. The food is basic bar food: burgers, pizza, a bunch of fried appetizers. Their wings were pretty tasty but everything else was just ok. I don't think the burgers and fries are fresh made in house. I probably would not come here again for the food since it was a pretty boring menu but I might stop in for a pint before watching a movie at the AMC next door. So, here are my thoughts on their beers:  Dog Paddle Wheat - It may just have been the power of suggestion since I read the description before tasting but I really did get the notes of coriander in the flavor. This is a nice and light summer beer but I really didn't get a wheat flavor or mouthfeel at all like you would in a hefe. I'd try this one again when it's hot out and probably like it a lot better. I think it would go great with some Mexican food.  Fence Jumper - Description says oats were involved but apparently not enough to release any proteins because again it seemed watered down. Flavor was very bland as well but then I'm just not a light beer type of girl. Order this one if you are used to Budweiser. You'll probably like it.  Head to Tail Amber - Well usually amber is my favorite but again there was a lack of flavor and body. I will say that it was a really good balance between the malt and the hops. Not a bad beer just a little too dry for me. Hubby had ordered an Angry Orchard and we did try mixing the two (they offer this as an option on their menu) and we both agreed that was very good!  Dog Park Dark Ale - This is a great beer. Really well done. Excellent flavor. I love the deep malty beers though so this is just right up my alley. Again, light body but that's ok because it means you can drink more without filling up! If you like the taste of Guinness but not the heaviness give this a try.  Ocean Beach West Coast IPA - I don't really drink IPAs but this one was ok. Not too hoppy so I guess that's why they classified it as west coast. I did get the citrus taste mentioned in the description so I bet this one would be good in the summer, too.  Dog's Out Stout - I always love a good stout and this one was no exception. Not too much sweetness there - it was a little dry but still great depth of flavor. Again the body was lacking which was a disappointments since usually stouts have a nice creamy mouthfeel to them.  I ordered a pint of the dark ale and confirmed that this is the best beer of the bunch (to my palate at least). I wouldn't mind drinking any of them again but I wouldn't necessarily seek them out either. I hope they keep working on improving the recipes because at least they are on the right track.
4 Fun atmosphere, always have sports on and tv's are in view from almost every seat. Good food and drinks!
4 Clean place, great selection of beers, very good food, great service AND a dog friendly patio!
3 This is a very interesting but fun themed-brewery. As you may guess from the logo, it's all dog-themed which is funny but not over-done so it's great. Since it was our first time here, me and my girlfriend ordered a flight or beer samplers which came on a big wooden dog bone shaped plank, again awesome. Honestly, their beers didn't blow our mind, the seasonal Pale Ale was surprisingly bitter and the Golden Ale was a bit bland. However, I really liked the Dark Ale and Hefe. The food seemed pretty pricey so we stuck with pretzels which were terrific.
4 Walked in here as a change of pace from Pita Jungle next door. Very open and spacious. Huge garage door type of opening behind the first bar lets lots of sunshine and fresh air in.   Jen ordered the beer flight and was a big fan. I'm not a big drinker but the Head to Tale Amber Ale was pretty good for my novice palette.    We had the chicken fingers as an app and even though normally I don't like breaded, theses had a subtle peppery seasoning in the breading which made me want to come back here again just for that and the distinctively different BBQ sauce that came on the side.  Jen and I both ordered prime rib. Didn't know what we wanted at first but it coincidentally was 4pm when they started serving it. Great choice. Jen knows i ca be pretty critical of my food, and when she asked me how it was I said, "Best prime rib I've had in 20 years."  No joke. It could have been that we probably had the first slice and it was also a little luck since our server didn't ask what temp we wanted and yet it came out a perfect medium rare and was sooooooooo good.   Our server was pretty much MIA the majority of the time. Alright guy and other server did check on us. We could have used a little more attention but the meal was so good I pretty much overlooked that part.   On a side note for those who might like to know, the patio is dog friendly and they have a ton of TVs.    I've also read some reviews about not being greeted promptly and poor service. To be honest I can see this just from observing by our experience wasn't all that bad and the food was so damn good we will definitely be back.
1 When we walked in, I thought I was in heaven.  The place is not only dog-friendly, but they have beautiful, fun dog shaped decor.  I ordered the basic burger with no onion, tomatoes or mustard, only lettuce and ketchup.  I also ordered onion rings in place of fries.  My burger came with onions, tomatoes and mustard - no lettuce or ketchup - with fries on the side.  I told the waiter and he apologized and promised to fix the error.  My second burger came with nothing but the patty and mustard - no lettuce or ketchup.  By this time, they had brought my onion rings so I could eat something during the burger catastrophe.  The third burger attempt produced just a patty - no lettuce or ketchup.  I asked the waiter to get those items for me and he brought those on the side.  He apologized and murmured something about the new burger process, blah, blah, blah.  My husband ordered the mac and cheese with shrimp which he enjoyed.  I figured the restaurant would comp our drinks or my burger, but nada.  I was extremely disappointed.
3 The waitress forgot about us.  She ordered our beer, but I brought it to the table myself.  She never came back until I went to the hostess to complain.  The situation was soon rectified by a manager and a waiter that took care of things from there out.  They bought us a round, the food came and then the place was enjoyable.  The OB Fish Platter with Cod, was tasty.  It wasn't "BIG" like the menu said, but tasty for fried fish and fries.  The Margherita Pizza topped with arrugula was tasty, but not out of this world.  The dog friendly theme and patio were cute.  I'd try it again, but I'm probably going to sit at the bar, so my beer doesn't get warm waiting for delivery to the table by an overworked waitress.
2 Went here for a happy hour and was very disappointed with the food and service. We even had to call the manager over. Hopefully it was just that one time. The 2 stars are only for the beer and atmosphere!
5 First time in.. Diane was so nice and made a very warm welcome.. The house brew is awesome I had the head to tale amber ale and can't complain.. Diane was very constant and very attentive.. I've found a new spot for a drink..
2 This is one if my favorite places in Ahwatukee. I love this place. The atmosphere and the food are excellent. I'm a low carber and they cater to my type. I almost always order the chili which is awesome. The chili and wings are an inexpensive meal with your choice of beer, golden. Can't go wrong with the burgers, I always ask to hold the bun. My biggest issue and the only reason why I dinged them to two stars was the service. Typically, I've had good service. Never been great but good enough. Tonight we had a young lady (don't remember her name but she had tattoos across her collarbone), she was friendly too but she was super slow. It took forever to get my wings and chili and it wasn't busy! She forgot my father's cocktail order. It was bad.  I'll come back but not for the service and with lower expectations.
5 Oh my goodness I love this place if I lived closer I probably would be there all the time.  Sat outside bar area at night with the full moon on us and the fireplace going it was very pleasant experience and the Brewery beer samples were amazing.  I ordered the beer cheese soup and was amazed by how good it taste. Last time I ate cheese soup was in North Dakota and always wanted to find some here in Arizona. I would definitely go back to have my choice of brew beer and beer cheese soup. Our bartender was very helpful in helping us out with picking our favorite beer samples and suggesting food.
2 Bad beer, basic food, higher cost than value. Bar environment here is fine and nice outdoor into bar area but the beer here is no where near good. I did a flight and ordered a Green Flash at the end cause none of their beers would I have twice. Really hoping for a good local micro in this area of Phoenix but we're still waiting. Do yourself a favor if looking for good beer right here and just walk over Mellow.
3 The beer is ok.  The food is rather good for bar fare.  Having your dog come out to dinner with you on the patio is great.  Happy hour has some good deals with the sliders probably being my favorite.  There are lots of TVs but don't think of this as a sports bar or you'll be disappointed.  It's just a family restaurant that brews its own beer
1 This was my third visit to Uncle Bear's and most likely my last. The service was incredibly slow from the beginning.  My family arrived before me and asked to be seated at an outdoor patio table when one became available.  Two outdoor tables became available shortly after I arrived.  I watched the two tables being cleared and the girl at the reception desk hadn't notice the empty tables until my son said he'd bus the table if it meant we could be seated for lunch.  That's when the girl behind the desk said she was waiting for the table to be cleared and I told her they were cleared.  That's when she  picked up some menus and walked us to the outdoor patio.    Justin was our server and he seemed new and completely out of his element--perhaps just learning or not the right job for him.  He asked if we wanted to order and I asked if they had a Sauvignon Blanc and he looked at me blankly so I told him it was a white wine and he said he didn't know and pointed to the drink menu and said "the wine is on there."    I ordered the Asian chicken salad with dressing on the side: it came with the dressing on the salad.  Justin told me there was another one in the back and he'd get it for me and I said okay at first then thought it better to keep this one because there was no telling when he'd actually make it back to the table.  The chicken coating was so hard I could barely cut it with my knife.  Thankfully the lettuce was good or I wouldn't have had anything to eat.  My son had the fajitas and his tortillas were old, dry, and hard.  My daughter-in-law had the lettuce pork wraps and the lettuce was so wet her lap quickly filled with the excess water.  The only one at our table who did not have a complaint about their food was my four year-old granddaughter who ordered the cheese pizza.  When I suggested to my son that he ask for fresher tortillas, he said "no, I know as a former server what servers do to food that people send back.  I'll just eat the old and hard tortillas, but I don't like this place anymore."    If it was possible to not have to select one star to post a review I would have done it.  This place didn't earn or deserve even one star today.
5 This dog-friendly bar has a great happy hour menu! Staff is all very friendly! Great place to sit back, watch sports and enjoy a beer :) Easily the best dog-friendly restaurant in Ahwatukee!
3 Beer is supposed to be cold right !?  I'm here with 3 other people and all of our beers are just barely cold.   Atmosphere is cool and food is not bad but the beer and not cold and that is a must go any beer drinker.  This is not Germany.
5 Fun environment great atmosphere awesome food good drinks tv's everywhere all the games and they have there own brewery doesn't get better than that
4 Spacious restaurant with great outdoor seating. Tried a house made wheat beer, other than being warm it was tasty. I hear some beer is meant to be served warm?...maybe that was one I picked? Meh. Not for me. Scrumptious french fries, even though they aren't fresh cut, they were crispy and awesome. The pulled pork was a bit sweet but still delicious....huge portions! The Mac n cheese and buffalo chicken pizza were also ordered at my table and looked awesome too. BF enjoyed his burger that was on special. OH! The most delicious chipotle mayo!! If you're into that kinda thing....you must order it.
4 Ok, the beer here is not mind blowing by any stretch, but to say it's horrible or disgusting is a far cry from the truth as well! BTW Yelpers if you're going to trash beer here or anywhere else please say why you didn't like it! Saying it's disgusting and leaving it at that just shows your lack of credibility IMHO! Again is the beer here mind blowing, no, is it well made, clean and free of off flavors yes it is! So though it may not be the latest trend in yuppified Organic Beer, it is a nice stop in for a decent Beer in a decent atmosphere! Can some of these brews be improved upon? Yes they can, but they are not disgusting either! As a brewer I found them adequate and as I said well made! Clean and without flaws! Did not eat here so cannot comment on the food! Service was fine!
2 We ordered wings, queso,  mac n cheese, sloppy Joe and chicken tenders.  Not a very impressive order to be sure, but it still should've lived up to its typical standards.  But, it did not.   While the wings were good and meaty, everything else feel way short.  The sloppy Joe was the consistency of wet dog food and did not taste good.  The Mac n cheese was flavor less ( it's bad when a 4 year old is asking for salt and pepper ).  The fries were battered and greasy.  The chicken tenders and the queso dip were decent though.  The wait staff was excellent; however,  this review is for the food alone.  Step up the quality of the food to match the high prices, and this place would be decent.  Good beer selection.
2 Definitely not impressed with the quality of the food here. I stopped in before catching a movie and wanted something simple. Got a turkey sandwich and the cheese soup...Both mediocre at best. The bread was not lightly toasted, rather soaked in oil from the grill. I got stomach pains from the grease about a half hour into the movie.  The turkey tasted super processed and was a strange hue of pink..far from what I was expecting. The soup was really bitter..A sign of too much beer in it. My friend got the mac and cheese, which was much better so if I go again I'll probably only get that.
4 Neat atmosphere.  They brew their own beer which you can see in the back.  Lot's of TV's to see what's going on in the sports world.  We ordered the pretzel and an appetizer.  It was really good.  I got the fish tacos which were just OK.  i should have known better than to order these from a non mexican food restaurant.  My son got the crunchy macaroni and cheese and liked it.  The wings were good too.  Lot's of tasty beers to choose from.  I got the sampler tray and tried a few of them.   They were all good.
4 This place has become my favorite Ahwatukee bar. We really needed something like this in the area. The beer here is always wonderful, my favorite is the Mandarin's Best Friend. It has an amazing citrus flavor and is so refreshing for the summer.   I've tried close to everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet. My favorite: blackened chicken sliders. Yum!   Occasionally the service can be a little on the slow side, but if you're looking for a fun, relaxed placed to just hang out...Here it is.
3 First of all my service here was incredible. Our waiter was informative and had a great personality. We ordered nachos which were delicious (they weren't generous with it though. It's definitely a 1 person appetizer). The turkey avocado sandwiches were a bit on the greasy side and the sliders were excellent. They have delicious French fries too! I wasn't too crazy about the beer. I definitely love my dark beer but there was only 1 choice for that. It tasted a bit dull and the flavor just wasn't impressive. The mandarin beer was interesting and tangy! It's something I would drink from the sampler but not have a full cup of. After a few sips, it gets old. The ales were good but nothing to get too excited over.
4 I like the concept, but the execution is a bit lack luster. Friendly service, decent beer, average food. I'd still come back. Mutts nuts double IPA is too strong. BLT the bread and Chipotle mayo is great, but the bacon was over cooked. Great sounding grilled cheese was just OK... add tomatoes? The cole slaw was made yesterday and needed salt and pepper to taste better.
4 I absolutely loved this place! I ordered the Arizonan and my boyfriend got the prime rib sliders. Both were excellent. For an appetizer we ordered a pretzel which was soft and sooo good. They have pics of dogs everywhere and dogs are allowed on the patio so for an animal lover like me it's great. The service was awesome. Hosted greeted us with a smile and asked how our day was going. The waiter was friendly too. Nice place to relax, watch some games, and have some beers. We will definitely be back.
