5 Cell Circle offers quality and friendly repair service with reasonable prices.  The top power button of my iPhone sudden decided to stop working, it just stayed down and wouldn't come back up.  I called a few places around town that does mobile phone repair, but all of them gave me insane prices and led me to believe I should get a new phone.  Except when I called Cell Circle he quoted me a reasonable price,and when I went into the store and Vinny was the nicest guy and got my phone fixed in time about an hour.  Now my iPhone works as good as new.
5 Vinny was so great. My power button on my Galaxy SIII just stopped working suddenly and my carrier wouldn't help me because my Dad was the only authorized user on the carrier account. So when I found Vinny and Cell Circle, I explained what had happened to my phone and he knew right away what to do and fixed it! I recommend this company to anyone who isn't in the market to buy a brand new phone and wants to fix or modify their current phone (I am a student; paying 400-600 dollars for a new phone was not on my list of things to do this week.) and wants to have it fixed or modified for a reasonable price! It's brand new again and I am so happy he could fix it! Thank you Cell Circle and Vinny for taking care of me so quickly and being so kind and friendly too! FIVE STAR SERVICE!
5 Vinny is sincere about his work and has exceptional customer service skills. Anytime I have an issue with my phone, I'm definitely stopping by everytime. The prices are more affordable and reasonable than replacing a phone for just for minor physical damage.
5 My LCD screen needed to be replaced and vinny did an excellent job. He was super fast and very friendly. I dropped my phone off just before close and it was ready by the time he opened the next day! I'm sure I'll need his service again  and wouldn't go anywhere else!
5 I usually fix my owe phone, but when my phone did not charged anymore.  I knew the connector between the battery and the phone was broken.  I had no idea how to fix that so I called Cell Circle.  Vinny was very professional and took him less than 10 minutes to fix the problem for me.  I got a new battery from him too, this time the battery seems to hold its charge.  I will definitely come back to Cell Circle if I have problems in the future.
5 This is the best phone Repair shop in LV, (in my opinion). Has an excellent location, Great prices, an a very professional worker named Vinny who does a hell of a job on repairing devices.
4 .
5 Awesome customer service. Vinnie is the best out there. I highly recommended coming here for all your cell phone repairs and questions.
5 Thanks yelpers! Vinny did great job in a timely manner. I called around and some gave higher estimates and longer turn around time. One was going to charge less but didn't have part. He was only person who told me upfront not worth fixing a first Gen apple ipad..
