5 I have had the pleasure of working with MomDoc Midwives both clinically at Mercy Gilbert, and now personally for a non-pregnancy-related appointment. The midwives and Dr. Guzman are caring, considerate, and thorough. I have nothing but positive things to say about this practice - and I'm so excited that Tiffany Jackson, CNM, has joined them now! An already great practice just got that much better! The office is welcoming, I had no wait, and the MAs were friendly and helpful. I highly recommend MomDoc Midwives if you are planning a hospital birth, AND for your well-woman care.
5 I switched over to MomDoc because Tiffany Jackson is the bomb! I'm 32 weeks along and nearly went into pre-term labor when I found out she was leaving the practice I had been seeing her at. :)   But thankfully MomDoc accepts my insurance. Even though the drive is further than the office I had been seen at, it was an easy choice to switch.   The office was able to schedule my appointment with no problem, so my care was uninterrupted.    The office is beautiful! The exam rooms are comfortable and the staff is so nice!    I have nothing but good things to say about the previous practice I had been seen at. But when you are comfortable and happy with your provider (Tiffany), you follow them!
5 I followed Tiffany Jackson over to MomDoc even though I was 38 weeks along when she moved from her previous practice to this one. Although my insurance was out of network at MomDoc it was totally worth it to have her deliver my baby! Throughout my pregnancy she was very laid back and hands off however very good at listening and addressing any questions or concerns I had. Exactly what I like about Midwives! This was my second child and he decided to arrive very quickly. Tiffany was so calm and reassuring and really encouraged me to deliver my son in whatever position was most comfortable for me. Her calm presence gave me the confidence to relax and deliver my son naturally. It was a fantastic experience! My husband and I are done having children however I would recommend Tiffany over and over to friends and family wishing to have a "home like" birth experience in a hospital setting. She is amazing!
5 I switched over to MomDoc Midwives at about 16 weeks pregnant. I am so happy I did! The midwives there are great, and very supportive of my VBAC. Love them. Just had my baby via VBAC last week at Mercy Gilbert and would not have been able to do it without them.
5 I switched to MomDoc Midwives in the third trimester of my second pregnancy, following Tiffany Jackson from her previous practice, and am so happy I did. Tiffany (and Ramona, too) was fantastic from day one in my first pregnancy, but I had no idea what I was missing at MomDoc Midwives. The entire staff is friendly, prompt and responsive; they're available to take phone calls long after most offices have shut down for the evening; and the office feels more like home than a clinic. Dr. Guzman is wonderfully kind and friendly, as well as committed to ensuring my son's birth met my expectations, desires and needs. He really made me feel like I'd made a good decision and was in skilled and compassionate hands along side Tiffany's. I can't recommend MomDoc Midwives enough.
4 I followed Tiffany here from her previous office and am glad I did. The office is very comfortable and homey and the office staff inside the office are very kind and warm. Tiffany is very LGBT friendly, too.  I took one star off because the scheduling department has some room for improvement in terms of scheduling and phone courtesy.
5 We had our daughter 5 days ago and I'm writing this review because I'm thrilled with our experience with the midwives at this practice!    I had my heart set on having the safest most natural and non-medicated birth possible, so I ended up interviewing plenty of doctors and midwives.  I'm typically not a fan of G&P and only switched to MomDoc because Tiffany who had become my midwife moved to MomDoc herself.  I was appreciative that the midwives encouraged me to schedule appts with all the different midwives so that I would already have met whomever was on call during my labor.  I absolutely loved the kindness, support and reassuring nature of the midwives that I met, Monica, Ramona, Tiffany and Keli and would highly recommend them to anyone!  Tiffany encouraged me to ask for everything I wanted in my birth plan (including no hep lock/IV as long as labor was going smoothly and I could keep fluids down, different birth positions and having my husband catch the baby!) and Keli who helped deliver our daughter honored it to a tee.  Keli's presence was absolutely amazing, calm and quiet as my natural labor unfolded and never letting us feel like we needed to rush the process.  Then she was incredibly active and helpful during the pushing phase, as she suspected (and rightly so) that the chord might be around the baby's neck and was able to give us the safe natural vaginal birth we desired!  Also I need to mention Mercy Gilbert for being so supportive of natural birth and breast feeding and having an amazing nursing staff.
5 Great experience. The entire staff was great. Loved all the midwives, especially Ramona, Tiffany, and Melissa. When I had some issues a few weeks after my daughter was born doctor Guzman did an amazing job! We will be back when we're ready for our next baby!
