5 We were referred to Dr. Gibson's office via our dentist for my daughter's required tooth removal.  Upon arrival the front desk staff greeted us in the most professional manner and after we completed the routine paperwork and in timely fashion we were directed to Dr. Bryce D. Leavitt for the consultation.  Dr. Leavitt didn't let us leave until we understood all the options available to us with no pressure.  We left the office in confidence that we would use him for the procedure after interviewing 2 other surgeons.    Our intuition was dead on as Dr. Leavitt spent all the necessary time before during and after the procedure to make sure my daughter was comfortable.  In fact there was a minor issue and he had us come in after hours to remedy the situation instead of coming in the next business day.   This kind of service is rare and you can feel very comfortable with Dr. Leavitt as we will absolutely go back to in the future and highly recommend him to anyone needing oral or implant surgery.  I would also like to say that the entire support staff is friendly and highly professional.
5 We were referred to Dr. Leavitt by our dentist to have wisdom teeth removed.  I have never seen a doctor and his staff be so caring to their patients.  My boyfriend was debating between going under anesthesia or not for the procedure and Dr. Leavitt gave him all his options and made sure he understood everything before proceeding with treatment.  After the anesthesia my boyfriend was very loopy and the doctor helped us get him out to the car and made sure to give us his cell phone number to be reached for any emergencies.  I would highly recommend Dr. Leavitt for any dental needs!!
5 I was referred to Dr Leavitt by my dentist for removal of my wisdom teeth.  I have an extreme phobia of dentists so this was not an easy thing for me to do.  Dr Leavitt and his staff didn't make me feel ashamed of my fears but did all they could to make me feel comfortable.  They explained everything they were doing.  After the procedure Dr. Leavitt gave me his personal cell number if I needed anything.  They helped me out to the car and ensured I was good to go.  Dr Leavitt called me that night to check on me.  I would definitely recommend this office and staff to everyone.  They are the best.  I wish I could give them 10 stars they deserve it!
5 Dr. Gibson and his entire staff are absolutely wonderful!!!  From the moment you walk in the door their care and concern is apparent.   I was referred to them from my dentist.  Having no previous relationship, I immediately felt as though I was a long time patient whose time was valued and I was a part of their family.  The procedure (ext ration and implant) was explained in great detail and they held my hand through the entire process.  Dr. Gibson is a world class oral surgeon and the procedure could not have gone any smoother.  To see the final result of his work and the job done, I can only say what a positive experience I had.  I would recommend Dr Gibson without reservation. If you need oral surgery and are reading this - stop looking!!!  You will NOT find a better place and are just wasting your time!  Thank you Dr Gibson and team!!!  Peter
