5 I discovered this Salon when I lived on the west side of town...what keeps me going back now that I live 30 mins away?  CUSTOMER SERVICE!  No it is not dead, just very hard to find anymore.  These guys may be a small opperation but it's this type of mom-and-pop business I want to keep alive, not because they do great work (my two dogs always look exceptional after their doggie spa day), they know that a happy client is a repeat client!  What do you know?  Yes people, the old addage "the customer is king." still works!
5 We come here for one purpose an purpose only-- to get our dog's nails trimmed. I'd do it myself but for whatever reason, I always hit her quick and freak out that I'll be the cause for an infection.  Going through the neighborhood ValPak one day we saw that there was a place nearby that had a coupon for a FREE nail trim. Wait, FREE?! At our vet they charge us $12 to dremel her nails! At One love they charge $5 regardless and you can use the coupon regardless if it's your first time or not!   The staff is great and they're very friendly and genuinely like what they do. Unfortunately we'll probably never know what it's like to get her groomed here bc we've got a Miniature Pinscher so we bathe her and she dries in 10 mins and the only hair problem we have is her all year round shedding that we can't do anything about.  Coupon or not, we'll be coming here for for nails!
1 PLEASE!!!! Do not take your pets here.  Our dog died 2 weeks after being groomed here due to complications from surgery of a dislocated hip. He was perfectly fine when we dropped him off, and when we picked him up his leg/hip was dangling. They should not own this type of business if they do not know how to properly care for animals. I will not stop talking about it and reporting it until everyone in Las Vegas is warned and we feel that they have taken accountability for what happened and their handling of the situation. My dog was 17 but was in great health and should not have died this way.  They paid our original vet bill but refused to pay for the required surgery stating that their insurance wouldn't cover it.  All we really wanted to know was what actually happened to our dog, and that they had corrected the circumstances that allowed this to happen but they refused to take any accountability. I would hate for anyone to have to endure the pain and sadness that my husband and I have gone through over this.
5 Just took our Dogs to get there nails done. The women there were beyond the nicest people to deal with and showed loving care to our dogs. your Dog is in great hands.
1 Don't go to this pet salon.  They completely destroyed my dogs private parts and blamed it on my dog that he was too fidgety. My poor dog is still a puppy and now his private area is not healing properly!!
