4 Also wenn man mal in Las Vegas ist und zufällig im Veentian wohnt sollte man unbedingt einen Tisch reservieren im Zeffirino's und auf alle Fälle den Planeta Wein bestellen ( 90 $ aber lecker ) .    Das Essen ist sehr schön angerichtet und sehr sehr schmackhaft ! Das Restaurant bietet immer ein Menü an zu einem wirklich firen Preis !
4 Ridiculously good Thanksgiving buffet! American classics plus Italian twists. Exceptional service.
5 Hidden Gem does not accurately describe this place. We happened by it about a year ago when we went to see Tim & Faith and it was fantastic. Then we tried to find it again but couldn't remember the name.  Made a reservation elsewhere in the Venetian then read the reviews so decided to go try and find it.  I asked at the Rock of Ages ticket booth where the best Italian restaurant would be and she said there were many but she liked Zefferino's.   As we walked in there we were back where we wanted to be in the 1st place!  It looks out over the inside Gondolas and has enough soft surfaces that it is quaint and quiet.  The staff is amazing, there was a great piano player downstairs but we wanted to be upstairs.    I had Penne Bolognese and it was the best I have ever had!  The others in our party had a seafood special that they all said was the best as well.  Dessert was great it was quite simply a perfect night. A MUST to go to on the Strip!
5 This is one of my favorites restaurants in Vegas. Great atmosphere, perfect view, romantic, elegant; all that without mention the excellent food and service
5 I came here on Mother's day this year with my mom. I was in Vegas for a training conference and my mom came out to meet me which was so fun!  I asked her what she wanted to do and she said she just really wanted to go to brunch. This was the PERFECT brunch for us.   I found the place on Opentable, I had never heard of it before but now I will definitely be back. I would love to try the lunch or dinner menus they have.   Our drinks were never empty, and we always had everything we needed from the staff.   If I had one critique it would be that there weren't enough traditional breakfast items. 90% of all the food in the brunch was more lunch themed.   It was a bit pricey (around $80 per person if I remember correctly) but SO worth it. My mom loved it and we had a great time.   Also if you are eating here, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms. They are very very nice
