5 This place can be described with one word.... AMAZING!  I'm not one of those people who writes a lot of reviews, but the outstanding quality of the lashes and lash adhesive  is incomparable  to anything else that I've tried. And the service is simply the best. I have frequented Ultimate Lash &Brow several times now and each visit keeps getting better and better! The mink lash extensions  feel so natural even with the most bold look.  If you are looking for the perfect lash extensions, this is the best place to go to in the valley. The fantastic service and quality is worth ever penny and then some!
5 I can't even put into words how pleased I am with the services UL & B provided!! I had a full set of eyelashes done, as well as the semi-permanent mascara to my lower lashes...and the experience was exponential!!! From the first phone call with Vien, who went way ABOVE and BEYOND to accommodate my schedule!!! Then Boosara, who was extremely professional and knowledgeable!!! She did an EXCELLENT job with the application of my lashes, as well as applying the semi-permanent mascara!! My lashes look FABULOUS!!! I had them done before with another salon and was not pleased with their work.   If you're looking for perfect lashes as well as knowledge and professionalism, this is the place to go!!! You won't regret it!!! And the mink lashes are the best!!! Very natural looking and feeling...don't even know they're there!!! Thank you UL & B...you have a customer for life!!
5 My lashes are amazing. The service was great. I will be returning!!!!! Found me a new lash lady!!!!!!
1 Horrible worst extensions I have ever had don't buy the groupon not worth it she hurried through it they lasted about 3 days .
5 I purchased a groupon for the mink lashes...it was a pretty awesome deal.  I was nervous as I have never had eyelash extensions and I have only worn false lashes once. I don't mean to brag...ok I do mean to brag; I do not need eyelash extensions as I normally have great long lashes! But my curiosity got me and I wanted to try them.... enough rambling on...  The salon was clean and cute. I got there early and I was given a bunch of papers and i mean A BUNCH to fill out and sign. It was a bit intimidating I must admit. After waiting for about 30 minutes, my eyelash tech came out and introduced herself. She was super sweet. I think Erica was her name. Being a HUGE animal lover, I asked if MINK lashes were real mink fur and she was honest so I opted out and got synthetic ones instead. Anyway, an hour later i laid down on the table, I got up with these long beautiful lashes! I LOVE them! I hardly need makeup now and I've been complimented left and right! Erica did awesome!
5 First time it was a great experience Erica was very nice professional!
5 I was looking for a reputable eyelash extension place & my daughter chance upon living social about an eyelash extension place,I purchased the service but I couldn't get an appointment on a specific day that I wanted but Kathy from this company was very helpful & got me in.i had Erica,she's ok but on my retouch I fit Boo, oh my god she's soooo good,so now I only get it done by Boo & I referred my daughter to have Boo do it .Boo is so nice quick but precise & does a very good job, love her!!!!!!
5 I found this lash place on Groupon and purchased the Queen Bee look (150 lashes per eye) for $105. This was my second time getting a full set of lashes done and I was not expecting much since my last lash appointment at Beautiful Skin and Nails (see my review) was not great. Man was I in for a great surprise! This place is absolutely AMAZING!!  When I arrived there were two chairs in the waiting room and it took a while for anyone to come out so at first I wondered if I was at the right area but within about 5 minutes, a very nice lady wearing a white clinical jacket came out to greet me and handed me a thick packet to fill out.  The packet covered warnings on side effects, had questions to weed out people who were not good candidates for eyelash extensions etc. It also included several questions regarding what kind of look you were trying to achieve, how dramatic you wanted the length and curl of the lash, and suggestions on what would look better with different eye shapes and sizes. I also appreciated the section on pros and cons using mink, human hair or synthetic lashes. Although it was a lot of paperwork to go through and fill out, I feel it was instrumental in helping achieve the look I was aiming for and eliminated any disappointments or unhappiness with the extensions.  I believe my technician's name was Bogara. The lash application was done in a private room and was relaxing. It took about an hour and thirty minutes to complete the application but the look was absolutely amazing. I had no complaints. It was truly everything I was looking for in the length, curl and feel. I also appreciated the written after-care instructions I received as it is sometimes hard to remember all the do's and dont's when verbal instructions are given. My tech was very nice and extremely professional.  It is now 3 weeks later and my eyes still look great! I'd say 60% of my lashes are still there and the curl is still good. I am setting up an appointment this week for a fill. I can't say enough how happy I am with Ultimate Lash and Brow! Thank you for caring for your clients the way you do :)
5 Used my groupon today for the mascara look with Japanese synthetic 55 lashes each eye. I usually wear false lashes but I love my first time lash extensions!! Opens up my eyes a lot more and can actually see my lashes now. Not too dramatic great for everyday without makeup too  Highly recommended to make your appointment and try it out :)
1 I got the Queen Bee lashes for my birthday.....They looked great.....But lasted only 1 week.  They told me they would last 4 to 6 weeks.... WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!
5 My first time trying eyelash extensions was from this location and that was 4 months ago. Now I am totally addicted and go every month! I love the way the lashes make my whole face look and they are so much more low maintenance than I expected. I wear less makeup than I did before and I almost never wear mascara! Everybody who works here is super friendly and is excellent at their job.
5 Before buying this lash extension deal I did some research on some others and it was clear just from my research that this place is special.  So I bought a Living Social Deal and purchased the "Queen Bee" (150 lashes each eye), I also had my bottom lashes done as well.  I went to their new location on Hayden, yes there was some paperwork to fill out.  The experience was amazing.  Erica is the best, explains everything but in the end I told her the look I was going for and I put myself in her hands.  I am hooked, they look so NATURAL and yes yes I do not need to wear mascara.  She started with shorter lashes to build a better base and then the longer lashes.  The place was so clean and Erica was most concerned about my comfort.  I have already booked my first fill appointment.  If you go any place else you will not be satisfied.    Easy online scheduling and they send you so many reminders about your up coming appt.  You may have to wait a bit to get in your first time as they are booked but it is well worth it.  Thank you Erica...see you soon!!!
5 Went in today for the mascara look. It was my first time, and Erica is awesome. She went over all my choices and she was very knowledgeable. My lashes look great! Highly recommend her.
5 As an eyelash virgin, I had no idea what to expect nor how to convey what I wanted.  Nida was so patient and so good with me.  I love the extensions. She did great!
3 I bought a groupon and used it right away. Scheduling an appointment was very easy. When I went, I guess they had just relocated their office? So it was very hard for me to find as there was no signs up or anything. The front desk people were very nice & the owner was a sweetheart as well. The lady who did my lashes was nice as well. She kept the whole appointment conversational which I enjoyed because it was a fairly long appointment and it kept me entertained. The only reason why I gave this a three star is because my lashes did not last two days :/ I followed all the instructions given to me. Did not wear make up for 48 hours, did not use anything I wasn't suppose to. After the recommended time to wait befor getting them wet...I washed my face and one by one my lashes were falling off. It didn't even last a week for my family party I had coming up. I was extremely bummed as I paid $60 or so on this groupon. Not sure if it was the application or products used to apply them...but I can assume you 100% I followed the aftercare instructions as I was really trying to get then to last until the family gathering...but it didn't :(
2 Had my very first experience with eyelash extensions here in December 2013.  Had a pleasant experience with them being placed, and they looked great but within 2 weeks every single lash had fallen off.  Not that my lashes fell out, but the glue did not hold at all.  I was extremely diligent about following the instructions.  Now after having gone to two other places for eyelash extensions and not having an issue at either one (couldn't get the lashes off if I tried) I know that it's not me, it's the inferior glue that they use.
