3 There's a small hidden vape shop on sahara close to maryland, that i haven't heard of or can see unless you really look, but I was browsing the posts in a facebook group i follow where people in Las Vegas sell, trade and buy things and came across someone advertising their Vape shop. I decided to stop in a couple times during the business hours on their facebook page, and 2 or 3 hours before they supposedly closed the owner wasn't in and the store was closed. As this shop is connected to a pc repair shop the people working here said that he has class around the time i came in. Surely I figured the Source of Vape's hours should be updated on facebook sometimes around. Just go in around 10 am to noon to be safe.  Recently i made sure i came in early, around 12 to 1 and Mr. Jhong was in! I walked inside and was greeted and asked what i was looking for. I just said to check out some juice. At the time i was in, there was around 30 or so flavors, mixed by them at an average price you see around town for the average bottle.  I just about tested all of them and to me most were just about average and they tasted just about the same to me. The clearomizers were leaking and messy and I pretty much had sticky hands swapping the flavors around. Not really a good thing.  As for devices, the everyday starter kits, i saw a few variable voltages, some mechanical mods that were clones, a couple rba's, and some other accessories. Prices for these were higher than what i've seen at different shops. I didn't end up buying anything as I wasn't too interested in really anything except for a mod but didn't feel like paying so much for it.   I would give around 5/10 stars if the option, wasn't really a good experience but out of 5 i'll rate a 3, Jhong is a very nice guy. We were talking and he mentioned that he may end up relocating and have a vape shop open late, around 2am. I find this nice because if a place is worth hanging out at, You may find me there late! Flavors could be worked on more, the testers rack could be cleaner, i've seen better prices at shops that have a bigger store and rent is higher, would make you think a small store that pays less rent would actually have products cost less.
5 its a very great store. The employees are doing whatever to make the customer happy. They are able to do a GREAT build and leave you with a one of a kind setup. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5 Super great service and made my vape hit fatter than anything I've ever seen I recommend this shop over everyone else's ! Thanks Jhong !
