1 This Place Is A Scam If You Are Just A Regular consumer. Before you join this very expensive discount club, make sure you know exactly what you are getting into. Works only if you are planning on putting like $30,000 in renovations to your kitchen or bathroom. The travel program is only good for cruises or all inclusive resort stays. BUT only if you are willing to waste $$$ to join a "club".  Buyer beware THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY!!!! and throw all normal policies of customer service out the door! Got fooled into signing up and paying the membership fee, went home and tried to see how we could in real life use their discounts, realized it was not going to work out, tried to cancel within their 3 day period. Drove all the way back there to get our membership cancelled. After being given the run around, by front office staff & salesperson Peter, was told only Tom (boss?!?) could approve my cancellation and that he was in a meeting and nobody knew when he was coming back. I said I would wait, 15 minutes later Jen (marketing pitch person) came out, made me explain everything in my situation, why we joined, why we want to cancel, and made me feel that she understands my situation. She said she would take care of things and she stepped away. She came back said she talked to Tom (oh all of a sudden Tom is back/available!!!) and that Jeremy (store manager?!?) would process my cancellation immediately and it would take 48-72hours for it to show back as a refund. Well, that was March 18th and today is March 25th.  No evidence of any refund pending on our credit card, no return phone call from anyone at DirectBuy, looks like all false promises and LIES! How can people live with themselves knowing they are ROBBING hard working people from their hard earned money!
1 I received an obvious marketing ploy letter in the mail for a free Android tablet.  Sure am glad I found these reviews on Yelp.  "Clubs" like these were around about 20 years ago, and promised big savings for a huge entry fee.  Yeah the prices were great, but it was all on goods I was not planning on buying anyway. I'm with Kris L on this...unless you are already planning to spend a huge amount on these types of items, stay away.  There's a reason these types of businesses use aggressive marketing ploys.  They prey on the financially illiterate who can be swayed by a freebie, and swoon over luxury goods. Stay away.
4 I first joined in 1999 and have been a member ever since. I joined when I first built my house and used the club extensively to furnish and finish my home saving a lot of money in the process. After that I used it only occasionally but still found it worthwhile as I could buy my mother pieces of Le Creuset cookware for substantially less than I could find it even at the best sale prices. You can also find high quality knives, luggage, massage chairs and a lot more. The club is geared more towards high end, high quality goods, though not exclusively, so if that's not your thing, this may not be for you.   I'm now in the middle of remodeling my home and have once again saved a lot of money on furniture, lighting, window coverings and tile. I have been working with an interior designer who can buy most building materials and furniture at wholesale. For some items it was better to go through her resources but for most, we were able to get exactly what we wanted and the best deals through Direct Buy.   The showroom is beautiful and well laid out. Ordering is a bit more time consuming than walking into a store and picking out what you want. You need to provide item numbers, shipping weights, specify finishes, etc. but the staff is friendly and more than willing to help you out and the catalogs contain all of the information you need. It's not difficult by any stretch of the imagine, it's just a bit more time consuming and quite possibly heavenly for the detail oriented, OCD types. Allow yourself plenty of time to peruse the vast selection of items and options and it's a cakewalk.   Online ordering is also quite easy. I ordered my lighting last Thursday, expecting it to arrive in about a month (it ships direct from the manufacturer). It arrived on Saturday, much to my surprise.   Bottom line, if you are building or furnishing a home or doing a remodel with high quality materials and furnishings then it's a worthwhile investment. If you want Ikea quality at Ikea prices, then Ikea is a better bet. Just plan on replacing it all in a few years. And for anyone who considers this ultra high end, please visit Christian Liaigre or Clive Christian.
1 huge scam!!!!!! stay away!!!
4 I attended the open house in April and have saved  roughly $3,000 on my living room furniture, bedroom sets, and little things for in and around my house.  My next project is my kitchen remodel, I've received several quotes and from various contractors and directbuy is by far the best price! Joel, one of the membership directors was very helpful and most of all honest. Yes not everything at direct buy is cheaper then bargain shopping but I'd say about 85% of it is! Oh, and the free vacation that we got just for coming was amazing! 4 star quality beach property! For all the skeptics I'd say risk the 90 mins and worst comes to worst you get a free vacation out of it!
