5 This place got some good e liquid selections, if you Vape you owe your self to check them out!  Good customer services and place feature some original art works, I thought was pretty cool.
5 Great customer service! Brian was awesome and very personable. The place has a great vibe and features a great selection of juices, mods and all your vamping needs. The place is central to anywhere in the valley, coming from Goodyear it was well worth the drive. Can't wait to see what this place will grow into. Do yourself a favor and visit Brian and try the black label melon flavor.
5 Beautiful store. Helpful and knowledgable staff. Tried a bunch of different models and juices, staff was patient and had lots of good information. Definitely going back.
5 I went in yesterday after work because I thought they sold cigarettes.  Turns out they did not.  I talked to the guy (Brian, I believe) working for a while and he let me try different flavors and different nicotine levels.  I told him I was not that interested in quitting smoking or even purchasing a vapor e-cig, but he told me I should at least try the flavors before I left.  So, I did.  I was very happy he persuaded me because I ended up buying one that was 24 mg of nicotine since I told him I smoke a pack a day (my total was $48.10 for about a two weeks supply).  One of the starter kits was about 30 bucks, but I wanted a higher nicotine level.  The kit came with a charger, a wick, the liquid, a mouthpiece, the base, and whatever it is that you put the liquid in.  He showed me everything I needed to know about assembling it and was very thorough about what I needed to do after I ran out of liquid and wicks.  When I have to get new wicks and liquids, it is about 20 bucks total which will last me two more weeks which is way cheaper than buying cigarettes everyday. They also do a points system when you purchase something when you sign up.  For every $20 you spend, you receive $1 in points towards your next purchase or you can build up points and use them at a different time, as well.  So, my next visit I can get $2 off if I want.  I had a pack of cigarettes at home and smoked one and it did not even compare to my new e-cig.  I will definitely be going back and taking my friends with me who have bought vapor cigs in the past but had bad luck with them.  Brian was knowledgeable and very easy going.  He  has completely changed my opinion on vapor cigarettes!  Also, I felt like my lungs were clearing from all the normal cigarettes I have been smoking.  I will be a customer here for as long as I smoke.
3 Nice selection of juices. The people here are very friendly. I very rarely give 5 stars to any business unless its over the top. The reason this got 3 stars is because when I was in there, I saw a person buy a mechanical mod kit. The kit came with a 18650 battery which is awesome. It wasn't an efest, mnke, sony or panasonic. The person helping said it wasnt a high drain. The guys friend was quite unfamiliar with the specs on the battery so he asked what the continuous amp draw and burst was. The person helping did not know. This is quite alarming since you literally can blow your hand off if a 18650 goes critical and explodes/vents in a mod. If your going to be selling mech mods and batteries then you should know the limits of each and every battery no matter what the brand. There is no excuse for not knowing. Safety first.
1 I went in this place expecting to be impressed, sad to say I wasn't. The vape tastes like a bunch of chemicals and the flavors were garbage. Not a place I will ever go back to.
5 I had to laugh @ " to quit smoking all he needed was just a pen"  As far as the staff goes, I only dealt with Tanner and I'd say he's probably one of the most knowledgable sales associates I've ever encountered in a vape shop. At no time did he come close to trying to up sell me on anything.  I picked up a bottle of Virgin Vapor's organic ejuice and was on my way.  Not the best shop I've ever been to but tanner took this review from a 3/4 to a 5.  Nice shop, great staff!
5 My friend Emily and I decided to stop in and see this store.  I already have an ecig and Emily wanted one. Neither of us knew much about them (even myself since a friend gave me mine).  Brian was the person working and he took the time to show us the different products and explained to us how they work.  He was knowledgeable about everything and helped Emily find the one that would work for how much she would use it.  He was also very knowledgeable about the different kinds of juice.  I really appreciate good customer service and I hope people will frequent this business.  p.s. Blackberry Champagne is the juice to get!!!!!
5 I've been coming here for almost 6 months and been very happy. Brian, tanner,Stacy and Lexi  are great employees always very helpful and courteous. I've learnt a lot of stuff from here. There juice section is big and they can custom mix Mt Baker juice to your liking. They have a nice area if you have to wait for a few minutes the music they play is calming. The wait time is never more then 5 minutes. They take time to explain stuff to everyone.  I'm a loyal customers to here and always be.
5 Visiting from out town and came across this shop and I have to say that the staff here is top notch, very knowledgeable and patient.
5 Love this place!! Stacy and Tanner are always very accommodating and friendly. Their knowledge of the products is above and beyond. Best place to buy vapes in Phoenix, hands down!
