2 I recently moved in this August expecting an upscale apartment.  In the end, cabinets, floors, and other features are very bottom of the line.  Floors are not wood, but more of a thin plastic floor covering with tons of scratches.  Appliances are stainless steel, but my dishwasher has already broken 1 month into renting.  Maintenance seems very slow to fix problems, taking at least a week to fix problems.   The building also has problems with the fire alarms and they often go off in the middle of the night, multiple times a night.   The company still has not seemed to find a solution to this problem yet (which they continue to attribute to dust)!!  The only positive I can say about the building thus far is that the building managers are fairly friendly, remember my name, and usually keep us up to date on things happening in the building.   Overall, I am glad I am the first person to live here, since the furnishings won't last and will seem very run down in a few years.  Hopefully maintenance improves.  Way overpriced for what you are getting, especially if renting out efficiency or one bedroom.
1 What a joke of an apartment. I am positive the place is put together with bubblegum and bandaids. I knew they were in a hurry to complete the project for tenants to move in and August 1 and it it clear that it wasn't ready for move in. Blinds were not even put on the windows until two weeks after move in and the door entry system wasn't up and running until a month later, and mine still does not work.  Like the other review mentioned, the "hardwood floors" are cheap and scratch easily. They thought it would keep up with a sleek design to not put door knobs on the closet doors which later yielded it impossible to function and all units had knobs added. When I had moved in I couldn't get the air conditioning to work on a simple thermostat and thought I was losing my mind because I couldn't figure it out. When I had contacted them they came to look at it and said it was working. Mind you that my window doesn't open more than 2 inches due to safety concerns the location of my unit. When they came back a second time if was finally fixed but it doesn't have the capabilities to go lower than 73 degrees. When it came time to finally give in and turn the heat on, I had the same problem. I woke up one morning to a brisk 58 degrees when I had set it at 70 when I went to bed. When they FINALLY came to look at it again they mentioned about 20 percent of the units in the building were having this problem and were installed improperly. Nice. The maintenance man gave me a space heater for the night and said good luck, someone would be in tomorrow. It's now fixed but I still have problems with the hot water. I've never taken more than a luke warm shower here, no matter what time or day it is. With a building this large and a property management company that has many properties and experience as they have,  I would think they could account for hot water for all tenants. Other than junk amenities this place has endless problems including parking and not letting the city offer street parking permits, so if I am home M-Sat I am moving my car every 2 hours to avoid a parking ticket. Also, there are times I come home from work around midnight and there is puke all over the lobby and it is absoluetly disgusting. They seem to be more worried about installing the soda machines in the lobby rather than taking care of residents needs. They also start construction on the building at 745am so forget about that extra 15min of sleep you crave if you rise at 8 or later. One of the elevators is continually out of service so  it takes eons for the one functioning on to do all the work, you're better off taking the stairs to the 9th floor. Lastly, as the previous review mentioned, the fire alarms are always going off because some dust during the construction is tripping them and it always seems to be around 11pm or later on the weekdays. This place is not worth paying a "luxury" price for, and I am really disappointed  with Madison Property Management because I know they usually do good work.
4 Overall, most problems have been worked out over the first year.   Fitness center has been added, which provides a good amount of weight machines, 2 treadmills, recumbent bike and elliptical.   It is great to have the addition of  Cargo Coffee Shop and Star Bar on the first floor.  Lobby and common areas are always kept clean, even through the messy winter.  Still would like to comment on the professionalism of the staff-always very friendly and  provide monthly newsletters with updates and important information regarding apartment.
