5 Best Chinese food in Gilbert/Mesa and at great prices. They have authentic dishes found only at authentic places. The mei fun is awesome. You MUST try the fried dumplings for am old standard, which are the best I have ever had. Yummy.
5 The best Chinese restaurant in the area, hands down.  Absolutely delicious.
5 The egg foo young was a really big portion. I was pleasantly surprised. It was hot and fresh when I got it. The fried rice is also really good. The spring rolls are 2 for $1.95. Overall it was perfect and I would order from them again.
5 Simply amazing!  Just ordered delivery from this place and it's the best Chinese around!  We just moved to Gilbert and this was the first place that popped up to try.  The staff was friendly when we called in to order and the delivery man was also very friendly when he came to the door.
5 Finally a great Chinese place close to home! Read the great reviews and since a menu arrived in the mail, we headed right over to check it out.  Lunch menu is huge, Hot and Sour soup satisfied my craving. Server was so friendly and the food came out in minutes.  Best Crab Rangoon I have had since moving here 6 years ago.
1 Worst Chinese food ever!   Waited over 90 min for delivery to hotel then absolutely nothing tasted like it should have.   Kung pao chickens only vegetable was 2 pieces of broccoli, and it tasted like sweet &  sour chicken.  Would never recommend!
1 Where to start? We live in an area that doesn't really have a choice for delivery and so we chose Grace Garden over China Pearl. BAD choice.   To start, the girl that answered the phone was not very pleasant. She was impatient with me after I asked a couple of questions and definitely wanted to end the call asap. I ordered a Chicken with Mixed Vegetables, a Triple Delight, Crab Rangoons, Donuts, and chicken nuggets and fries for a little one.   It took over 55 minutes for us to get our food. Upon opening the food I knew something was up. Nothing looked fresh, it smelled funky and it was...COLD. The nuggets were just microwave nuggets (I thought they'd be more like sweet and sour chicken nuggets without the sauce), the fries were soppy wet, the donuts were burnt AND soggy (I'm used to crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside), the chicken and mixed vegetables had horrible flavor and the vegetables tasted rotten. The Triple Delight was ok except for the beef which tasted grinded and then patted into a strip and I had gristle in mine. I literally could not finish my meal.  The crab rangoons were also mushy and not crunchy whatsoever.   Honestly, I would not be surprised if the delivery kid got the order and then went to smoke a bowl or go to a friends house before delivering it to us. That or they just let our stuff sit under a hot lamp. I never thought you could really mess up Chinese food but this was proof that you actually can. That food was obviously made LONG before it ever made it to us.   I would never recommend this place to anyone and I will never, EVER be returning as a customer. Terrible.
5 I've ordered delivery (Egg Drop Soup. Pan Fried Dumplings. Egg Rolls and Pork Fried rice). Eaten on location (Orange Chicken. Seafood Platter). This is some of the best Chinese food I have had in this town. Between freshly made and being full of great flavors I cannot recommend this place enough.
4 Ordered from them for the first time tonight. Girl on the phone was very pleasant and answered questions I had regarding vegetarian tofu options. Very patient and kind. Food was delivered in a timely fashion. Hot and fresh. Good size portions for price. We had orange tofu with white rice for my vegetarian daughter. I had sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, and an egg roll. I really liked that the sweet and sour sauce was on the side. We thought the food was very good. We have enough for at least 2 more meals! Definitely will order from here again. Excellent service and food.
