3 Good selection of apps, salads, ramen and udon, sushi and sashimi at reasonable prices. No frills and average to above average flavors freshly made.  Had the veggie tempura (6 pieces mixed of onion, zucchini, sweet potato, and asparagus) with a sweet sesame sauce, small salad (chopped lettuce, red cabbage, carrot with simple soy and sesame dressing), and bowl of miso (very nice). Tempura and miso were very good, while the salad was just so-so. Not bad for $8.50. Wife enjoyed her California and Baked Lobster rolls.  Nice to have a quick and easy Japanese place in the area.
3 Is it fast food sushi or a nice sit down?  Definitely fast food sushi with reasonable prices located in my uhhhh-rea (area)!  I love how it is close to home and it is just a little below price of any other Japanese restaurant.  We will be back again only because it is close to home and it is fast food sushi.  There really isn't anything else special about this place, therefore, from the great Gump, "That's all I got to say about that!"
1 I live in north central Phoenix, and one night after payday had a hankering to go buy me some makeup. So I headed up to the closest Ulta, and was going to initially stop by L&L to buy me and the hubs some Hawaiian bbq for dinner.  Except Fresh Wasabi caught my eye. Now keep in mind the sign's a bit misleading- the first thing that catches your eye says 'bento box.' Not Fresh Wasabi. But you know, I'm always down for Japanese food. The place had a decent amount of people in it, and perusing the menu I saw two things that immediately caught my eye- ramen and bulgogi. I love the former, my husband the latter. So why not? I order me some ramen, get him the bulgogi bowl, and get us a cali roll to enjoy as well.   The food came out promptly. That was... really about the only good thing here on out.   My biggest beef (no pun intended) was how they packaged my ramen. They kept the broth and the noodles in two separate Styrofoam bowls. Pretty standard procedure. But they they proceed to stack my noodles and broth, my husband's bulgogi bowl AND the cali roll one on top of the other in some precarious leaning tower of take out asian food. It was a disaster waiting to happen. But I totter out with this tower of food tied up in a plastic bag, and proceed to drive the 5 or so miles home as carefully as I could.   No luck. The thing topples over at the first light I gently pull to a stop at, and by the time I get home and bring the plastic bag in I realize that my broth is no longer in my styrofoam bowl, but all over the bottom of the plastic bag.   Thank god for good plastic bags. At least they invested in those, because the lids on the soup bowl sure weren't up to par. The weight of everything else on top of the broth bowl broke the lid, and the braking did the rest. Soup got into our cali rolls, but NOT my noodles. My husband's bulgogi bowl escaped largely unscathed, but that didn't save it. It was bland and not very much like bulgogi. The cali roll was also, even without being soggy, mediocre and bland. And the mayo in the krab-mayo mix was yellow. Why, oh why?   Now I'll take credit where credit's due. I SHOULD have asked to repackage the stuff. But even without the soup disaster, which I did try to put aside, the food was bland, mediocre, and not very authentic.   All in all, a disaster. Maybe you'll have better luck eating in, but if the food was anything like what I took home that day just pass and go to L&L or Panda instead. You'll enjoy that more.
4 Husband and I stopped by for a quick early dinner. We were the only patrons, which I don't mind. The hostess was very nice and explained the menus. I ordered the bulgogi bento box and husband ordered two yellowtail rolls. The sushi was out within five minutes, followed closely by the bento box. The bento box was much larger than expected and the variety of items was good. Husband said the yellowtail had good flavor, just wasn't as cold as he prefers. Overall, great super fast little restaurant!
1 This is based on the ramen. It was very bland and literally tasted like noodles and water. I highly recommend not trying this. The waitress did tell me these were popular dishes, although being from So Cal with some bomb ramen places, this places completely disappoints. I may never eat here again based on this ramen.
5 Came to Bento Box Fresh Wasabi for lunch and the place was very clean and well appointed. The bento box specials are what attracted us to try the place, and they more then lived up to our expectations. We were pleasantly surprised to find our salmon teriyaki bento came with a full piece of salmon, and one of the better pieces of fish I have had. We also had two rolls which were also part of a lunch special - shrimp tempura and tootsie roll. I couldn't try any of the sushi since I am currently prego, but the rolls were great. For a little neighborhood spot, it is great and we will definitely be back for a lunch or casual night out. Great bang for the buck and good food.
4 Closed on Sundays.  This place has super friendly service.  I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and though it was good, the taste of bamboo shoots was strong.  The hubs had their spicy pork bento box and he enjoyed it very much.    We've been here a few times and the menu and restaurant layout has changed almost every time we've been there.  Hope this place is here to stay though.
4 Had the bulgogi bowl and it was pretty darn good. Vegetables were fresh, meat was flavorful and tender, and rice was well done.   This is the type of local place that deserves your business.
