5 This is a great place to eat! The sandwich maker was friendly and was very skilled at putting together my turkey and provolone sandwich. The gent that rang me up was courteous and thanked me for my business. The atmosphere is cool, fresh and clean. The sandwich and fresh baked oatmeal cookie was delicious! I highly recommend that you eat here.
5 Couldn't be more pleased with the food and service here. They're very friendly and really seem to go out of their way to take care of their customers. The sandwiches are great as well.
5 Had a wonderful experience at this location tonight. Family owned friendly place with fresh great sandwiches!! Highly recommended!
5 I very much enjoyed my sandwich. The service was excellent. They sliced the meat and even gave me samples as well. The bread is less chewie than subway. The prices are the same as subway. It is a family owned business so i choose to support that any day. Five stars on every level.
4 I saw a flag on the side of the road on the way home from work and since I was starving I decided to pull over.  It's off the road a but and I never would have known it was there except for the flag/banner. Being that it was after one in the afternoon the place wasn't busy at all.  I got my sandwich to go expecting stale bread.  I was very pleasantly surprised!  My roast beef and provolone on parmesan bread was very good!  I would give five stars but I think the location isn't located in a prime and memorable spot and while Yummmy so pricey for a sandwich!
2 It's hard to not compare a place like Blimpie to Subway because...well they serve the same thing. This was my first visit to a Blimpie and I was not at all impressed.   Food:  The sandwhich was not bad but it was not as good as a subway sandwich. Why can't I see what vegetables I want to add?? You have to ask me on every item? Gets annoying. It's hard to mess up a sandwich and in this situation they didn't.   Service:  The staff was friendly but there is only two customers in the store. I stood there for 10 minutes waiting to order while 1 guy was slicing meat and the other guy taking his time with the other customer. No bueno.   Environment:  This Blimpie is EMPTY.   Price:  Paid $9 for what looks to be smaller than a 6" sub with chips and a drink. Pretty pricey for what it is.   Food: 3 Service: 2 Environment: 2 Price: 2
5 Great sandwich and very friendly staff. I wish they sold Coke products. I think this retail center needs better signage
4 They have yummy subs at an affordable price. I do love their Italian bread, but got the sourdough this time. It was pretty thick and didn't compliment the sandwich like I was expecting. Communication at thus location leaves a but to be desired, but it isn't terrible.
