5 Delicious and healthy. Always fresh and a million options to choose from. AND breakfast served all day. Everyone leaves happy!
5 100 % Very good and healthy
5 Kept forgetting to try this place and I am so happy we finally did! They list calories and have wheat and white pita. A ton of different options as well. So delicious and amazing! I can't wait to come back .
3 So I had Pita Pit tonight for dinner and it was so-so. Its definitely a subway-esque fast food joint.  I got the chicken souvlaki and was really disappointed by the quality of the chicken, it very spongy and some pieces seemed discolored.  The vegetables tasted fresh though and the pita itself was good I just couldn't stomach that meat.  If for some reason I find myself back at Pita Pit I'd definitely go the veggie route.
5 Good healthy food and great service. Priced just right too. They also have a freestyle machine. The owner and staff are extremely friendly.
5 I usually dont give 5 stars.  I have been to Pita Pit on Maryland pkwy numerous times in the last 2 weeks.  The staff is always extremely nice, friendly and they go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience.  The place is also spotless not a spec anywhere.  Now on to the food.  You order what Pita you want and then you choose either white or wheat pita.  After that you can watch them cook your meat on the flat top .  Next you pick what you want to add and the list is endless.  I have to say i am partial to the Dagwood.  Awesome pita.  Also they are open to midnight on the weekends. Keep it up guys lovin your food.
5 First off, this place is SPOTLESS. Definitely the cleanest restaurant I've seen in a long time. The owner was there and let us use two coupons at once, score! You chose your meat, wheat or white pita, and a plethora of yummy toppings. The meat is cooked fresh right in front of you after you order. Food was delicious. I had a gyro and my husband had the Philly cheesesteak. The coolest part for me was the drink machine - they have one of those touch screen drink dispensers with about 100 different choices. Loved it. We definitely will be back.
5 So happy to finally have a Pita Pit in the area!! Friendly, quick service. Ingredients are always fresh and tasty. I always drive by and see hardly any cars, come on people you have to go to Pita Pit!! The falafel is my personal favorite, and who doesn't love the fun soda machine?
5 I live two blocks from this restaurant, and love the fact that they deliver! Vegas has very little option for food delivery unless you're willing to settle for pizza or chinese.......not the healthiest choices. Pita pit is amazing because it is so diverse, offering a ton of ways to customize your pita, and it's healthy and satisfying.
5 Great atmosphere. Delicious options. Quick service. Everything you need for a healthy quick bite to eat for lunch it dinner.
5 I had my first experience with Pita  Pit in Valencia CA and I was so excited to see that we had one in Vegas.  The staff at the Silverado Ranch shop are very friendly and the pitas are just so fresh and delicious!  The set up is similar to Subway but the main difference is that you get a hot pita with so much more meat.  In addition to Subway's selection of veggies, they also have artichoke hearts, corn, a bigger selection of cheese and 2 different types of lettuce to choose from (I love romaine) and much much more.  Great selection of sauces too. Yummy!
2 Jeesh, does anywhere deliver after 9p on a Saturday night in Las Vegas? I was visiting a girlfriend, we didn't want pizza or Chinese, so our options were limited. We Yelp-ed and finally stumbled upon the Pita Pit at 9:15. The website said that they delivered until 10p, so we thought we were all set.  Ordering online was a real process- it seems as though they have a few different websites and not all of them lead to online orders. After 10 very frustrating minutes trying to navigate them online, we finally called the store, who told us that they didn't take telephone orders, only online ones.   Ok, back to the website! We FINALLY got to the right one, placed our order, entered all of the information, and clicked "complete my order" at 9:38, only to get an error message saying that they were no longer taking orders for delivery. What?!?! It isn't 10pm yet!!  We called Pita Pit and a very nice employee named Paul apologized for the glitch and said that was an issue that someone else had reported- the website cutting off orders before 10p. He took our order over the telephone and said that he would make sure we got our food and look into the website issue.  Our order arrived shortly, and we were starving. My friend got the Chicken Slouvakki (sp), and I got the Chicken Crave. We also got an order of pita and hummus to share. The pita was just average. Barely warm and kind of tough. The worst for me was my Chicken Crave. It was FULL of onions- the first bite I took was ALL onion! I definitely didn't expect that. I ended up having to unwrap it and try to pick out some of the onions because they were so overwhelming. It also didn't have much sauce on it, so it was a bit dry.  Between the headache ordering and the extra oniony pita.. I don't know if I'm inclined to try Pita Pit again.
5 I just tried this place on saturday. I already returned back on monday. Lol. This place has really good soft pitas that are steamed to perfection.  The toppings are fresh. The chicken meat was awesome. Did I mention....There guacamole is the bomb. Plus add artichoke! ! Needless to say. Don't forget your rewards card. I went only twice. Next time I go I get a free pita!! fist bump!! The customer service was polite. Props to the pita family.  My son and I enjoyed it very much!!
5 The food was great. You can customize your pita with lots of toppings including guacamole, roasted peppers, artichokes, and lots more (at no extra charge). I will definitely be back!
4 Used them quite a few time for delivery. Great selection of sandwiches and pretty decent smoothies. The price is also fairly decent for what you get. The biggest perk of this place to me is delivery service as its typically our first choice when ordering out. I would recommend them.
5 Love this place for a quick and healthy lunch. Their ingredients always look nice and fresh. My fav is the spicy black bean pita. I probably come here about twice a week before work. Definitely give this place a try.
5 Attentive and warm staff, great selection of healthy pitas and dairy free options on their delicious smoothies without breaking the bank - Pita Pit just knocked Subway off the sandwich throne.
4 I've been going to Pita Pit since I was a kid in SD and a weekly regular in college in Sacramento so to finally see this in Vegas makes me so excited. The chicken crave is my go to pita and was delicious as always. Service lacked a little, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.
