5 Wow the store has loads of departments!  Atrs and crafts, wall decor, storage, cake decorating, home decorating, home decors, kids toys, cushions and and the list goes on.  I went on it's opening day so the car parked was hysterically busy but managed to find a space and it didn't take me over 5 mins.  The wholes that appear whilst Big W was there have been filled in thankfully.  This sore is huge but manage to get around fine although it was insanely busy but not problem at all.  I seemed to answer two questions to fellow customers that I could answer - bizarre but hey!  One was about pens that i had used before and they were for rendering (fashion, interiors, exteriors etc)  and the other one answer was a stool i found in ikea and me and this women needed one because we are too small to reach the top shelves in our kitchen ha ha.  I found a cake decorating aile, oh man perfecto!  As some of you know I own a cake business so hence I lile these things so so just had a looooong look at the products that were on offer.  Service was very quick, friendly and efficient and the queues eased off because of this.  Happy days!
5 This place is awesome. I think it might actually LITERALLY have everything!  It is basically a huge warehouse full of everything and broken up into sections; Christmas, storage, crafts, bedding, kitchen, sofas, etc.  It is fairly cheap and cheerful so I would go there expecting to find something that will last you for years but if you're moving house or need a few bits and bobs then this is definitely somewhere you should consider for your first port of call.  They even sell fake stuffed reindeer heads and cuddle chairs!
5 First time I've been in The Range and was kind of expecting a half baked version of Homebase but I was very impressed with the size of the store, the product range was awesome and I expect if you can't find it here then you wont find it anywhere.  I found their unbranded products to be of high quality and snapped up their semi-synthetic engine oil for only £4.99 for a 1 litre bottle.I also tried their own brand duck tape to secure a repair to my car aerial and this has worked a treat proving to be water proof as described.  The out of town location meant parking was cheap and easy. The store was well heated so shopping is pleasant whereas some B&Q stores are on the chilly side. Overall with such a wide product range, pleasant environment and friendly staff I would have no hesitation in recommending this store.
