5 Good variety ! The owners are very pleasant and the sonoran dog was great .can't wait to try all the dogs.salsa is great as well.Green chili dog is my next item I'm going to try.
5 Stumbled into this little mom and pop shop and BOY oh BOY were we glad we did. The owner was SO friendly and answered all our questions. My husband ordered a hotdog (he forgot the name - it had slaw and thousand island dressing on it)  he LOVED IT!!!! The bread was so soft and delish. The owner of Hometown dogs also won a competition for her salsa and gave our group a sample and OH MY GOODNESS, we were in HEAVEN!!!!!!!  If you're looking for a dog at decent prices and you want your taste buds to be AWAKEN, then you MUST stop here!!!!!!!  I highly recommend Hometown Dogs!!!! Can't wait to come again when we visit Fountain Hills!
5 We stumbled upon this place during one of the festival of the arts.  The atmosphere is quaint, very friendly, and has a nice down-home feel to it.  The hot dogs are the best, with a wide variety of toppings (try the Nana Tee dog), but if you like bratwurst, I highly recommend it.  We also tried Nana Tee's salsa, of which I was curious, having numerous awards displayed, but I'd have to say those awards were well deserved.  I will be coming back for some more.
5 We were shocked at how good these dogs were! I had the ny dog and my husband had the Sonoran dog. The salsa was made fresh for that one. The sauerkraut on the by dog was rough chopped and amazing. A must try if you're in the area. Service was super friendly as well! We enjoyed ourselves at this quaint little place
1 worse service ever if you wanna pay high prices for frys dogs eat here. even the frys brand dogs taste better looking to eat here please use caution not family friendly half the people look like they are on drugs half the time smells like it in the shop please avoid this spot youll get better service and food at mcdonalds
5 Great little mom and pop shop. Service was outstanding as they clearly enjoy all the business they receive. The potato salad was seriously awesome, clearly homemade. I got the nacho chili dog and it was delicious.   My wife got the philly with homemade pasta salad, both really good. If we lived in the area I'd definitely support this place on a weekly basis. Highly recommended for a quick delicious lunch.
5 Just took a casual day trip up to Fountain Hills and stumbled on Hometown Dogs. WOW!  I am a Matlock when it comes to hot dogs and my girlfriend is just so so on hot dogs.  Well even she loved her Philly dog.  I had the Chicago, which I can never pass up, even though they had a Detroit dog and that's where I'm from!  Love those Chicago Dogs.  I also only eat Vienna Hot Dogs.  Well the brand they use is fabulous.  I was very pleased.  Also got a sample of the award winning salsa - excellent.  The Hot Dogs are over sized and the trimmings are just perfect.  Definitely recommend this place.
5 happened to be in Fountain Hills today stumbled onto this little mom and pop shop  WOW! This place is amazing! I tried their newest hot dog "The Carolina" and some chips and salsa, they have a bunch if trophies, and with good reason, I have NEVER had salsa before today! Ok I have but this salsa is the best I have EVER had, and the hot dog was outstanding it had homemade Mac n cheese, pork n beans bacon and homemade Cole slaw the hot dog was grilled to perfection and the bun steamed just right.  You gotta try thus place I will drive out here again just because of this place!
5 Fabulous food, friendly people. We live in Fountain Hills and have been here twice.  This time had the "Carolina" dog, the special of the day - quality jumbo dog, quality roll, homemade coleslaw, homemade Mac and cheese, baked beans and bacon. Delish!!!  We'll be back again for sure.
1 Back again! since i work around the corner thought i would give it another try, but still experienced the same horrible service as before.  The hotdogs still taste like frys brand tried the new carolina special its not worth $5.99 bag of chips is .25 cents toppings were horrible.  Still can get better hotdogs at sonic. the mac and cheese tastes like knock of kraft brand nasty cole slaw (could make you sick beware) everything here is frys bought nothing here that you cant make at home for less than 5 dollars. save your time and money just go to sonic or just buy the stuff at frys
5 This place is the best!! I don't know what hotdog place Robert M is going too but he must be mistaken. Especially because the pricing he gave is completely wrong for a Carolina dog. Every single one of my friends and family who have eaten here absolutely love it and they have the best gourmet hotdogs I've ever had. They also will work with you on what you want. They are super friendly and kind. Best salsa ever too!! They have lots of awards and have won a ton of contests for this salsa. The shop is just great from taste to their quality to their customer service. You feel like a part of the family when you've left the shop because they are so wonderful and they converse with you a lot. They are excellent in every way. I've been here a lot and will continue to come here whenever I want some delicious hot dogs!! Mmm!
