5 I found my new waxing place! Clean (which is important!) friendly staff! 100% satisfied with my braziallian. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Krys, my waxing lady was awesome!
5 Home of the $30 Brazilian, can't beat that. Prices are great on all the services. With my Brazilian I also got a choice of free lip or chin wax, which is always needed ;) Alana was my waxer and I'm definitely coming back to see her again. Loved the girls, everyone is so friendly
5 Went there to take care of the annoying hair on my back. Place was clean, service was quick and efficient, the person who took care of me was pleasant and skilled, Nobody was pushy and I felt very welcome and relaxed the whole time. This is a great little place. I'll be back!
5 I just came to the body waxing studio because I saw their ad on groupon for a $17 Brazilian which is a price you can't beat at all!!! Rose(the owner) is extremely nice. This was my first time ever waxing down there and I was very anxious/nervous. My waxer Kris made me feel so comfortable & relaxed. Half the time I forgot she was even near my private area. She truly made my first time wonderful! I will now recommend this place to my friends. I will most defiantly be back!
5 Great deal made me feel real comfortable and I will definitely be coming back here again and again.
5 What a great find this place is! I used to get my eyebrows waxed religiously until my esthetician moved. I didn't want to go to some expensive, snobby spa, but didn't trust the back room of my nail place either. Manicures are one thing, but hot wax on my face is another! I happened to stop in a nearby business yesterday and noticed this little gem, so I went in today to try it out and I'm so glad I did! Kris did a fantastic job on my brows. She was very nice and funny, and you can tell she really cares about doing a thorough job. She plucked and trimmed along with using the wax to make sure my brows were shaped perfectly. The price is more than reasonable too! I'll definitely be back!
5 Went there today for a Brazillian... my lady was krys definitely made an impression very gentle and meticulous .. will definitely come back
5 Hands down BEST Brazilian I've had since living in Las Vegas! Definitely my new favorite waxing place to go- thanks again!(:
5 First time ever getting waxed, the employee was not only amazingly helpful but also extremely fun. Definitely helped out with mine and my friends experience, the pricing is great too, the original cost for the brazilian was 30 dollars but since it was our first time it only cost 20! AWESOME service!
5 I have been wanting to get a brazilian for a while now but so nervous of the pain. Well it wasn't the worst feeling I've ever had and the fact that they offer free yes free numbing cream made it an ez decision! Krys was great like everyone else said she made me feel comfortable and explained the whole process and after the initial minute u forget that your naked from the waist down lol. I will be back in 4-5 weeks.  Definitely be telling all my friends!
5 Never have I been so comfortable getting a Brazilian wax. For a great price too! I would recommend to EVERYONE.
5 This place is amazing. I got my first Brazilian here by Krys. And all I could say is that she is so welcoming and makes your feel comfortable. Brazilians can be very awkward and scary but Krys made my first time amazing.   Although I had to come back a week later for a touch up because there were left patches. But she fixed them!    I can't wait to go back for my next one!
5 FINALLY found a place to be waxed!  Been in Vegas 9 months and have been shopping around trying to find a place I'd be comfortable at. Not a lot of waxing places use hard wax. SO little pain. Thankful for you YELPERS and your reviews. I may not have found this little gem without it!  Sam was great and I'll be back to see her soon!
5 So a girlfriend of mine from Florida came to visit and was complaining about for "Hello Kitty" being furrier than she normal likes it. She asked if I knew of a good place to go for a Brazilian. I had no clue bc I just moved from Connecticut couple months back. I always rely on Yelp for many things nowadays so I Yelped and called the first place on the list.. And EUREKA!!!.... We hit the jackpot. :D $20 Brazilian for first time clients!!! Amazing deal and when we got there, we were greeted promptly, had to wait a little bc we didn't make an appt ahead of time. In the meantime, we were told about all the great packages and savings, filled out a health form type deal(BTW totally impressed with that. Health and cleanliness is so important in this business). Oh and about the wait it was also only bc it was Memorial Day. Samantha did an amazing job with the waxing. She was thorough, friendly, professional, made it as painless as possible(THANK YOU Samantha for holding down on the wax spot after... It does make a HUGE difference!!!). After I was done I had a nice long talk with Rose(owner) about her business and passion for this line of work. It is truly so nice to see people that have such great joy in what they do. It really does show through their work and enhances the customer's experience tremendously. If you want a great deal, unbeatable prices and to find a "wax home" for your little kitty too. THIS IS THE PLACE.   Btw my friend couldn't stop raving about the quality of work.  Here I am yapping about my kitty and forgot to tell you about my friend's.She loves this place just as much as me.  :)
5 Thanks to my fellow yelpers I found my new waxing home! Went in today and got the works brazilian, eyebrow, lip wax and a microderm mini facial all for $45 ! Krys did an amazing job she was very meticulous and took her time ! All in all I'd give this place 10 stars the other 5 for cleanliness! Thank you Krys you made my day see you soon!
5 I have to come back here again. I've gone to this place for a Brazilian wax twice already. But then, I missed my third appointment because I was going out of town for a few weeks. I came back and tried another place for a Brazilian. BIG MISTAKE.  The other place doesn't do the quality wax like they do here at The Body Waxing studio. They also weren't as welcoming, and gave me such a hard time before I was able to get an appointment. It took me at least two days and so many phone calls before we came to a good appointment date. I can't immediately go back to The Body Waxing Studio now too, because my wax over at the other place was such a bad job. My pores were irritated, and just badly waxed.  I can't wait to go back to The Body Waxing Studio and I know Krys will do a good Brazilian wax. Never going to try any other place again. This place is tried and tested, and gives me better results.
5 I had a horrible experience for my first Brazilian at ANOTHER location. I read the reviews here and decided to try it out. I am now a customer, I will not go anywhere else. Spread the word so we can keep them in business!
5 I went with my girlfriend who was getting a microdermabrasion.  While I was there I decided to have my first waxing done on my back.  They were very nice which put me at ease.  It was very simple and was easier than I thought.  I will be going back to have more waxing done and the prices are very reasonable .  Kudos to the crew that works there .
5 After many ill experiences, through the dry cleaners next door,  I stumbled upon this shop called The Body Waxing Studio at 2550 Windmill Ln, which has been a blessing to my life.  I suffer from a skin condition, so I walked in.  They had a flyer for a  Microdermabrasion for $30.00. I actually looked behind my shoulder because I thought I was on candid camera, for such a ridiculous low price. Much to my surprise, Rose at the front counter was so professional, she made me feel like I was part of her family. Every time I went in there it was like being on an episode of "Cheers, "Where everybody knows your name."    Krys was my esthetician.  I did not expect much for $30.00, but Krys did a better job than any other esthetician in town.  I was so surprised by the level of her professionalism and expertise in matters of the skin.  I now go once a week because Krys and Rose are so fantastic on helping me finding a cure for my cause, with no judgement.  Then I come to find out, that the "outrageous" price of $30.00 of microdermabrasion, was even cheaper.  It is actually 2 for 1 all summer long! :-)  (I HEART YOU BODY WAXING STUDIO)   Kimber Verlaan
