4 Finally, a much needed alternative eatery in the growing Downtown area for a causal breakfast or lunch. The feel is refreshing, welcomed natural lighting, comfortable and conversational, similar to a walk up cafe you would find in larger cities. The menu fresh, distinct and elevated comfort food. Can't wait for a Sunday brunch there hopefully soon!
5 What a great place. Location was great and parking was a breeze. MTO is attached to the city parking garage so looking for a spot isn't a problem. Also, the parking is cheap ($3 for our 2+ hour visit). But let's talk about the real stuff here....the food...  The menu isn't huge, but the variety is. While that might make you think the choices would be easy, they are not. EVERYTHING looked good. I ordered the bacon pancake dippers and my wife had the Skuna Bay salmon omelet. Both were out of this world. The omelets can all be ordered as wraps or skillets so the "not huge" menu will force you to make difficult choices (guess we will have to return). Oh, and the peppercorn syrup that came with the dippers was so unique that I wish they sold it so I could use it at home.  We were there with other friends and their choices were all delicious as well.   Here's a tip....if you are there in the morning and there is even the slightest chill in the air, sit at the rather large (14 person) community table with your back to the window and the sun beaming in on your back makes your comfort food meal that much more comfy. This will be my new brunch spot for sure.
5 Here we go, breakfast with two kids... Not always an easy task so we have to make sure to scout it out beforehand. Easy parking, check. No stroller needed, phew. However, I am sure it would be more than welcome. Kid menu, check. In fact, it's super cute! While most parents pull out the iPhone or iPad during a meal, MTO Cafe offers up a fresh alternative - an etch-a-sketch, love it! Kid-friendly, check. Not only is the menu important, but so is the atmosphere. Overall family approval, five stars.  Not only is it kid-friendly, but I will most certainly check-in and hook up in between downtown meetings. With individual charging stations at each booth, free Wifi and a fun, inspiring ambiance you will find me here, hooked up on a regular basis.  Parking and location is a breeze, located just below a public parking garage so it couldn't get much easier. I am sure that the landscape will change during the week - business people and those looking for a to-go option.  One thing I LOVE - the outdoor dining, one thing that Vegas is missing. For this alone, I will return. The food was AMAZING! Honestly, I am not a huge comfort food gal so I went with the avocado omelet and am so glad that I did. However, I found myself devouring the mash potato, stuffed hash browns... a must! Chef has perfected the french onion soup according to my husband (he was french trained we later learned, so why not give it a try). The littles appreciated the smiley face ketchup that accompanied the grilled cheese and baby boy loved the vegan coconut, carrot pancake - even though he can't talk, I'm pretty sure that lack of anything left is a sure sign.  With the restaurant just opening there were a couple things not available so we will be sure to visit in the coming weeks to give those a try as well. Until then...
3 MTO Cafe just opened at 1:00pm on Oct. 22nd so the timing of the 1st three reviews are a little suspicious. The cafe is on the smaller side, but well designed and welcoming. I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon wrap, which was not what I expected. The wrap had eggs in it, which were not listed in the description, and I do not like salmon and eggs cooked together. I was expecting something more like a wrap version of lox and bagels. Aside from that fact, I think other people would like this combination. For a $12 wrap, I would have expected it to include chips or fries, but it didn't so I also ordered a side of fries... which where unseasoned and "floppy".   Overall, it's nice to have another dining option downtown, but I think MTO Cafe is a little on the pricey side for breakfast and lunch offerings. It will be interesting to see how they do over time.
3 Promptly seated and served by an engaged Wait Staff. High marks.  Ordered the Hen House Wrap w/side order of fries. A moment of humor, when the person who took my order asked if I wanted the wrap as an omelet or a wrap. Hey, it was busy, and he was trying hard.  The wrap was good. It would have been better, if it had more chicken. There wasn't much chicken on a wrap that sells for $14. There was supposed to be a sliced tomato according to the person who took my order, but sadly, not.  I chalk up the "problems" as start-up-iris. I'm certain things will be better soon.
5 An oasis of tastiness in downtown Vegas!  Easy to find and park as the parking garage is right above it and cheap at $3.  PLus it is an easy walk to the Smith Center.    The menu is seemingly small but confounding as there are so many yummy dishes.  They just opened but I have been there twice.    I loved the Chicken and Waffles, which I've never tried before and they have killer omelettes and pancakes.  Then there's the Fat Elvis.  French Toast with bacon, peanut butter, nutella and bananas.  So good.  The hash browns had me going until I realized they were crispy on the outside and stuffed with mashed potatoes inside.  Wow.  Definitely a must stop-by when dealing with anything downtown.  Or just because you want to check out the evolving scene...
5 I tried MTO Café on my last trip to Vegas and I was really surprised such a great restaurant opened up downtown. The food is amazing. I had the 1/2 Iceberg wedge salad and Mac N Cheese, my husband had the Thanksgiving Burger. All were outstanding. I love that parking at the Café is so easy being located my a large parking garage. The wait staff was new of course but friendly and efficient. Also - they serve Kool-Aid!!!
2 I came to MTO Cafe the second day it had opened. Like Bonnie C., I too am confused how there are reviews about the place before it had opened. The reviewers don't mention a soft-opening....  Anywho, I must say that I was very excited to check the place out, since another place to eat lunch downtown is always welcome. But in this case I have to say I left a little sad.   I had checked out their menu before heading over and had my eye on a couple of items. We were promptly seated and brought our drinks and while my friend perused the menu I checked out the décor. The place looks great, with nice big windows and a 50's diner meets modern bistro vibe. I ordered the Queso Carne, per the menu is skirt steak, velveeta cheese and red wine drunken onions. The waitress said it was a wrap. My friend ordered the Tree Hugger, with quinoa and veggies. The waitress asked my friend if he wanted any sides and my friend said no. When she brought out his dish we saw that it LITERALLY was just the quinoa patty. No bread, no sides. What?!? Granted, she did ask if he wanted a side, but if she had specified how diminutive the dish was he might've ordered something else. My dish came on a hamburger bun (which was really good, btw) not a wrap as the waitress had said. It had fries with it, which were fresh and tasty, although the menu did not specify it came with fries.   I think there should be a bit of consistency on the menu, how can some dishes come with a side and others don't? My burger was ok, the meat wasn't really skirt steak, and it was more like little cubes of meat. I think our meals were overpriced. We left feeling a bit deflated.   I will be back to give them another try for their breakfast because I've seen pictures of the dishes and they look larger than the lunch dishes.
5 I have now been twice in the last week.  Once for breakfast and once for brunch.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!   Easy to find, easy parking, unique and delicious food options  (Avocado Omelet was awesome and the fried apple ring concoction is not to be missed....tastes like fried beignet dough over an apple ring!), cute space.  Great coffee and also great big coffee cup (which is important).  All employees were grateful for my business and I felt very welcome.  They even have a limited liquor license for I think beer and wine, which can add to the ambiance when you are deciding on a brunch spot.   I definitely will be back and I love this addition to the emerging downtown scene.
5 I'm glad a place like this has opened in Downtown area, loved the atmosphere and my quinoa dish was excellent! colorful and yummy. When I saw the servers passing by with other dishes I knew I had to try more from the menu, I guess vegan pancakes will be next, I'm definitely returning.
5 Had the hangover burger... the best burger I've had in a long time.  Cooked to perfection. The dressing on the little side salad is haunting me. DELISH!
5 This is a really cool new place.  My wife, 4 yr old daughter along with two friends hit it up this morning after  charity walk at Fremont St.  We were seated immediately, brought our drinks and promptly ordered.   All five of us ordered something different, and everything was fantastic. I had the Chili Omlette, it was great. Wife had Dunkin Pancakes (I think that is what they were called) and she enjoyed them. Our daughter ordered the Apple doughnuts and they were amazing! Can't recall what the friends ordered but they both had nice things to say.  It was a tad pricey ($75 for 4 plus child) but I will return.  The entire menu was loaded with stuff. I would like to try.
5 My two girlfriends and I chose MTO as our newest discovery (as part of our irregularly scheduled brunches together). We were pleasantly surprised by the modern and warm decor. The staff was very pleasant, friendly, and efficient. We all loved the over sized coffee/tea cups. The menu choices were awesome. I had the MTO breakfast with 3 eggs and different meats, and their amazing hash browns. I'm not one to eat sausage, but when I took a bite of the homemade chicken sausage, I was blown away at how nicely flavored and fresh it tasted. The turkey bacon was one of the best I've had. My girlfriend had the lemon poppy seed pancakes with fresh blueberry compote. Her words were, "wow, these are like a party in your mouth, they're so good." Of course, I had to try them & they were amazing! The blueberries were the best flavored and fresh tasting. My other friend had the chicken skillet and raved about the fresh tomatoes and perfectly blended flavors.  When we were finished, the owner came over and spoke to us for a while. He shared that they get their produce from a farm in northern California - all no pesticides. They don't keep a freezer on the property because all of their food is fresh & free of all the "bad stuff." We could tell, because it was a two-thumbs up, five star place! I'll recommend this to other friends and will definitely return.
2 I checked this place out with a business client of mine the other day after seeing the various yelp reviews about it. The interior design is very cool inside and welcoming. Staff is friendly and engaging. They have outlets at the booths that are convenient for laptops and getting work done.  Food: My friend had the MTO breakfast platter. According to him it was good. Bacon was cooked perfectly. Although for the price, I was expecting a larger portion size. I got the chicken in a waffle dish. It was good, but I wasn't in love with it. Once again price was a little steep for what you get. There's a lot of great breakfast places in town where the food is spectacular, the portions are large, and the price is cheaper.   On a side note there Mashed potato Hash browns are really really good and unique. Unfortunately I found a piece of hair in them......... Being the person that I am I didn't say anything to the waitress as I could tell she was new and didn't want to give her a rough time.  Overall, place is nice, food is a little over priced. Food quality not bad.  Idk if I would come back here again.
5 Great decor and cute signage for the restrooms. Love the plate glass storefront that looks out on Main Street and City Hall. You can also dine al fresco. The food, I had the MTO breakfast which had 4 different breakfast, toast, 3 eggs and those very good hash browns you're going to hear about. Everything was cooked perfectly. The chicken sausage was my favorite. My dining partner had the salmon burger. Two highlights - homemade pickles on top and they really treat that salmon filet nicely. Highly recommend. For dessert, we had the suggested fried apple slices. Seriously fresh and delish! High points for really happy and competent waitstaff. I recommend this place and I plan on returning.
5 Great new downtown breakfast/brunch/lunch place. We ordered two different "skillets" which are basically scrambles. The one with tomatillo salsa is divine. We also had the mashed potato stuffed hash browns- loved those! We met Ben, the congenial owner, who insisted we try the fried apple rings- they were excellent. Great service, very nice interior and exterior. My kids loved the etch-a-sketch menus. My husband didn't love the shallow, wide coffee cups (coffee got cold quickly) but the coffee itself was good.  MTO Cafe is a great addition to downtown Las Vegas. We're looking forward to going back and trying many more items on the menu.
5 Not enough good things to say about this place. So happy to know that downtown Vegas has places like this to just come and enjoy a nice Sunday brunch, casual breakfast or a weekday lunch. Food. Well. AMAZING. I felt like the "needy" client because I ordered several things from the menu and they graciously helped me with my order.  The server, her name is ERIN by the way. Not only a beautiful girl but so pleasant and sweet. It made the experience even more incredible.  Perhaps one of my favorite places in town. It is definitely A MUST CHECK OUT!.  One extra pointer. Please try the hang over burger. Out of this world!
1 Went here for lunch with some coworkers.  We were excited to something new Downtown.  I ordered the Hen House, it was a decent size but unfortunately it had no flavor, so I only ended up eating less than half of it.  My coworker ordered the Grilled Cheese and she absolutely hated it.  It was SO SMALL, it looked like croutons. It came with a "salad" which were some mixed greens on the plate, no dressing nada. My other coworker had the Chicken in a Waffle and she really liked it.  The place is very nice and the staff are amazing so I was sad that my meal was so disappointing.  Also, a bit pricey for what you get.  I know they have not been open long so hopefully things will improve!
5 What a great morning we had. We decided to support a friend and her new adventure at MTO cafe. When we arrived we were greeted in the most friendly manner. The staff here is amazing, our waitress was very friendly and her food knowledge was tremendous. There were five of us so we decided to try many dishes. Started of course by the ladies having bottomless mimosas. Food, yes we had food. I had the 3 egg with meat breakfast. The meat was as follows. Bacon, turkey sausage, turkey bacon, AND spam. That is right I said AND not OR. I guess AND is better. The other folks atheist table ordered many more blends of food. I will start with "The fat Elvis". A French toast sandwich with bananas, Nutella and bacon. This was very tasty and very rich in flavor a salty, sweet. Masterpiece. Harry's Berries, waffles with this delightful mix of Berries on the top, the waffle was light and was not too filling. Lemon poppy seed pancakes also with a fruit medley on top and a fruit compote drizzled over the top. Light and flavorful mix, the lemon not too overpowering. Chicken in a waffle, chicken fried chicken inside a waffle sandwich covered in chicken gravy. Chicken was moist, and the waffle light and airy. The gravy on top was definitely home made and filled with flavor. Smoked salmon omelet. This omelet has pieces of salmon and cream cheese soaked into the middle. Eggs were fluffy and the smokey flavor of the salmon with the combination of the cream cheese was like lochs and cream cheese in an egg dish. Amazing. What is a meal without desert. Yes we had desert, recommended by one of the owners. Forgive me for forgetting his name. We had Mini Donuts and Fried Apple Ring. The donuts were coated in powdered sugar and drizzled in honey grown over the hump in Pahrump. Very tasty, but over powered by the fact we still had the fried apple rings. These fried apple rings were awesome. A cut Granny Smith deep fried and served with a cinnamon sugar sauce that we could not get enough of.   We will be back to this new Gem of downtown. The staff was very attentive, our drinks were never empty. Always a plus with me. The menu is simple one page of choices. They are open for breakfast and lunch. We cannot wait to try the burgers and wraps. Some breakfast items can be had as a wrap as well.   Please check this out you will not be disappointed.
4 Ate here for brunch, got 'The MTO Breakfast'.  What a lot of meat!  My goodness.. I appreciated the variety but wasn't a huge fan of either the sausages or the turkey bacon.  Regular bacon and spam were of course yummy.  My eggs were cooked as I asked, no complaints there.. so why 4 stars instead of A-OK? The best part of this breakfast was the Mash Browns.. I don't know what that smushy stuff was on them but it was delicious!  Also the sourdough that came with breakfast was just perfect.  Good coffee too - this is definitely a nice brunch spot - worth a trip outside the strip to try something different..
4 Great Breakfast, Friendly Staff.  3 of us went for breakfast and had a pancake stack, chicken and waffles and the egg white omelet with la carte hash browns.  Everyone thought the food was great but $51.00 for the breakfast mentioned above plus coffee and iced tea is a little steep for breakfast. Add to that parking fees and gratuity and you have strip prices for a very good downtown breakfast.
4 Had brunch here on Sunday- great food, Great service and great atmosphere. I met 2 friends and everything we had to eat was tasty.  One of the owners, Ben, came by to make sure everything was ok- a nice touch.   I'm looking forward to dining there again soon.
5 came in  for  breakfast  with my family  of  four  on  Sunday the 17th  not  only  were  we  seated  promptly  but my  kids  loved  the etch- a- scetch  that  they got  to play  with while waiting  on food,  so much so  that they now  have that on  there xmas  lists.  food  was melt in your  mouth  good, I  got  the  chicken in  waffle  and a  side  of  sausage, my son  got  the  crustless pb&j,  my daughter  got Mickey mouse  pancakes,  and my boyfriend  got a  skillet!  our  table  was so quite after the food  showed  up  cause we were  too busy eating,  which  can be a  challenged  with kids sometimes  as all  parents  know  to well  :)service  was attentive  without  being  too  attentive, and super  friendly.  you  can tell  the staff  really  are  as happy to be there as  the customers.  this  quickly  has become  our  new found  Sunday spot!
4 Been hearing about MTO for a bit. I found out about it at the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market. At this point, I really prefer to go places where I know they are getting good ingredients. This was recommended by the folks who work at the market, and they told me they were buying a lot of their ingredients there, sooooo.... I finally got there, they had an etch a sketch for my 2 year old son to play with, and we ordered the bacon (excellent), the fries with gravy (very good), the hash browns (awesome!), an onion soup (tasted like it was made today, fantastic), and the caesar salad and strawberry fields salad with chicken. The Caesar was good, maybe not great. The Strawberry Fields salad was amazing, the arugula, the strawberries, the balsamic dressing! Magnifique! Also we tried the walnut tossies, mini pecan pie like cookies, yum. I will be back, and they may even deliver to where I live!
3 Great place, comfortable atmosphere. Everything looked great but I was unfortunate enough to order the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. A great example of everything that can go wrong with vegan cooking: gooey, dense and overly sweet to cover up the extra baking powder. Basically a flat ball of dough on a plate with nothing else on the side. I really don't want to be hard on the place but of all vegan things, vegan pancakes are probably the one thing you shouldn't have an issue making ;)
4 Had the treehugger sandwich. The quinoa bun had a nice time toasted flavor. Very attentive staff.
5 Great food, super staff, a pleasant environment--5 stars all the way.  After an appointment, I came here to have breakfast.  I had looked at the menu online and read other reviews and I was all set to get something more on the healthy side.  When Ashley came to take my order, I opened my mouth and out came, "Didn't I read that you had some kind of Elvis breakfast?"  Folks, don't be confused like I was.  There it is, hiding in the sandwiches and not under the breakfast section of the menu.  Ashley showed me where it was and that's what I ordered.  Peanut butter is healthy, no?  Breakfast consisted of two slices of French toast with bananas, bacon, peanut butter, and Nutella inside--something from each of the five food groups so I deemed it healthy!  Before ordering, I was brought a very large cup of coffee.  You almost need to use both hands to pick it up and it was refilled quickly when I needed the push to be able to do stupid things faster.  My breakfast was brought and it was delicious!  I think Elvis would be pleased that he's being remembered with some good food like this.  All the staff at MTO was outstanding.  One of the bus persons asked me how my breakfast was as he removed my plate.  When I said, "Excellent," he replied with a, "That's what we like to hear," and a big smile.  I chatted with another staff member about restaurants in Los Angeles and he gave me a tip about a place to go in San Gabriel.    I have to come back and get the pancakes with carrots and coconut.  It looks too good not to try!
5 Delicious food. Hangover burger, chicken and waffles and especially the queso carne. Fries with gravy were great. Love the comfort food here.
5 Amazing food!!! I had the Queso Carne and it is the best hangover cure. Great service and it's a trendy spot for DTLV.
5 Damn, MTO is delicious and everyone here is so nice. The food was fresh and plentiful and the owner, Ben, is incredibly nice and gracious. Our server was very attentive and the place is very very nice. Highly recommended. Oh. And try the Crabbies ginger beer.
5 Even better than the last time. I went with one of my dearest friends and let me tell you. This woman is THE MOST COMPLICATED PERSON I HAVE EVER KNOWN and the waitress was stellar. Food always awesome. Definitely try the apple pies. Make some room at the end of the meal. You won't regret it.
3 Overall this was a good breakfast with a descent menu selection. Word to the wise, share a plate. I ordered the MTO breakfast and ended up waisting half of it. I HATE WASTING FOOD!!!! but whats a man to do with breakfast food hanging out in his car all day?the eggs were good and the bacon was perfect. There was was this other rectangular looking meat thing tat was super salty and not that great to taste. It also lost a star for not validating parking. It doesn't have it own parking and, is instead, connected to a parking structure. It was only $3 bucks, but who wants to pay to park for a restaurant?
5 Great food. I love the innovative decor, menu and ideas - like etch a sketch kids menus and electric delivery bikes.
4 MTO Cafe: Made To Order. This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli. I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.   I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.   Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there.
4 I'm a breakfast guy... and after my favorite breakfast place in town took a big hit on Dirty Dining and got a "C" rating, I was looking for an alternative. When my wife read an article on this place she said I should check it out. I'm glad she did.  My first issue was trying to find parking that was free. It was early on a Sunday morning but the only free spots on the street (still a block from the restaurant) were all taken. MTO is conveniently situated in the bottom floor of a park garage, but inconveniently it cost $3.00.   I got there right at 8:00am and it was pretty much just me and the staff.  I was greeted very nicely and my server was very attentive.  I wanted the Poppy Seed pancakes but also wanted some eggs, sausage and potatoes, Everything is a bit pricey, My bill with coffee (good coffee) for just me was $29 and change!  Add in the tip and parking and it was almost $40 for just me!  I think it is the most I have ever paid for a breakfast, and I have had breakfasts is some great places.  I did get the MTO breakfast that came with assorted meats... (more than I expected or wanted) and the pancakes(3) were big and pretty good.  I am a big guy with a hearty morning appetite but I took half the meat and half the pancakes home and had them the next morning.  It was a very good breakfast, but I don't know I will be back.  The parking cost was a surprise.  (The waitress said they are working with the city to be able to validate).The coffee machine (I think it was) made a terrible shrieking noise every five minutes or so (like crying cats standing off against one another)  that went on much longer than my early morning brain was ready for.    I like good heavy, hearty, crusty European style breads (La Brea Bakery style) and they offered only light weight fluffy types (Wonder bread was actually a menu option!). I ordered whole wheat, (which was thick sliced but also light and fluffy) which I barely touched (I had the pancakes).  I think there are better breakfast placed for much less... and they have free parking.
5 OMG. People! If you haven't been to this GEM of a restaurant yet, you are missing out. It's my new favorite spot. They opened up downtown only two months ago and I've already eaten there (or from there) like 8 times. And if you know me, that's pretty impressive.   First off let me talk about the food, it takes center stage. The hangover burger is ridiculous. Angus beef, Tillamook cheddar, fried egg and their house slaw IS OUT OF THIS WORLD. I rarely go back for seconds on burgers, this one i cant get enough of. Also their Caesar salads are just the right amount of garlic (for peeps that like that sort of thing, which i do) and caressed by flaky tender croutons. The breakfast is also amazing. Try their MTO special, 4 kinds of meats, eggs and this amazing mash browns (WHAT...) It's bananas. I never knew how good SPAM was till now.   Guys, check this place out. It's ridiculous good, I for one am going back to try everything on the menu at least once.   The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the ambiance is hip and inviting. Truly a great find on my part (good job Dre, your welcome bro). ALSO, 15$ bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's...cant beat that.   Trust me guys, check this place out, your stomach will be thankful.
5 Breakfast and Bansky art ;) If you're tired of the Vegas strip, crappy overrated old fashioned restaurants, and you're in search of a cool place to eat, then this place is definitely for you.  It was my last day in Vegas and I wanted some nice breakfast that wasn't going to be greasy and large just for the sake of it. Americans love their large portions. Anyway my yelp search brought me here. Actually I was heading to "eat" but all the roads were closed off and I didn't want to walk alone with my 19 month old amongst all the foul smelling homeless people so I had to yelp search again but I'm glad I did!  I shared the MTO breakfast with my son. OMG it was one of the best breakfasts I've had, full of protein and lots of YUM without feeling greasy and grossed out afterwards!! Three eggs, chicken sausage, FOUR pieces of bacon (I think two was Turkey had two normal), spam (I wasn't too keen on but hey I'm not American), tomatoes, cheesy hash, some berries and two thick pieces of toast. I wasn't keen on the bread only because I'm from Europe and I'm not a fan of American "bread". I wish I took a photo of it but as soon as it came my son was all over it so I missed my chance :( you really have to see it to appreciate how yummy the breakfast is. I love my chicken sausages and turkey bacon so it really was a perfect breakfast for me. Coffee was good too.   If you checkin on yelp, you get a free pastry. We got a free muffin and a small pastry as a substitute because we had to leave and the walnut toastie was still baking.   I saw some cool looking pancakes with grated carrot (?) on top and also bacon pancakes!! Which my husband would've really liked if he would've come with us. I'm sad we have to leave today, because I would've come back again tomorrow if we were still in Vegas.
5 Holy cow!  This place is amazing.  FRESH local food sourced locally and stored only in refrigerators with no freezers or microwaves in existence.    Best breakfast we had in Vegas; the blueberries, strawberries, and blackberries were great accents to our meal, and I loved that they have real lettuce (arugula, greens) versus non-nutritional man-created iceberg lettuce.    This place just opened 2 months ago so it's still relatively unknown by mainstreamers making it fast, quaint, and personable.  It's family run versus corporate and so there's a lot of pride in how this place operates even by staff.    Every booth has outlets that are USB ready.  How convenient!!  Parking is free on the street on Sunday.  Conveniently located next to the Mob Museum, Neon Museum, Fremont Street Experience, and Pawn Stars.
2 Food was good however very very slow service. Small restaurant. Our order was put in wrong and we were brought a wrong waffle and also our side of toast was forgotten. Not sure if I would recommend this place or come back again. Also, they do not validate parking (only 3$ but still)
5 Tired this place yesterday with my cousin. She told me about it and this was my expierence. It was really busy as it was Sunday at noon and our wait was less than 10 for a table. It's a small space but it's so modern and elements of different city feels. Our server was really friendly and attentive. And I noticed the owners were there talking with everyone. I loved that. I ordered the chicken "in a waffle", it was sooo good! Super tender crispy fried chicken sandwiched between fluffy waffles and then gravy alll over! I added syrup to it, wasn't served with any and def put syrup on it. Great portions and a bonus, they serve it with fries. Made my Sunday! Coffee was great too :)
5 This is a perfect spot for breakfast, brunch, and/or lunch in downtown. Located on Main Street, it is easily accessible from the parking garage directly behind the restaurant. Bright, open space with large windows looking out towards the new Las Vegas city hall building with a choice of an outdoor seating area that would be best enjoyed in warmer months.   A bestie and I decided to share all our dishes so we could get a better idea of the menu. We enjoyed the baked potato soup with crispy slices of bacon to garnish (which was the perfect warm-me-up, comfort-food starter); the tomato basil soup accompanied by a miniature grilled-cheese sandwich; the Elvis Breakfast French toast sandwich (which was more like dessert rather than a lunch sandwich but I was not about to complain about it); and the buffalo Rueben sandwich (I'll eat sauerkraut on anything and this was a unique pairing to me). I had a soup-bowl-sized cup of coffee and my friend had a fresh juice made with a plethora of healthy green goodness that helped balance out our carb-loaded lunch. All the dishes were DELISH.  Service was great as well. Our server was very attentive and kept my coffee cup full which is a requirement for a good review when coffee is involved at a sit down restaurant. I will also come back to try the $15 mimosa brunch special with the ladies. I think Mimosas make any brunch just a little bit brighter.
5 My second visit to MTO Cafe and I loved it! Service is great! I met the owner Ben who came up and introduced himself which I thought was awesome to see the brain behind it all! Didn't meet his business partner but hopefully next time. My server was Jennie and she recommended chicken and waffles which I must say was very delicious.  Thanks all and see you guys again soon. I live downtown area so it's nice to know there are places like this around -- gotta check it out and try out the mac n cheese as well! Amazing!
5 Awesome downtown gem. Just had a fantastic lunch with great service. Can't wait to come back for breakfast, they look amazing. And remember it's never too early for a Crabbie's ginger beer!
5 Friendly Staff and Amazing food in a hip up-beat atmosphere! Dont miss the Walnut Tossie
4 My mom: "I like the feel of this place." Me: "What would you say 'the feel of this place' is?" My mom: "I don't know how to describe it. Yuppie?"  I brought my mom and bro-dizzle to MTO in their first foray of downtown Las Vegas and the place was hopping for a Sunday morning. We were greeted right away by the gentleman working the counter who turned out to be the proud papa of one of the co-owners. While perusing the menu in our quoted 5-10 minute wait, he suggested what to eat if we were "really hungry," and what to order if we were "just hungry."   Among the 3 of us, we ordered the avocado breakfast as a skillet, though it was also available as a whole wheat wrap or omelette; the queso carne sandwich; and the bacon dippers. The avocado skillet had a green chili topping that gave it a kick so even though I asked for ketchup and hot sauce, it turned out I really didn't need too much of it, if at all. The queso carne was exactly like it sounded - lots of queso with lots of carne topped on fluffy slices of bread. The bacon dippers was a platter of Americana lovin' - carbs and bacon, married in one item - essentially strips of bacon right in the middle of pancake mix. The presentation wasn't as mind-blowing as the other two items, but the flavor was there. +1 for bacon lovers!   The cafe is bright and a very modernized, contemporary step up from the usual diners throughout the city. There aren't any $3.99 steak and eggs, but there are $15 bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys!   P.S. Check in on Yelp for a free order of walnut tossies - they were out when we went, but sent over an equally-winning mini apple pie! :)
4 Had a great breakfast with my friend here. The ambiance is fun and colorful. In regards to food, my veggie omelette was tasty and light, my friend got the lemon poppy pancakes which she also really enjoyed. The owner came by our table and was also very friendly... I guess it had only been open a little while when we had visited.
4 Losing a star after after my last brunch visit...   I will begin by saying that I'm super jazzed that MTO is now open downtown and the food and servers are great. The Fat Elvis is delicious and the chefs/owners have a real commitment to creating excellent food   But...now that business has picked up, service has slowed down.. An hour is way too long to turn food around and get it on the table. If the food is going to take that long, please PLEASE get some carafes of mimosas! It shouldn't be a battle to partake in the unlimited mimosa on a Sunday morning, especially if you're paying for it. Just some constructive criticism to ensure the service continues to match the quality of the cafe.
5 Interesting retro vibe, friendly service, smooth  Lavazza coffee and delicious lemon poppyseed pancakes! We found this place by accident but will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
5 Went here twice during Christmas week. Food is delicious, huge cups of coffee, great homemade donuts and apple rings, delicious green and red drinks, reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and above all, great service. The restaurant is clean, with charging ports in the booths. Try the MTO breakfast, it can serve two people. Burgers are amazing! The place is off the strip but really easy to get to by car. Nearby is the Gold and Silver pawn shop, where you can snap a few pictures of yourself after your meal at MTO. Would definitely return.
5 I'm glad we chose MTO Cafe for our first breakfast of 2014.  I ordered the MTO breakfast that was truly amazing.  My friend had the Fat Elvis french toast sandwich that also turned out to be fantastic.  Friendly staff, great food and supercool Banksy art on the walls make this a must visit if your downtown!
1 Worst service in town!  Why can't I leave a -1 Star review???  New Years Day 2014.  My uncle and I sat at the bar as we didn't feel like waiting for a table.  Our waiter promptly brought us our drinks after sitting (coffee).  After that, everything went downhill fast.  We both ordered the $14 MTO breakfast.  We waited 20 minutes for our breakfast.  Sitting next to the open air kitchen, we watched at least 6 party's seated after us receive their food before us.  Every single server there works with blinder's on, so don't expect refills on drinks and the like from anyone other than your server.  All servers there avoid eye contact and all of them walked past our empty coffee cups we intentionally placed at the edge of the bar.  It was almost laughable as servers prepared their drink trays next to our empty coffee cups.  I ordered my 3 eggs scrambled and received 2 eggs fried hard & 1 over-easy...all 3 over-cooked.  I brought this to our waiter's attention and told him that I'd eat them anyway (didn't want to wait an additional 20 minutes for scrambled eggs).  I asked for jelly for my 4 pieces of toast and was given just 1 plastic serving.  My uncle asked for jelly and received the good stuff in a small dish (we shared).  Their hashbrowns are mushy...don't understand how that's possible.  I eventually received coffee refills after throwing dirty looks at the young waitress who brags about also working at the Hard Rock steakhouse.  The manager came by towards the end of our meal and asked how everything was.  I looked him directly in the eyes and replied "awful".  He turned his back to me and walked away with no reply.  *Note to locals*  If your considering the MTO special for breakfast here, you'll fair much better at Wildfire with the "Gambler's Special" without paying 7x the price (seriously...the Gambler's Special is only $1.99, $2.99 with choice of meat).  The difference (besides the outrageously higher price) is the couple pieces of fruit on a toothpick.  Further, the food and service are much better at Wildfire.  Sitting directly across from the kitchen, we did get a good look at other dishes offered and they looked delicious (especially the wraps).  As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
5 Had an amazing breakfast here. The fried apple rings, chicken and waffles, and mini donuts with local honey were all outstanding. Hangover burger was also excellent and service was fantastic. Coffee was also exceptional.
4 Love this place! The food, atmosphere and service all were A+. I can't wait to go back and try their lunch menu.
5 This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Especially downtown (besides Eat). Believe me when I say that EVERYTHING we ordered was bursting with flavors and the freshness.  I can't wait to go back and bring new friends for lunch or breakfast.  PROS: Corned Buffalo Hash              Grilled Cheese (brie, honey and toasted walnuts)              Queso Carne (steak sandwich with drunken red wine onions & velveeta cheese)              Red Juice (beets, arugula, lime, red bell pepper. . . (other things)              Fresh salad              Bacon Dippers              Carrot & coconut pancakes              Outside seating (if you have pets)              The decor   This was one of those places I thought would be a overpriced corporate lunch stop so I didn't rush here. . . As usual, I was wrong! They have something really good cooking in that kitchen for everyone!  And like most places I gong before trying. . . I'll be back SEVERAL more times because it's that good.
5 I love the ambiance of this cafe. The owner's dad was making his rounds and was very friendly. The servers and the hostess were also very considerate. The food and drinks were amazing. I ordered the green juice and my husband ordered the red juice. I had a skillet and I was completely full. Great portions for a great price! I didn't stop there, I tried both of the fried donuts. The fried apple donut is amazing!!!! Can't recommend it enough. You might have to fight someone for the last one. I know it hasn't been open long, I hope they continue keeping up the good work. Great service and real food are appreciated.
4 Love this place!!! Great Mac n' cheese! Love the bottomless mimosas!!! Thanks Jennine!
5 This place is delicious! Yummy comfort foods with a little twist. I had a skillet which was very yummy, needed a little salt, but hit the breakfast spot and was loaded with potatoes. My friends got the chicken in a waffle which was heavenly, but very rich. The gravy on top just makes it.   Be sure to check in and get your freebie :)
5 cute little eatery off the strip! the food was fresh and delicious. you must try the chicken in a waffle. it's the perfect blend of savory and sweet for brunch; and the gravy is absolutely mouth watering.   the service was great, the food came out quickly and the GM, Ben, came by our table to see how we were doing.   if you're looking for a brunch/breakfast in Vegas that's reasonably priced and a few minutes from the strip, this is the place to be!
4 The breakfasts here are amazing (and huge)! I have been here several times and the wait staff is very friendly and truly believe in service. The doughnuts are ode-worthy, and the eggs extra tasty. Now one of my regular breakfast stops. Have had lunch there--also good--and huge! The only cons are paying to park and I wish the menu had a few more options...but don't let that stop you.   Go. Go now.
4 Yummy! Ordered the Vegan Carrot pancakes.  Arrived in front of me were 3 large, thick, fluffy, perfectly moist and heavenly pancakes sprinkled with crunchy coconut, pecans, grated carrots and agave. I could barely eat 1 pancake the serving was so huge. My partner got the chicken & waffles which came with gravy and fries. I loved the crispy crunchy coating on the fried chicken! Very tasty. The Green vegetable juice also pleased me.   The place is modern, simple but cheery atmosphere. Reasonable pricing. Good service. Wholesome and fresh food.
4 Vegas is a tough place for vegetarians. It's a city that equates meat with success. So I did some research before we went, and chose this place for a nice brunch on my wife's birthday. We were both pleasantly surprised.  We were welcomed warmly by the staff and by a woman who I'm assuming was the manager or owner. When I mentioned that I'd found the place on Yelp, and that it was my wife's birthday, we were offered a complimentary amuse bouche - two tiny walnut tarts.  My wife had the Skuna Bay salmon skillet, and I had the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. Even though we didn't need them - hers came with home fries, and my meal was already pretty carb-laden - we also ordered a side of these potatoes that melded the best of hash browns and mashed in one dish. Decadent, and necessary.  We also ordered bloody marys, made with Soju, a Korean liquor that's lighter than vodka, so we didn't need a nap when we were done.  Everything arrived quickly, and was consumed with gusto. The food was fresh, inventive and delicious, and the service was attentive without being overbearing. The room has a nice, warm ambiance with plenty of natural light.   Best of all, the place takes its job seriously, but also knows how to have fun. Social media is embedded in the experience, and the tables even offer USB plugs on the wall to recharge your devices.  The short walk to Fremont Street  burned off a few calories. We'll be back for more,
5 Great cafe in downtown Las Vegas. Loved everything I had on my first visit & already planning on when I can return. I had the green juice, the Chile omelette, & tried the fried apple rings. So good!!! And love that the food is all fresh, much of it direct from the farmers market downtown.
2 Way overpriced, stay away during breakfast. Omelets are $11-$14 and they come with no bread or potatoes (which add for $2 each). Food was good but we found the same quality for half the price at other nearby places.
5 Excellent food and service.   Fresh and unique breakfast options.   Everyone is friendly.
3 Okay food and okay service.   Might be willing to try again but not impressed
3 Food was good... the fat Elvis was delicious same with the walnut tossies and the French onion soup. They forgot to bring out a few items of ours and for some reason one of the managers/owners came to talk to us like every five minutes to talk, and kind of stood right by us interestingly enough and watched us eat and it made us a little uncomfortable.
4 This place is great!   Its a nice little trndy spot off the strip by City Hall. Everything we had was great and the service was very friendly. The portions are large.I  would rather eat here than a buffet.   Side note: This is owned by a gentleman in the military. I will be back to support the place next time I am in Vegas not only because it was good, but because we need to support our military.
4 Items selected:  Walnut Tossie MTO Mini Donuts with Local Honey Chicken in a Waffle - Bechamel, Fried Chicken, French Fries Vegan Carrot + Coconut Pancakes with Pecans and Agave Fat Elvis - French Toast, Banana, Bacon, Peanut Butter, Strawberries, Nutella Grilled Cheese - Brie, Local Honey, Toasted Walnuts, Brioche Thanksgiving Burger - Open Faced on Truffle Bread Pudding with Orange-Cranberry Sauce and Mashed Browns Lavazza Coffee  Always happy to see a chef preaching the ethics of local-seasonal sourcing and scratch-made-to-order cooking, particularly in the breakfast scene, it was unfortunately a rocky start for myself and MTO Café as even before they opened for business a steady trickle of shady "Five Star" reviews began to fill the internet, a trend not uncommon but nonetheless off-putting and causing me pause until more respectable voices were heard...in this case 3 months later.  Open seven days a week from breakfast till lunch and already a downtown darling with critics, city hall, and Zappos affiliates it was on a lazy Sunday that a friend and I sat down to a table in the airy, charming space just after 8:15 and with on-point service highly praiseful of both Chef Church and owner Ben Sabouri's vision much of what followed would prove well worth the hyperbole, a total of seven items and nearly as many cups of coffee comprising our 90 minute stay.  A menu broad in sections yet well-culled in scope it was with a wide swath that we cut through the options and requesting that items be sent out individually as the kitchen felt fit it was from sweet to savory that the morning progressed, an early offering of doughnuts that came off a touch oily and the doughy bread of the 'Fat Elvis' minor disappointments more than offset by fluffy vegan pancakes, creamy brie on lightly sweetened brioche, and superlative proteins such as the fried chicken smothered in béchamel or the tender turkey burger atop savory bread pudding alongside signature "mashed browns," a crunchy/creamy juxtaposition of butter, brine, and starch.  Off to a good start and informed by our server that the new menu is scheduled to debut in just a few weeks I look forward to seeing how MTO evolves over time - early marketing tactics aside this is a spot with 'destination breakfast' potential and along with 'eat' already a reason for suburbanites and tourists to make their way downtown before dusk.
5 We were thrilled to discover this spot. It is a relief to have a normal breakfast, with normal prices, that is not in a casino after many days on the strip!!!  The MTO breakfast was excellent, as were the seasonal vegetables (brussel sprouts perfectly seasoned). The lighting and decor is pretty!  We went for the bottomless Bloodies & Mimosas... WARNING: the bloody's are made with SOJU so they don't taste like what you are used to.* and were impressed with everything.   Cute, fresh, pretty, light. Super friendly staff.  Go here and enjoy.
4 Great find downtown. Queso Carne was delicious. Waitress was attentive and also hilarious.  Ordered ranch as a side, told me white people love ranch.  She was spot on, the ranch was great, dip and stick type. They have Estrella in bottle which is great, brings me back to days in Spain. Overall great service and great food. I want to go back to explore the rest of the menu. Apparently they deliver as well. Give it a try.
5 One of my top spots in Vegas for breakfast. Organic ingredients, friendly servers, away from the strip.. everything I like. I had the Chicken in a Waffle.. I wasn't expecting it to really be waffle sandwich with chicken. That was pretty amazing.   The price was about $13 which is pretty standard for breakfast. The coffee came in a pretty big cup but the vegetable juice was kind of small.  I received the free walnut tossie with Yelp Check in which was delicious.  The only gripe I had with this place is that parking isn't free and you have to pay $3 but otherwise, definitely love this place. I usually stay in Downtown Las Vegas so this place is super close by.
5 Yup, all 5 stars for this place. They don't have a freezer here, so all of the ingredients are fresh and in some cases picked up from the farmer's markets. Pretty cool. The taste is delicious too. They use quality ingredients so you end up with quality tasting food. The staff is friendly and able to make adjustments to the menu items based on your dietary needs. Coffee is very good too.  With all the expensive garbage on the strip, it's nice to see a place like this in the improving downtown area. Hopefully downtown will continue to develop and offer another destination to LV visitors. For the time being, Made To Order Café is reason enough for me to visit.
5 Amazing!!! My husband and I are here from Chicago. Everything is fresh there's no freezer food.  Staff is amazing, Ben and staff were so friendly. Something were not used to being from Chicago, so were were grateful.  I had the avocado omelette, red juice which was delicious. My hubby had the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. And he loved them surprisingly being the picky eater that he is.  And last you cannot leave without trying the fried apple rings.  AMAZING!!!!
4 Everything was perfect except service... Took a very long time to be acknowledged. Food came out wrong and was left with no silverware to eat..
2 Came on a Sunday around noon for breakfast after reading about this place and wanting to see if it would become one of our new favorite downtown spots. They were pretty busy when we got there and there was a 10 minute wait, but we were seated in about 5 minutes.  Our drink orders took a little longer than hoped to come, but that was fine. After some deliberation we decided to try the MTO breakfast and the lemon poppyseed pancakes. Our server, Ruby, may have just been having a bad day but the service continued to go downhill. We had to ask for silverware so we could stir our coffee. Another server brought the food out and it took her several minutes to even come by and ask us how it was. We asked for jam for the toast; she came by and forgot it, and when she brought it we asked if she had anything other than grape. by the time she let us know they only had grape jelly, we were done with our meal. She asked us if we wanted dessert, and as I said "no thank you, I think we're ready for our check," she walked away. To me that is just rude. The rest of the staff seemed much friendlier and more attentive, but our particular service experience was sub-par.  Unfortunately, the food couldn't make up for the bad service. The turkey bacon was limp and had poor flavor. The fact that they only have Welch's grape jelly is kind of weird considering they offer 3 kinds of toast. The sourdough toast was really just warmed bread with a touch of butter, it wasn't very toasty. The bacon and sausage were fine but forgettable. The pancakes were good (not great) but the compote is poured on with none on the side, so at times the stack is exceedingly dry. Overall the portions were good for the price, but their signature breakfast combo is pretty lackluster and the flavors just didn't really come together.  If you're looking for a good breakfast downtown I'd recommend Eat instead.
3 I'll keep it short. The decor is boring, chicken sausage skillet flavorless, walnut toastie dry and forgettable,BUT french onion soup was delicious. All in all for the price there are other options nearby to "EAT"
5 Great café! Very upbeat environment with tasty fresh-made food to match. I ordered their avocado omelet - VERY filling without being over-stuffed with cheese or other crappy fillings. Fresh-squeezed orange juice and imported Italian coffee, it's a breakfast hotspot definitely worth checking out!
5 My friend and I were looking for a quick breakfast before we hit the road back home, and we stumbled upon this little gem. The food was delicious and definitely Made To Order.  Don't forget the MTO mini donuts!!!!
2 Went to have some brunch at MTO it is a neat space, with minimal decorations that kept our attention. Being from restaurants we always watch the operations of the kitchen and the wait staff. The first red flag we saw the expediter eating French fries in front of the line, in front of all the customers, gross. You have an open kitchen yes but duck in the back and feed your face. From the waiter he said his name was Jose or something like that. We asked if the chef was on duty and the waiter also said no, probably why the whole kitchen was a free for all and slow. First we ordered the pancake dippers. It was a plain over mixed pancake with bacon in it sliced into strips. Nothing fancy. Then we watched the expediter "Jose" walk over to a table and shake someone's hand with his gloves on.  We then ordered our sandwiches. I had the tree hugger. I think if I ate a tree it would have had more flavor than this. It was a good concept and that's all the good I can say about that. It was a quinoa bun two patties. That had absolutely no flavor at all. It had some kind of sauce in the middle and a few leaves of spinach and a few small tomatoes. It had the potential to be good if they used a little seasoning salt or some herbs or anything that could flavor the cardboard patties. The coffee was good. The hangover burger we ordered was cooked perfect and was juicy. If we were going to come back I would order the burger. It  The fries are bag fries nothing special. We ended up paying fifty dollars which seems very expensive for a mediocre brunch. It is Comparable price to EAT, with less flavor in the food.
5 Quest Carne was deliciously naughty! And the Skuna Bay Salmon Filet was to die for! Couldn't stop eating the fries!!! MTO Cafe is a refreshing addition to the Downtown restaurant scene!
3 Looking at the food coming out of the kitchen,  the sandwiches looked really impressive.  However, i opted to try the breakfast.    The food is very average, nothing really amazing for breakfast.  I ordered lemon poppy seed pancakes with blueberry ginger compote.  Each of my 3 pancakes was unlevened or flat and totaled less the 3/4 of an inch high for the stack of 3. The compote was thin an runny, more of the consistency of a thin sauce. The flavor profile was ok, what was lacking was the execution of technique. However the ingredients were fresh. I will have to try them for lunch hopefully my experience will be better.  For now I will stick to one of my 7 favorite places for brunch.  Cost: $15 pancakes & soft drink+ Tax & Tip $3 + $1.50 for 1 hour of paid parking = $19.50 for below average pancakes with no meat side.    Time: 11 am  Restaurant:  less then 1/2 full.   Service, is friendly yet attention to guest needs improvement. In my observation servers could work specifically on anticipating guest needs.
3 This is a solid restaurant. I especially loved the decor and friendly staff. Ultimately, it comes down to the food, and the food to me was meh. It was okay but nothing great.   I had the avocado skillet. Besides the tomatillo, which was great, the rest of the dish was very average. I wish my potatoes had more flavor. My sister had the chicken and waffles. Neither were very good, even with the gravy. Both lacked the flavor or kick I was looking for.
4 Love the vibe! This cafe is one of my favorite, and having City Hall right across the street makes it even better. Support local? Support this cafe! Very nice and hip decor.
5 Wonderfully comfortable restaurant with good food.
5 A beautiful, beautiful cafe. Sleek, clean and has big glass windows for beautiful sunlight to shine the restaurant. I like how there is a mixture of a few tables, bar seating, booths for more privacy and a long, sleek high table table with bar stools along side their large window that over looks the street. If you need a place to relax and study, this would be it. You can grab one of their booths and set up your laptop and order some food to settle in. They provide power outlets for you to charge your electronics---something Starbucks needs to do.  Their ambiance is awesome! From their seating arrangement, lighting, art work display, to their kitchen and food presentation.  Their food is great!! They offer am array of options from the green eater to the extra grease lover. Their side orders are quite large, so be sure to share with two or three people, or, have that as your meal :) I would definitely return to this cafe.
4 We were heading out to the container park and decided to hit MTO Café for a late brunch beforehand. MTO is located on Main St. just across the street from the new City Hall. And even though I can only think of the Food Network when I see their logo, I really liked the feel of this place. It seems like it's a window into the new downtown vision of hip and cool spots. It is fairly small inside though and even at 1pm, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.   The menu is pretty extensive featuring breakfast, lunch and even a couple vegan options. We decided to start off with an order of the mini donuts. Hey, life's short so eat dessert first, right?! They brought out an order of two donuts that were unfortunately just a step above being raw. I hate sending food back but they were pretty much indelible. Our waitress was great, she apologized, took them back and got us a new order right away. The properly cooked ones were delicious! They have a slightly crisp exterior but soft on the inside and topped with honey and powdered sugar but not overly sweet. Definitely a must try!  I opted for the chicken in a waffle and while I'm not usually not a fan of the sandwich style version, MTO's was a hit for me. It's a bit messy so you'll most likely be knife and forking it anyway. The waffle was great, it's light and fluffy with a hint of sweetness. I thought the chicken was a bit "soft" but still very flavorful. It definitely needed to be more crispy. In my opinion though, the star of this dish is the sauce. I'm not sure exactly what it is, though I saw mention of it being a form of béchamel sauce. Whatever it is, it's tasty! It's a bit thick like gravy but was similar to hollandaise sauce in flavor. It's a got a touch spice that balanced out the sweet waffle and trust me, you can just leave the syrup off your plate for this one!  My wife ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes which were really taste. Moist yet fluffy pancakes with an excellent compute of blueberries and ginger. These are 3 large pancakes and can easily be shared for those with smaller appetites. My son ordered a grilled cheese which was one of the better I've ever tasted in a restaurant and was served with a generously portioned fresh fruit cup.   If you're looking for a cool spot to grab breakfast or brunch, MTO should be on your list. They have some pretty unique menu items and even serve beer. How can you beat a good brewski to go along with your "hangover burger"? The prices are a bit high but that's expected for place like this and they at least make up for it with pretty huge portions. Solid 4 stars all around!
4 Thanksgiving burger and hangover burger.  Thanksgiving burger was excellent, the balance between truffle bread pudding and turkey patty was perfect.
5 MTO (Made To Order) is an absolute amazing find in downtown Vegas. It is almost hidden near the City Govt Center under a parking structure (they do validate your parking for up to $1.50, just ask your server for a validation ticket when you leave), but well worth the search.  When you walk in you immediately feel the energy of the place. Its open layout and very comtempo vibe from the bright and warm accent colors and funky artwork to the made-by-the-owner furnishings, it is instantly inviting! We were immediately greeted and sat when we walked in the door and our waitress was at our table taking our drink order in no time flat. The easy to read menus have a eclectic selection of "made to order" items that are designed to feed your need for farm fresh, locally grown food or to nurse a hangover with something a bit more savory. Either way you are in for a treat!  I had the Red Juice, which was a fantastically healthy mix of beets, arugula, lime, carrot, red pepper, and pomegranate. It actually tasted delicious! To counteract my health conscious, I ordered some coffee (which is Grade A btw) and the Fat Elvis. This hunka-hunka pile of WTF-is-happening-in-my-mouthness is peanut butter, bananas, Nutella, AND bacon on legit french toast! To offset the insanely delicious gluttony, the dish is accompanied by a healthy heap of strawberries and blackberry garnish. I was definitely a fat, if not completely satisfied, Elvis (impersonator) when I was finally finished!  I had mentioned to our fantastic waitress that this place belonged in Austin as the vibe, decor, and menu just screamed Hyde Park, Rosedale, or SoCo and as luck would have it the very nice owner, Ben was sitting in a booth across from us. He graciously came over to say "hi" (he actually interacted with almost every single customer in the place) and we had a fantastic convo. Honestly, a great guy and his awesomeness definitely translates into this great restaurant. He had us try the fried apples (which literally hurt to eat I was so full, but man, it hurt soooo good!) which were also to-die-for delish!  I was so sad to have discovered this place as I was leaving Las Vegas (see what I did there?) because I would have eaten here for every meal for my three day-two night stay!   I guess I'll just have to wait til the next time I'm in downtown Vegas, or better yet until the grand opening of their new location in ATX!
4 MTO was a good experience.  My boyfriend and I went for Valentines Day (drawn in by their bottomless mimosas).  We had the Kentucky fried chicken, the Broccoli breakfast and the bacon pancake dippers.  I loved the Kentucky fried chicken!  I like the gravy they use and the hash mash, chicken and eggs go together so well.  I like how the pancakes for the bacon pancake dipper are thin.  I wasn't a big fan of the broccoli breakfast.  It was a little bland.  It's a healthier option, but I felt like it would benefit with more seasoning.  However, you have a choice to make it skillet, omelet or flatbread style.  The skillet style serves it with potatoes.
5 Came here for the first time staying downtown at the golden nugget. It's a short 10 minute walk and definitely worth the wait!  I'm vegetarian and they didn't mind the special orders and recommended a recently added item to my gf, which was awesome!  Bottomless Champagne was delicious and I asked the owner Matt for some extra as he was managing on Saturday.  I will totally come back when I'm in Vegas as it reminds me of NorCal type food and great service. Their iPad was having trouble sending orders and out order didn't go through but they were cool about it! Other than the order not going through they were a little unorganized and only 3 waiters for a busy Saturday and the owner sort of walked around like he did not know what he was doing, I even asked him about where the food came from and he was very unsure and his response was "I leave it to the chefs" Food was worth the wait though and I will be back!!!!!!!!!
2 So you better come here early...because everything I wanted on the menu they were out of! Bottomless mimosas...Out! I was so looking forward to it. My Sunday brunch in Vegas kinda ruined. Then I order a salmon omelette and their out of that too! Come on! Ended up just getting a fruit cup. Thanks a lot MTO cafe for ruining my Sunday brunch :)
2 Really, really wanted to like this place. But alas, food just ok. For the $, totally not worth it... Doughnuts sucked- don't waste your $7 for 3 tiny, dry things. Latte up-charged $1 for vanilla syrup. Seriously??! Located attached to parking garage for which, wait for it, they don't validate. And there was piece of plastic wrap in our skillet. Service not great, but that may vary with your server.
4 Wow, the decision to put this quality cafe right next to the new city hall was genius. This is likely related to the fact that they don't need to be open past 3pm.  Anyway, if you're going to come here, come early. It will fill up quickly. The waits aren't crazy long, but just be ready for one. Why is there a wait at all? Well, as MTO states... everything is made to order. It's a quality cafe. If you browse through the pictures, you'll salivate over something. We drooled over the burger and the apple rings.  We ended up ordering a chicken skillet and the MTO breakfast. The skillet was served in... a skillet! On the bottom, potatoes. On top, whole eggs turned into a sort of omelette containing bits of an excessively sweetened chicken sausage. A sprinkling of greens on top and a few slices of tomatoes. I'm not sure if the eggs were made in butter but they were suspiciously tasty. Good textures and flavors. Fresh. The MTO breakfast is basically a classic breakfast plate made with eggs, hash browns (with mashed potatoes inside), and a selection of meats from bacon, sausage, spam, to turkey bacon. Both plates were enough food for anyone. Just enough I'd say.  I also sampled a bit of the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. The pancakes themselves were fine. Nothing special. The sauce on top was much better - made with fresh blueberries. Also tried a glass of their green juice. Very tasty and full of lime flavor. I would only question the point of the juice staying in a container until it's ready to serve. That's not only "MTO," but it allows the enzymes in the juice to die and thus killing the point of drinking fresh juice.  Service was fine, as was pricing. Inside there's a TV and a fresh design. Is it worth going out of your way for if you aren't downtown? I'm not so sure, but this is something downtown definitely needs. Quality food paving the way for more.
5 Military discount? Great food? New favorite place? Yes, YES and YES!!!!
5 MTO! You're fantastic! Traveling from LA, we stayed in Aria on the strip, but I convinced my friends to brunch in downtown. Most of the other brunch places I called in DTLV had a 30-1 hr wait and I just wasn't down for that (Hash House A Go Go and eat.) Both of those places also didn't let us put our name down over the phone as we were traveling from the strip to downtown (first come first served). MTO had high reviews, but not many, so I assumed it was new and we took a chance and just showed up. Luckily, we came at a good time and only had about a 5-10 minute wait.   First off, I have to applaud the service here. The server and the wait staff are excellent. They are so enthusiastic, helpful, honest, and provided some of the most warming service I've ever received. It wasn't phony or stagnant; it's so transparent here that the people love what they do! I have to give props to the chef as well; the menu is eclectic, interesting, varied, but comfortable and delicious!   When asked for recommendations between the salmon skillet and the Kentucky Fried Chicken, our waitress quickly said to get the chicken, hands down. I love when the staff has an opinion on the food-- it helps out so much!  I ordered a coffee, which was bold and delicious! The dish came out pretty fast; it was beautiful; so colorful and it smelled amazing. The chicken is not for the faint of heart; it's heavy and hearty without being super greasy. Hash mash, fried chicken, country gravy, over-easy eggs; crazy combination, but it works out beautifully. Food was cooked to perfection (over-easy eggs were done RIGHT!) and everything was really tasty. We left stuffed and happy!   I'll definitely be back when in town-- thanks for a great experience!
4 MTO cafe is a nice addition to the downtown restaurant scene. Good variety of sandwiches for lunch. Unique breakfast dishes and good service. The interior is bright and colorful.   The only thing keeping me from frequenting the restaurant more often is breakfast menu is a la carte. Toast and potatoes are extra. I had an omelette that I had to order a side of toast and potatoes and spent $16 before I even ordered coffee. Way too much money.
4 I tried the chicken and waffles and the dish was good! Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely come back. I got to meet the owner and he was very friendly and he genuinly wanted to hear our feedback and opinion about the service and food. Great experience!
5 Fried apple dessert is amazing!! Love the free Wi-Fi and power outlets in every booth & parking is convenient :)  I will def be back to try out the vegan carrot pancakes!
3 Great menu, great food but they're horribly understaffed. Hopefully they can hire some people and keep up a level of service that matches the quality of food.
3 All my healthy, vegetarian, protein peeps, or anyone on a specific type of diet, should check this spot out. Anyone wanting an omelet made with 3 hormone induced eggs, this is not your place. Great addition to downtown. Décor is fabulous. Prices are a touch high, however your paying for quality food not just the bottom of the barrel meats & cheeses. The menu is not huge, but has very interesting items like deep fried apple rings, Kentucky fried chicken, and chili cheese omelets. There is a protein breakfast with chicken sausage, turkey bacon, spam, another meat, and 3 eggs, for $14.  The coffee was perfection and served in a bigger that usual mug. The service was mediocre.  Just ok. By no means bad, but by no means special. Just ok.  I have faith that I may come back and raise a star, but I find it hard to see myself returning when Eat and DuPar's are in the area.  The selection of "good for you" eats is slim in Vegas and that's what gives this place a chance. With a great style, unique menu, and a killer downtown location- they will succeed. I will come back in hopes to be won over by one of their unique items.
5 Vegan carrot & coconut pancakes were excellent. At least as good as they look, if not better. The fried apple rings were delicious. I also had the red juice. It was good, but it's really more for the health benefit than the taste. They do not have sugar free syrup. I tried a taste of the agave with my pancakes, but then used my own Walden Farms pancake syrup. Gotta save some carbs where you can. This was a postworkout meal for me. It was a great breakfast, and I would definitely go again.
2 Was very disappointed at the lack of choices on the menus and the fact that a place focused on "healthy and vegan friendly" items has Absolutely no Gluten free choices other then an omelet and tomato soup.  Food was good but not great. Probably will not eat here again.  Cute decor.
5 PDSF Review:  PARKING is validated; 50% off in the structure.  DECOR is clean and modern.  SERVICE was absolutely excellent; server was Michael (gives good recommendations and checks on your party regularly).  FOOD was absolute delight.  Wife and I got the KFC special (fried chicken with mashed potatoes/hash brown)... finger-licking clean!   We also got the chicken skillet = healthy and fresh tasting, but after eating the superstar KFC special, the skillet was less memorable.  We also got the red juice, which was healthy and refreshing.  Will go back for sure.
5 My Beautiful Wife and I spent the weekend in Las Vegas, celebrating her Birthday and our Anniversary. We were staying in Downtown @ the Four Queens and quite frankly, felt inundated with all of the so-so choices for breakfast. We Yelped and thought that MTO sounded interesting. What a great decision. My wife had the High 5 Stack, very light and perfect pancakes. I had the Kentucky Fried Chicken and I have to tell you that this is Fantastic! Their Hash Browns are excellent and they top these with the best breaded chicken breast that I have had in a long time. Cover that with GRAVY and fried eggs, well I had to go back and have it again this morning.  Very friendly staff and great service. I met the owner today and he is just a warm, genuine and friendly person.  I can't wait to come back as I want to try a Fat Elvis, a Hangover Burger and I can't remember the name of the sandwich, but it has Spam and a Mornay sauce on a Brioche Bun! Wow! What a fresh and innovative menu. I wish you nothing but the best of luck.  Wish we had an MTO in LA.  THANKS,   Steve
4 MTO is hyped up Kimbo Slice style and lucky enough, it will have way more staying power than the former street fighting champ's run in the UFC (sorry, Kimbo!).   Ordered the 'Broccoli' (broc, egg whites, spinach, Tillamook cheddar, jalapeño, mushrooms) in a whole wheat wrap ($12). Added a side of hash browns ($2) bc the accompanying side was two slices of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce. I always enjoy a salty break from an egg sammie (doesn't everyone?), but was turned off by the additional charge. Even more perplexing is that you can order it as a skillet (with potatoes) for the same price. Either way, that side of browns was phenomenal and almost got a second order sent my way. A crunchy outside, an almost creamy inside... oof. So good. Maybe I'll order 6 of those next time. The wrap itself was also very good. A great combo of veggies and cheese made each bite delish. The 'Chicken' (chicken sausage, roasted tomato, caramelized onions, arugula) was also good, but a bit heavy for my taste. If you're a sausage and onions kinda guy, look no further (OK, maybe look down further to the MTO Breakfast). Service? Ours was excellent.  Is the vibe cool? Yes! Do I want to come back here for lunch? Sure! Does paying $28 for 2 egg 'wiches and an iced tea (w/o potatoes) stink? Why yes, it does. Unfortunately, since it's not really located by anything else I frequent, I can't see myself being a regular here. However, a few times a month I'll def be hangin out. A large 2-steps up from a greasy spoon. 4-stars for now and I'll be back for more!  Protip: Check out their fb page for special Sunday night dinners with local chefs. Bro-tip:  $15 AYCD mimosa or bloody mary's
5 Came here to have breakfast with a friend. I loved the place as it was very modern with a incredible view to the court house! :)  For breakfast I ordered the vegan carrot & coconut pancakes which were topped with walnuts and shredded carrot & coconut super delicious! We also ordered Mac & cheese (best I've ever had) I would definitely come here again as there's more things to try from their menu!
4 The food and staff at this place is fantastic!    The reason for my 4 stars (and I'd only take off 1/2 a star if Yelp allowed me) is the parking situation.  On the weekends, it is $3 to park in the garage (EVERYWHERE around is pay for parking) and MTO validates- however, they only validate $1.50.  Well its not a lot of money, it is the principle of the matter to me.  I am going to a restaurant and spending money, why validate if you are only going to validate half?  So while the food, service and ambiance are all great- this little detail annoys me and will probably stop me from going back... unless they start validating the full $3 on the weekends.  Just doesn't make sense to me.
4 Came to catch up with a friend.  I saw this on yelp and overlooked it.  Then I saw a great photo on Instagram by @unlokt  decided to try it. It is located right in front of a parking garage.  Seemed to be the only parking there.  Ashley was our server.  I wanted the green drink, but I don't like celery.  The drink is premade so you can't customize it.  I ordered the Fat Elvis. Thick and goey French toast with Nutella, banana, and BACON in the middle, garnished with strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. I think the bacon smothered in all that Nutella was the best part!  Very yummy!   Ashley was super attentive, I feel bad we were so busy chit chatting we probably stayed 20min too long.  They close at 2pm, I thought there were other customers, but upon leaving realized they all work there. Unfortunately they only validate $1.50 (1 hour) of your parking as well.
3 Went here yesterday for lunch. Pretty busy little place at lunch time with the downtown business crowd.  Anyhow, there food is solid but overpriced. Nothing exceptional but nothing bad that I have had either. I had the salmon burger yesterday. The shoestring french fries were good, I am pretty sure they are fresh and that was probably my favorite part.  The salmon burger itself, which was recommended by the waitress, was extremely dry. I was hesitant to try it as they stated it was not a piece of salmon . I surmised it was salmon flakes with filler aka what I would expect from the frozen section at any grocery store. So going back to the dry salmon patty, the salmon burger had cream cheese - which again I am not a big fan of but I think the cream cheese and the copious amounts of mayonnaise helped offset the dryness of the salmon patty.  The menu stated that the salmon burger had a balsamic aioli, however I could not taste that at all on the burger and there did not appear to be any balsamic dressing on the burger.  I did like the bread and butter chips on top of the burger (there were five held on top with a toothpick).  My total for the salmon burger & fries, with no drink including a $2 tip was $15. I just don't see going back for the price that they charge.   I overhead another waiter saying that the hangover burger was great, and my friend who got the hangover burger liked it but I just can't justify paying $13 for a burger unless I was at BURGR or the like.  If I am going to get a hamburger and it's not high end then I am an In-N-Out girl because, hey, that's what a hamburger's all about... but I digress.   I went to MTO once before, about six months ago, and remember getting the salmon wrap. Again I remember it being okay but nothing really noteworthy. I split it with a friend and it is definitely not big enough for splitting.   As a side note, they serve beer for $5, there were some good choices Dogfish Head 60 - although they also had PBR, I question who would really pay $5 for PBR - although a friend pointed out he noted a resurgence of "cheap" beer as being trendy - I haven't noticed that but I pay more attention to micro brews and wine myself.  But MTO seems to attempt to appeal to a sense of nostalgia by referencing wonder bread and Velveeta amongst other items, so maybe that is their justification for $5 for PBR? Anyway, long story short - okay to try but don't get the salmon burger unless you are in the mood for a patty that has the moisture of the Sahara desert and expect to pay a premium for pretty much anything.
4 Decided to try this place out. It was on a Saturday afternoon. Parking is in an attached garage. You have to ask for a validation ticket from MTO Cafe. Parking wasnt free but its discounted. Service was good. The cafe was quaint and modern. Now on to the food. I only had a chance to order the Skuna Bay Salmon Burger. It was topped with balsomic aioli, chopped romaine, cream cheese on a potato bun with fries. I thought it was pretty good. The salmon came out moist and the aioli wasnt overpowering. There may have been too much mayo/cream cheese though but it wasnt smothering. The potato bun was nice and soft. I was pretty full by the end of my burger but wish I had room to try more items on the menu. I will definitely come back.
5 Great restaurant. Great food, great atmosphere, great price. I have tried almost every item on the menu and everything is great. You can eat healthy or decadent. I would highly recommend stopping by and trying this place out. If you are down on Fremont St. Walk down and have brunch.
5 It was my first time in this restaurant and it was amazing...had the Fat Elvis... I'm not really a banana person (like the minions...lol) but it was fantastic...mimosas were also good...staff very personable... loved the wall mural and the total package of the place...owner was very well loved by the customers and it is apparent that it is not for show because he knows that parents of his customers are visiting the city...
4 Love this place for brunch!!   We came here on Sunday because another place we wanted to try out was a very long wait. So, if you are so hungry you can't wait, try this place out!  They don't have a very extensive menu, but the dishes were very good.   For brunch, we had -   Chicken Sausage Skillet.  It was very good, very flavorful and it was a very good portion of food.  Fried Chicken w/ gravy, eggs and hash browns.  This was very very good. The chicken breast was so tender inside and perfectly crispy on the outside. The gravy was very tasty as well. It had a very distinctive nutmeg  flavor to it.   We also had some mimosas - a little more on the orange juice side, but they were cheap. And their bottomless prices are very cheap compared to other places in town.  I love to look around at what other people are eating and their hamburgers look delicious. So, I can't wait to go back and try more goodies :)
4 Went here with some friends for a birthday brunch.  The location is right by the Las Vegas City Hall and presumably provides dining options in a specific portion of downtown that otherwise lacks options.  The restaurant validates parking for patrons.  The decor is very urban, concrete jungle with industrial looking tables and high ceilings.  The place has a very modern but friendly feel and offers plenty of seating with a properly proportioned dining room.  Service was very good and the waiter made sure those of the patrons partaking in the bottomless mimosas had refills when needed.  I had the MTO signature breakfast which consisted of turkey bacon, spam, sausage, eggs, mash browns and toast.  This was a tasty combination and I'm not a big spam fan from prior experience.  Another member of our group had a chicken wrap which was fresh, and appropriately portioned.  The french fries were shoe string or thin fries and were very good.  The pricing was not bottom basement denny's level but was fair.  This is a great place to go for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  If you hate hipsters and cop an attitude about any place giving a hipster vibe, you should probably go somewhere else.
5 One of my favorite places in Downtown LV! I first ventured in for a weekend brunch and have been back multiple times since then.   Some highlights: Bacon Dippers peppercorn maple syrup - literally bacon dipped in pancake batter Chicken "In A Waffle" yup, it's chicken in a waffle - comes with an incredible 'hash mash' Turkey Melt avocado, tomatoes, jack & cheddar, chipotle aioli (spicy) on sourdough + fries Fried Apple Rings cinnamon-sugar butter icing (genius) Fresh Green Juice
5 Glancing at the menu I wasn't that excited. Breakfast items sounded typical and lunch items were slightly more intriguing. What drew me in was the name of the chef/partner, Johnny Church, who doubles as the chef at RM Seafood and Rx Boiler Room and previously worked at The View in Tivoli Village. The concept of elevated comfort food made from mostly locally sourced ingredients pays off in a big way. Dishes are expertly executed with passion and refinement that you won't find in most breakfast and lunch spots.  With a Yelp check-in we received complimentary walnut tossies. I've never heard the name before, but they're similar to tiny little tarts with a thick, buttery crust. That was followed up with an order of MTO mini donuts ($7). Firm in texture with a lightly crispy exterior, they arrived three per order covered in powdered sugar and honey.  My favorite dish was Chicken in a Waffle ($13). Tender chunks of breaded chicken smothered in a country gravy were sandwiched between light and crispy waffles and topped with fresh berries. The dish had everything you could want -- savory proteins accompanied by the sweetness of the fruit, the airiness of the waffles and the combination of tender, crispy, crunchy textures. The mound of skinny fries that came with it weren't bad either.  On a somewhat lighter and healthier side was the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes ($11). Don't let the vegan label scare you. The light and fluffy texture make them as good as most pancakes out there.  The biggest, and maybe the only, low point of the meal was the Fat Elvis ($13). It's French toast with banana, bacon, peanut butter, strawberries, and nutella. Sounds like a mouthful, right? It was and not in a good way. The peanut butter and nutella combo made it so dense and heavy that I could only stomach a few bites. Ok, maybe more than a few, but it was one dish i couldn't finish. And I almost always clean my plate.  Next up was one of the best grilled cheese ($11) sandwiches I've had containing brie, honey, and toasted walnuts between slices of brioche. And, finally rounding out the meal was their Thanksgiving burger ($14). An open-faced moist turkey patty sitting atop a bread pudding "bun", topped with an orange-cranberry sauce with a side of mashed browns. It was all delicious. Turkey burgers are usually gross, but I'd come back for seconds.  I was skeptical. The menu at first glance didn't sound inspiring. But, their ability to almost flawlessly elevate comfort food won me over. With a menu that is scheduled to change based on seasonal ingredients, there's plenty of reasons to return.
4 REALLY creative menu!     I stopped by MTO cafe a few weeks ago when the b/f and I were feeling like a trendy brunch spot.  The menu is awesome - really innovative food combinations and a nice offering for different dietary needs.    Oddly, I had a steak salad for brunch.  (Don't judge me...brunch means breakfast AND lunch people.)  The steak was awesome - and so was the coffee.  The b/f had The Fat Elvis - some concoction of banana, nutella, peanut butter and carb-loaded goodness.  It looked incredible and from the empty plate he left, I suspect he thought so too.  Two OJ's, a coffee, 2 breakfasts, and a side of fruit DID really hike the cost up though - I think it was like fifty something dollars for brekkie.  Not a cheap spot, but worth it for the ambience, the quality of food, and creativity of the menu.
4 We decided to try a new restaurant off the Vegas strip on our last Vegas trip.    We tried the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" and grilled cheese for brunch.  We really liked the fried chicken with hash mash and topped with two eggs.  The chicken was really juicy and cooked perfectly.  Everything went well together.  The grilled cheese with brie and honey was also really good.  We got the fries with the grilled cheese and we couldn't stop eating them because they were sooooooo good.  We also tried the green juice which I thought was okay, just a tad pricey for a small glass.  We finished our brunch with the mini donuts and honey which were seved warm and really delicious.   Amazing food experience at MTO Cafe, we'll definitely be back next time we're in Las Vegas.
5 4.5. Very nicely designed space. Great menu.  Excellent service. Good pricing. An excellent weekend brunch choice. (Bottomless mimosas!)  Meats on the MTO plate might have been browned a bit more for better color and texture but were nevertheless good. Great breakfast wraps as well (which can, alternatively, be omelets instead).  Fresh juice choices as well as coffee and espresso.   Very impressed.
5 I think this place is great!! Was looking for a brunch spot and this was the top rated on yelp-totally didn't disappoint.   Venue is new and modern. Love that it's attached to a parking structure (so much easier than searching for metered parking downtown) Menu is funky and I love that they have vegan options.   Vanilla latte-better than Starbucks   Red juice-I hate beets!!! But I actually found this juice really pleasant.  Chicken waffle sandwhich- the chicken was salty and the grAvy not overpowering. Super good!! And decently portioned, great dish to split so you have room for apple rings!!!  Apple rings- super simple, the best part of my my meal. Next time I will go back just for a latte and apple rings :)
3 MTO Cafe is a sight for sore downtown eyes. Anything original that falls outside the orbit of Freemont east and The Downtown Project is to be hailed out of the gate, and the good news is that MTO offers a fun menu, an inviting space, and cheerful service. Bonus points for mobile charging stations in the booths, a bottomless mimosa brunch, local delivery, special event suppers, vegan options, etch-a-sketches for kids, and a kitchen that likes to mix things up. These cats are hitting many right notes, and I'm happy to keep returning and supporting.   But there's a "but." It's small "but" but it's crucial and can be summed up with the following moral principle (which I think comes from Psalms, and say it with me): A Tomato is a Privilege, Not a Right. MTO touts itself as the place to get "fresh comfort food."  It's a solid concept. People love diner fare like skillets and pancakes. People also love the idea of garden fresh ingredients. MTO has both! Together! Fried potatoes and eggs WITH ARUGULA! Pancakes WITH FRESH BERRIES! Montague, meet Capulet.    But then the plates arrive, several times in a row now, and there they are. Three desperate slices of roma tomato that have no earthly reason for existing. Three pale pink, dry, mealy, insipid round disks that make a mockery of the whole "fresh ingredients" concept. It's a larger and more generally disturbing societal trend, this habituated tastelessness, but it's particularly glaring at a place that hangs its hat on the notion of seasonality. A tomato, say it with me once again, is a privilege. It grows for a few months in the summer, arrives in our kitchens bursting with the juice of sun beams, and merely asks to be sliced thick and dressed with some sea salt and cracked pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. Torn fresh basil if you have it. When you taste it you taste the earth and the sky while nymphs play the fiddle and dance. It is a near-sacred experience that we get to enjoy for a short time each summer, and then we pack away our longings until next year. We accept a life without tomatoes for the better part of the year. We ignore those crunchy, gassed-up grocery store imitations from Mexico. We hold out, we say "no," because we understand that proper tomatoes are worth the wait.    The existence of the pale, crunchy roma tomato is our collective failure as a consuming public. We should be better than this. We should all think we deserve better, because we do. The MTO kitchen staff can't fully be blamed for this sad culinary ritual, because apparently we have all of us simultaneously fallen asleep at the tomato wheel. But a restaurant that prides itself on fresh ingredients and seasonality should have a finer sense of what counts as fresh, and what doesn't, and if these pale pink impostors can sneak under the kitchen's radar then one's confidence is a little shaken. Don't settle for what your customers settle for, MTO. Not everything is fresh all the time. I'd happily settle for roasted red peppers, or pretty much anything pickled. Or simply nothing at all, which would be better than negative-tomato.
3 I have mixed feelings about MTO.  The first time I came here with my husband and my Dad. I ordered a breakfast of 2 eggs over medium, bacon, and a side of toast. Also a coffee and orange juice. All of it came out just great. The eggs were cooked perfect, the bacon is great and the toast was great as well. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and said it was also exceptional. My Dad ordered the "Hangover" burger and said that while it was really good, it was a little undercooked for his taste and he didn't like the sweet pickles on top. Overall, we were really excited to come back!  The second time we came here was disappointing.... I came here again with my Husband and my Brother in Law.  I ordered a Coffee, orange juice, and the mini donuts to share.  First of all the waitress forgot one of our coffees and water, no big deal it just took her a while. When I received my orange juice it had a *thick coarse black hair in it!* I told the waitress and decided I didn't want OJ after that. She barely said sorry...The mini donuts I received were more like mini dough cakes. They were very dense and not really donut like at all, they were smothered in honey and that didn't even help with the incredibly bland flavor, I dunked them in my coffee and that made them edible. Even tasty. Not sure if they come like this every time though, I would hope not.  My husband and I also split the Chicken and waffles, this time my hubby and I noted that while it was still pretty good, the gravy on the chicken was extremely bland this time around.  My Brother in Law ordered the Bacon Dippers and the Fried Apple rings. He said the Bacon Dippers were awesome. But the Fried Apple Rings were cut extremely thick, they were fried in batter but the apples were so thick they didn't really cook at all and the batter just fell off, he took one bite and didn't want the rest. Again, not sure if they are always cut SO thick. It's like eating a sliced apple...not what he was expecting.   Atmosphere is super nice here, it's so nice to sit by the window and have a nice view. The decorations are pretty cute and the place was very clean both times we came.   We decided we will still want to give this place another try, everyone has off days! But hopefully our experience will be more like the first time we came! If not, we probably won't be back.
2 So my chicken was extremely bland and tasted undercooked, same with my waffle.   I'd say don't get their chicken and waffles because it's just not that good at all.  I thought maybe in Vegas they might have good hearty meals...  ...turns out this place wasn't worth the gamble.
5 Easy parking, killer menu, delicious juice juices, friendly service.  The owner comes to every table and makes sure the experience is perfect.  Can't wait to visit again.
4 Great food and great service! Went for brunch and I had the egg white broccoli skillet and it was delicious. My husband had a special that was deconstructed eggs Benedict that was equally tasty! Not only was the food good it fresh and healthy. Also got to meet the owner who was friendly, funny and gracious :-) I will definitely go back. I look forward to trying lunch and supporting a local business!
5 Most amazing brunch loved the vibe and the cool staff.  It was so welcoming new favorite place
5 I was looking breakfast and found this place on yelp. Glad I did it was really good I have the avocado skillet, grilled cheese and apple donuts. All was very good!!
4 Whether you find yourself exploring downtown or reporting for jury duty (like I was), this place offers quick service and is located within walking distance of Regional Justice Center and caddycorner to City Hall. The service was fast enough that I was in and out and back at my jury seat withing the alotted hour.  I had the hangover burger which is a delicious mess of a burger and so yummy (Not for dieters) They also have super yummy crispy skinny cut fries. All of their food looked great.  This place is small and fills up fast, but turn around was pretty quick. You can also place orders to-go. They also have counter top seating.  Etch-a-Sketch's are available to distract yourself or the kiddos.
5 My second visit won me over! They have flavored lattes and koolaid. The mini donuts are insanely fresh and delicious. And the Hangover burger hit the spot just how a burger should. The egg was cooked to perfection and the yolk ran over the meat and bacon perfectly. I love that you can go all out and eat healthy, or go all out and get fried chicken and koolaid!  The service this time was far from mediocre as I mentioned in my first review. We were treated great and even given a free parking validation slip by the hostess.  They offer a salad that is made different each week depending on what the local farmers market has. And they didn't mind giving me a side salad instead of fries with my burger. The beet vingerette was unique and flavorful. But the fries are a safe bet because I snuck a couple of those too. Overall a great, unusual, addition to downtown and I am glad I gave them a second chance.
5 This place is a great place to start your morning . . . unless you are hung over and don't want to be greeted by the bright sunshine of morning . . . the floor to ceiling window bring in lots of sunshine and really make this place sparkle.  Oh the food . . . I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" with fresh, and I mean fresh squeezed orange juice . . . the food came quick and hot . . . the chicken was crispy and juicy . . . the hashbrowns were good, would have liked then a little crispier.  The only thing wrong . . . and it had nothing to do with the restaurant . . . the pay stations at the parking garage were not working . . . and it took an extra 45 minutes trying to get on with the rest of our day.  I will be back . . . I just need to find a different place to park.
5 This is a great breakfast/brunch option if you are near the downtown area.  The prices are moderate, but the quality and portions justify the cost. The interior is spacious, modern and open. I didn't feel like like I was elbow to elbow with other patrons. I guess traveling to places where real estate is much more expensive and most restaurants are tiny and claustrophobic has made me appreciate the spaciousness of many restaurants locally.    I had the hen house wrap with fries and the red juice. The juice was excellent with a unique flavor inspired by beets, carrots and red pepper. The hen house wrap was a simple chicken wrap that was surprisingly flavorful.  The husband had a plate full of breakfast foods consisting of turkey bacon, hash browns, eggs and spam. Everything was fresh and prepared as requested. The service was attentive without being overbearing. I will be back to sample more of their delicious menu.
5 Easily top 3 breakfast spot in Las Vegas. Incredible service, food, and style. I would give 6 stars if the Benedict was on the menu.
4 Decided to take the short walk from my hotel to check this place out and I'm glad I did. It's cozy (you can see the kitchen staff and give them a thumbs up a after your first bite no matter where you're sitting) with lots of natural light. Generous portions and moderately priced. Has a very Ann Arbor vibe. Coffee was good but not memorable. Ordered the KFC which was tasty and potentially outstanding hangover food (I was sober at the time, mostly) but still light enough to leave room for the Fried Apple Rings which was the real star of the meal in my opinion and the must have item between the two. Worth checking out if you're downtown.
5 I was pleasantly surprised by this place! The food was excellent, I had the hangover burger with an egg, A-MAZING. And the donuts were delightful as well. I really like the look of the place too, really modern. Park in the garage, they'll validate the parking for you in the restaurant. Definitely recommend it.
5 The hangover burger was the. best. burger. I've ever had. I also tried the green juice=for hipsters but good none the less. My 3 year old kept calling my green juice "poop." So there's her review. Haha! My daughter got the kid pancakes, they were delish, and the fruit cup it came with was amazing. Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, apples, and bananas. This place is worth going out of your way to visit. Just beware of the hours-open til 2 or 3.
2 After a delicious first time in, I happily brought my elderly friends in to try the food.  The food was great. The only problem was the staff.  Our server Fred had no intuition or common sense. When we asked him for extra napkins, he brought 1 (1!) napkin. He forgot to get my toddler a drink and when he remembered he brought it in an enormous glass cup. Toddlers are fantastic with large full cups. After our food was delivered he checked on us (duly noted, points given) then disappeared for 45 minutes. I had to ask another server for our check, and she seemed so annoyed that we dared to bother her. As for Fred, he was too busy flirting to pay attention to his tables. I hope he got some numbers.  I understand that hiring a young waitstaff is exciting because they are cute & nice to be around. They can also be inexperienced. That inexperience can come off as arrogance and hurt your business.  I'll be back, when I do my hair & makeup so I can keep my server's attention, but I won't be bringing my friends or family.
5 Such a great experience we had here for breakfast. I was so tired of casino food and the Fremont area and needed a solid (hungover) meal. This hit the spot!! Ate here 3 days in a row and loved everything about it.
5 The food was excellent and the staff was amazing! The chef sent me out a taster of their clam chowder special that day and it was one of the best chowders I've ever tasted. I also loved all the artwork and atmosphere of the restaurant. I will definitely return with friends or family (: (:
5 Great place for breakfast, I have decided to try everything on the menu as I continue to come back.  My favorite is the avocado skillet, and the carrot and coconut pancakes.  I know it sounds strange but it works very well, what amazing taste.  This place is a "Must Try".
3 Food is good. Service is not so good. If you're already in the area its a good option, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4 I came to Vegas with my BFF and wanted some good breakfast. So I went on yelp and found this place. The location is off the strip which I liked and parking was easy.  The place felt cozy and as if we were in nor cal at a health nut place. But actually it was the opposite to healthy. The food was good and well priced. Not too big on the donuts they sell. They were hard and tasted like cardboard.. But on the other hand juice was on point, coffee was good.  Me and the "BFF"will come back again or I will when I'm in the area..
5 Great sandwiches! I got the Reuben - it was really tasty.  It would have been fantastic if it were sliced thinner because it was really tough to bite through. Friends got the turkey melt and the bob.  Both said they were really good.  The pickles are awesome!!!
5 Amazing!! My gals and I came here twice in 48 hours. Great, fresh food. Huge cups of coffee, attentive cheerful service and we voted- cutest chef and owner in Vegas!  Highly recommend. We will be back.
5 I had my typical experience when I try to go to a new area: made a wrong turn, then realized that parking isn't free (a definite pet peeve). Then the food seemed to take a long time before it came out. I started wondering if the favorable reviews are flukes.   In the end, I'm happy that I came.   Everything that others have stated about the food--higher price, but higher quality and portions, are entirely true. The menu is full of interesting, but not necessarily always healthier, twists to typical comfort food. I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken." Boy was it good! High quality meat, gravy goodness, egg on top. Winner!  The fresh juices were pretty good too.  We tried both between our threesome.  Open windows with grand views of City Hall--sexy Posh interior with available plugs to recharge in the booths--sexy $3 parking, even with $1.50 off validation--not sexy, but acceptable Great quality comfort food--awesome  Other than the parking cost, the only downer is that I feel like I need a nap after devouring my plate. Good thing I'm going shopping at the outlets nearby afterwards.   I will be back. Heck, I wish there was one of these near my neighborhood!
5 Great food the decor is modern retro and the service friendly and welcoming!   The special of the day was amazing!
4 Good breakfast, mash browns are the bomb. Good coffee, great bread. Great ambience, variety of breakfast meat in the MTO was plentiful. Find them before everybody else does, and everybody else will!
5 I randomly came here and it was quite amazing.  The atmosphere that this place gives off is very inviting.  With places like this, it makes it nice to go to the MTO.  The food was really amazing I had the Turkey Melt and it was quite exquisite, the ingredients in the Melt tasted really fresh and delicious where I also tried the Fat Elvis and it was greasy and delicious.  I also tried the Apple Doughnuts thing which was interesting because it was basically a healthy doughnut.  The one main thing that I really liked was how fast the food came out as well as the service you receive from people.
4 Very friendly, welcoming place - both wait staff and owners! Was looking for a good breakfast place away from the Strip and we found it. Berry waffles for me, and omelet for the husband. Good coffee too.
5 The food is great! We ordered a wide varitey of food.  The staff is very friendly and there is a great ambiance.  Plus, you can't beat $15 bottomless mimosas!
5 Tried the chicken n' waffles.  Nom nom!  Vegan pancakes on point. Oh. Do. Not. Forget!  get the fried apple rings. Jesssus!  It's worth the weight gain here
5 Once again meeting a colleague for breakfast taking in consideration her healthy lifestyle I chose to schedule her here :) with that said this time I ordered the waffle with berries (12) and a side oh hash brown (2)  Loved it! The waffle was pretty well portioned that I couldn't even finish it, it was fluffy and full of flavor :p the cream and berries complemented the waffle soo well it was even too pretty to eat!..  Loved what they did to those hash brown! Hands down it's very good! Must try it on your next visit! Love this place
5 Located in an older part of LV that is being revitalized. The decor is tasteful and upbeat. Service is very good. Food is great!   Visiting from out of town, our family of five brunched at MTO on Easter Sunday. They take reservations for large parties; I should have checked that in advance. So we had a bit of a wait, but it was totally worth it!  Portions are huge. We ordered 3 meals for the five of us (three teenagers and two parents). The Lemon Poppy Pancakes with the Blueberry Ginger sauce was amazing ($11)! My husband happily found a vegan, gluten-free carrot/coconut pancake option that was delicious ($11). My two teenage carnivores split a three-eggs, chicken sausage, sour dough toast meal ($14). (Again, the portions are huge!)   The diner coffee was delicious. They even had soy milk for the vegans. The fresh squeezed OJ was refreshing. Each beverage was $3.  I would definitely go again when in the area. Plenty of paid street parking nearby.
5 Gave this place a try after seeing the other positive Yelp reviews. The good looking photos of the food and interior didn't hurt either. It's always nice when a new restaurant feels like it could be from almost any urban city. I must say, it feels much nicer in person than the photos suggest. Mainly because of the 14 foot ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows that look out onto the new City Hall. This is a breakfast to lunch place so they close at 2:00 PM on weekdays. We arrived at 1:00 PM on a Tuesday and completely missed the crowds. We were promptly greeted, seated and had out drink orders taken by the enthusiastic waitstaff. Tried to order the Chocolate Chip Cookies with Whole Milk and the Strawberry Cheese Cake, but they had sold out. We did split the Ruben and an order of the Honey Donuts. They were both great. Another pleasant surprise, they serve decent coffee! Personally I would prefer a cup of their coffee over a Starbucks, if only for a change. I am a fan. We will return to try out some other the other menu items that looked good.
4 MTO looks modern and unassuming from the outside, but when you walk through the door the hip décor immediately draws you in, you want to be a regular. Everything is made to order, the way it should be. They have a large selection of breakfast and lunch items, juice, and an espresso machine for fancy coffee drinks. After my first visit, a work breakfast, I immediately returned the following weekend with my husband in tow.   The lemon poppy seed pancakes are killer, I only wished that they had more blueberry compote. I also love their mashbrowns! Crispy on the outside and creamy like mashed potatoes on the inside. YUM! The MTO breakfast seems to jump off the page and land in front of every man I have ever dined with here, it's a huge hit. On the lunch side, the Hen House is essentially a Caesar salad in a wrap. It wasn't a show stopper for me, but decent. I've also tried the Queso Carne. The onions are delicious, again I just wished there were more of them. The Velveeta was surprisingly good, but it was overpowering, they really need to add a bit less to make it work. However, their fries are absolute skinny, crispy, perfection! I can't wait to try a few more things...and become a regular!
5 If your in downtown Las Vegas make sure you stop by here for some amazing food! Went in this morning and got the hangover burger. Wow, one of the best burgers in town! Plus the waitress was really cute too! :)
5 I like it!  I got an brocolli egg white wrap.  I can appreciate the portion of the wrap.  It's hard to make a lot of egg whites taste good, and you guys manage to do so.  Turkey melt was also great.  Those skinny fries are addictive.    Nice addition to downtown, well done.  Great place for a big cup of coffee and hearty food.
4 I love love love MTO!! The food is amazing and the atmosphere is delightful. The only complaint I have ever had is the lag on getting beverages and check backs. You have to pay for parking but they validate for half so it's like 75 cents. Totally worth it!!!
4 In the area for lunch, I was excited to finally get to try this much-hyped eatery.   The interior is modern and open with lots of light and very cheerful decor. We were greeted quickly and given the chance to peruse the menus as our drink orders were taken. I was drawn to many of the menu items that were available, so it took a while to figure out what to order. My mom and I opted to share the Kentucky Fried chicken and eggs (gravy on the side) and grilled cheese with brie and honey with walnuts.   The chicken was great. Lightly battered and not oily. I'm glad she chose to have the gravy served on the side since neither of us cared for it. It was a little too sweet for our taste we skipped it altogether. The hashed browns were great and the eggs were cooked well. I enjoyed the grilled cheese quite a bit. I had hoped for more crunch or char on the bread, but overall the tastes were all very complementary. A little more crunch to the bread would definitely have take this dish to the next level for me.   Service was great and the vibe was just right. I didn't love the parking situation, but since most people who dine here likely work in the area and walk here, I don't see that being an issue for most.
4 What has taken me so long to check MTO out? Better late, than never.    MTO is clean, located near downtown, has a decent breakfast/brunch selection, and the cost is just about right.    What's on their menu?  -Wraps, Omelets, Skillets -Pancakes and Waffles -Sandwiches and Burgers -Salads and Veggies -Desserts and Treats  I ended up playing it safe and got the MTO Breakfast for $14.00.  This came with 3 eggs, bacon, turkey bacon, chicken sausage, spam, mash browns, and your choice of bread.  I got mine with egg whites (additional $3 charge) and wheat.  So what's the verdict?  I got a satisfying, hearty breakfast, and at a great price.  Yes...you get a lot.  The egg whites were just your average fluffy egg whites, but everything else was well prepared and delicious.  I love their mash browns, which is a mix of mash potatoes and hash browns.  If you're a fan of both, then you'll love this hybrid. MTO's motto is "fresh comfort food".  Definitely fresh, definitely comfort food. There's so much that I still need to try and I can't wait for next time.  What's my plan?  Maybe a burger? Maybe their Chicken & Waffles?  Maybe a skillet? I guess I have to come back at least 2 more times to get my food on.  Peace Out!!
5 First time here...got the Hangover burger and a Kool-Aid.  Food was great , service was even better ....even though I showed up 2 mins before they closed.  Gonna be a regular for sure!
4 The music is too loud.  Sorry, had to get that out of the way. I've been to MTO twice during my lunch breaks from work since it is so nicely close to my place of employment. It is certainly a nice place, with a vibrant color scheme and fun TV screens that display cute sayings and funny pictures.   Food is scrumptious and varies between fatty and healthy. You can find a mix of ingredients, interesting and quirky, while also on the menu, you have traditional items to please the crowds.   Last time I was here I had the FAT ELVIS. I couldn't help myself, french toast with bacon, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, peanut butter, and nutella, served with maple syrup. COME ON, even if you don't want it, you have to be interested, right? It was a heaping portion, for $13 and I only ate half. The mix of flavors is decent, french toast was done right, fluffy, not mushy, nice char on the bread, but not over-powering. Bread used it perfect, big and much like Texas toast style. Fruits were fresh and helpful since the meal is so very filling. Peanut-butter and Nutella flavors go well with the banana, but not so much the bacon in my opinion. I would opt to have the bacon on the side.   I've also had the Hen House wrap here, and I believe it's better than the Fat Elvis. Wrap was not mushy or dry. Lettuce was crispy and fresh. Chicken was grilled well and honestly, probably one of the better wraps I've had in my existence of eating wraps. And I don't regularly consume them. Coffee is also good and comes in a nice, large cup.  Bonus - they have PINK lemonade on their menu. Yes, I ordered it. Yes, it was good.   Overall return factor very likely. Recommended for breakfast and lunch.
5 Best breakfast in Vegas. Kentucky Fried Chicken with the mash browns was off the charts.  Don't miss this place!
5 As an expert in good fried chicken, I was compelled to try the Kentucky Fried Chicken. On top of a mash brown and topped with an over easy egg, the chicken was the tastiest that I have had in a long time. This restaurant is the place to be. Wonderful food!
2 Long wait on a Sunday. Food wasn't what we expected. The French onion soup was slimy and tasted more like wine than anything. The tomato soup was really thick and tasted like spaghetti -o's. Water was from the tap. The French fries were cold and tasted old. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing but no one liked their food. We ordered the fat Elvis, Turkey melt, Turkey burger. It was expensive and not worth it.
3 Talk about an interesting location. This restaurant is in the parking garage for the city of Las Vegas. The service was really good the menu is kind of plain.  They have a few breakfast items and a few lunch items.  I had an omelette and it wasn't anything great but it wasn't bad.  It was slightly pricey for what you got.  I wouldn't say no to this place but I don't think you want to go here a lot.
3 The parking here is a pain, I drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a spot. I was annoyed before I even sat down.   This restaurant has a funky vibe and all the employees are friendly and seem to be enjoying their job.   I ordered the hen house wrap with a side of fruit. The oven roasted tomatoes were a nice change from just basic sliced tomatoes. There was a tad too much lettuce but overall the flavors worked well together. The fruit was better than most sides of fruit. Each piece of fruit actually tasted like the fruit and there was not one fruit such as pineapple overpowering all the other fruits.  The person I dined with ordered the queso carne without velveeta cheese. She said it needed a sauce and was expecting it to be thinly sliced instead of cubed meat. The sandwich was supposed to have drunken onions and there were literally three small pieces that blended in with the meat. The sandwich was tasteless until she asked for a side of the chipotle aioli.  I will be back because it's close to my house and all the food seems to be freshly prepared.
5 Tastiest breakfast I've had in Las Vegas. Really pleasant staff and a nice space too. Well worth a visit.
5 New fan favorite!!  We love this place. The food is fantastic. The "Kentucky Fried Chicken" is amazing. My husband devoured the Reuben.  We have been few a couple of times and love the energy here!  Sounds like they will have a new location in Summerlin Centre. This place feels "local". We met Mike, the manager, on our first trip in. Great guy that has a great staff. Next time we walked in, they totally remembered who we were.  That's a great talent to have, especially in a city like Las Vegas, where people are in and out all the time.
2 Slow service.  I got my wrong order. Our bottomless mimosas were soo slow. Though I have to say the food was good.
5 The turkey melt was DELICIOUS! I added grilled onions... So good!!! I got a salad instead of fries, and while it was really fresh and tasty, after I saw someone get the fries I was bummed out that I made the healthy choice! They were thin and crispy... I was very tempted to order a side. This place was so good I plan on going back before I leave Vegas... I have to try the Philly.. and the fries!
5 The scene wasn't really my style and the mimosas were pretty expensive but my waitress was made everything worth it! (Carrie)  . Anytime I'm in Vegas I will def. come back just to see her pretty smile!!!!
5 This hipster brunch spot looked a little iffy outside but I definitely recommend going inside. The hangover burger is out of this world and our waitress was the best. Cary or Carrie (not sure how you spell it) just made my day. She is so sweet and super real. I will definitely stop by anytime I'm in Vegas. I felt like a hungover piece of crap this morning but Carrie and bottomless mimosas just turned that around. Might not be my scene but I appreciate the awesomeness this place throws at you.
5 Great atmosphere, good food and very friendly staff. Local hangout. The Manager, mike is super nice and professional! Really enjoyed our breakfast here and we will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
5 I went with my family, there were a lot of us and they were very accommodating. Our food came out fast and it was delicious. I had the avocado omelette - really tasty. I also had a bite of the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes- really good! Highly recommend MTO!
5 I am all about breakfast! It's my favorite meal of the day hands down. So this is of course perfect for me.   We have been twice and I am severely addicted. I literally crave those darn lemon poppyseed pancakes. It's truly a curse. I gave in to the dark side and there is no going back for me now. Muahahahahahah! I also really enjoy the mini honey doughnuts, although they've been doughy both times. The first time we actually sent them back because they were so undercooked. But none of that stops me from loving every little bit of this place. This last time we went I had the MTO breakfast. Everything was perfect and just the right amount of each item. Of course if you try to finish it all you will definitely be fully nourished.(All depending on your size of course...I ate too much!!) If I remember right it was 2 or 3 eggs, bacon, spam, turkey bacon, mash browns and bread. Oh yah, and chicken sausage which I was not a fan of. Luckily my father in law ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes so I could still get my fix.   The décor is some of my favorite. Very modern and eclectic. The whole place actually has a very LA feel to me. We all enjoyed the atmosphere even though the music was pretty loud that day. I don't like having to raise my voice to someone who is half a foot away from me, ha.   Excellent service both times and great food! I will continue to make it downtown for breakfast as long as they don't get rid of those pancakes. We might have some serious issues if that happens!
5 Most def my new favorite breakfast joint great times good service and AMAZING FOOD I will recommend people to come here and I will b back over and over again to try everything on the menu! Thanks Mike Estrella for everything definitely come back again
1 Something has happened to MTO. The service is not up to par, with wait staff rolling their eyes when you ask a question, or like today when my ketchup bottle was taken away when I was still using it. The manager promised to wipe down the table and bring us utensils, which didn't happen until after our food arrived. And what's up with Kool-Aid? It's a fun drink and yet they never have any. Lots of excuses about why they never have it, but no one ever seems to figure out how to stock it. This is probably my key point: systems seem in short supply at MTO. As for the food, today I ordered the Vegan Falafel, which came in a wrap. Flavorful falafel strips with lettuce, tomato and a vinegrette dressing. It made a good salad when the wrap fell apart with the first bite. I planned to take the leftovers with me. I changed my mind when my go box was a thin paper box with no foil or wax paper to keep it from leaking. I just left the box and the remainder of the meal; too risky to return to work with leaking vinegrette. Finally, my waitress couldn't work the register. Again, systems, training, and a better go box, would improve the experience.
2 I haven't even tried the food. I came for brunch in April with my dog because it states on Yelp that this restaurant is pet friendly. However, the tables outside are in direct sunlight and the waitress informed me there were no umbrellas to provide shade. When I asked for a bowl of water, they didn't have one. So I left and went to Bar + Bistro at the Arts Factory where they have a very dog friendly covered patio and bottomless mimosas during Sunday brunch.  Restaurants should NOT advertise that they allow dogs if they're not willing to make basic accommodations.
2 Dont waste your time. Party of 3 on 6/1/2014 1030am. Parking $2.25 the payment machine was BROKEN dont STRESS the exit pay machine also takes credit cards. The only reason this is a 2 star and not a 1 is due to the fact that the front desk hostess young girl was on point.  * AVOCADO Omelet - TERRIBLE! Why? The Avocados hard as a rock. The Asian male Supervisor stopped by our table asked hows the food? I said taste the rock hard avocado.  He said no thanks are you finished? As he laughed and smiled. My Thai wife was stunned.  * Tap Water is nasty - Chlorine - Asked for 1 water for some reason 2 waters arrived at our table. Hey LAKE MEAD is almost empty slow down on the water wasting MTO waitress.  * Chicken and Waffles - nothing special. Best thing on the plate? Fries!   Here comes the bill aka check... Strange the 4 inch $ 11.00 AVOCADO Omelet still on the bill. I was stunned it wasnt removed by the Supervisor...I didnt want to wait for them to go thru the drama of removing the item so I just left a note on the TIP LINE.... SEE YELP! My wife was crushed she was hoping this place was going to be dreamy. Not a Kitchen Nightmare....  We will never go back...Waste of  time and money.  Parking drama... I approve this message J K KUHL...
5 Great food with healthy options and not so healthy but do yummy options.    Great atmosphere with nice urban artwork and modern music. I didn't feel that the music was too loud.   Good service: The waitresses greet you very nicely and are very personable. When it's busy, the waitresses can be not so attentive at times. However, the manager is very active and keeps it flowing. On a separate occasion, the manager comped my table some mini-donuts.
5 Been in Vegas for over 10 years. This was probably one of the best food experiences I've had living here. Thank you.
5 Breakfast was very good with hospitable service! I tried a scramble and it was very good! Can't wait to come back here & try more items on the menu! The Owners were very nice & both checked in on me during breakfast!
5 The moment we walked in we were greated with a smile by the hostess and welcomed us to MTO. We were promptly sat and our server Kerry was very knowledgeable of the menu and taking her time introducing the popular food items.  The items we chose were the melt and KFC, both were delish and the coffee was exceptional. Great job MTO for putting focus on service and quality to a great product. Will deff be back :)  We're big supporters of small local businesses and want to make sure they succeed and create jobs for our local economy. ...and to those negative Nancy's out there, " if you dont have nothing nice to say dont say anything at all " your parents should have taught you that. Be courteous and talk to someone when you have a bad experience as opposed to bashing them via social media and give them the opportunity to address the issues.  P.s...apple rings are the bomb.com
5 Thanks Ashley, Ben, Mike and all the kitchen stuff for making my daughters graduation brunch amazing!!!
5 Went with my mom and brother. The service was great both the manager and owner came to see us they were very friendly.  They made us some fresh cookies since they were out on the strawberry short cake. The cookies were "melt in your mouth" soft.   We ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a Hangover burger. The clam chowder is to die for I would travel literally to the other side of town for the clam chowder soup. My brother had the hangover burger this burger was like a slice of home all in one burger for a local person this burger was like a loco move exactly but with a bun. We all will definitely come back.
5 My husband and I ate at MTO on 6/7/2014.  I had the Hero sandwich and my husband had the Kentucky Fried Chicken.  Both were excellent.  The KFC had a subtle flavor in the gravy and when we asked the manager he said they add a little bit of cinnamon.  WOW great flavor.  Definitely recommend this place.
3 Loved this place but the service was not so great. Our server basically disappeared on us once our food was delivered. We had to flag a different server down in order to pay our bill. However, food was really good. I had the Reuben which was awesome. Way too much food.  All menu items are LARGE portions.  I would go back if staying downtown. Hopefully their service will get better.
3 Cute little breakfast place downtown. It's got a parking garage right next to it so parking is pretty easy. It is 75 cents per half hour tho but that's given when you're in the downtown area.   The ambiance is pretty neat. The glass windows allow the restaurant to be brightened up.   They have $15 all you can drink mimosas. If I wasn't already hung over when I went here I would of taken advantage of that but instead I just got a water with lemon lol.   I got a chicken skillet which I thought was pretty good. It had chicken sausage, eggs, potatoes, spinach & red peppers. It was the perfect amount to eat. Nieves D. got the Chicken in a waffle Which I thought was a cool idea. She did mention that the chicken lacked seasoning and flavor. But the fries that came with it was pretty good. They were nice and thin and crispy.  I thought the food was good but if I was in the downtown area I'd prolly rush to Eat. for breakfast instead of coming here again.
4 Cute little breakfast spot Downtown. I had the carrot and coconut vegan pancakes. They were really delicious. My mom ordered the salmon skillet which was pretty darn good as well. The staff was very friendly and the orders came out quickly. It's right next to a parking garage so its a convenient location. I would definitely come back again and try other items.
4 Been here a few times, I get the burger with the fried egg on top and it's always been great.   What I like about this place is that every time I go, they cater to my wife and her eating choices. Tho its not on the menu, they always make her a vegetarian sandwich and it makes her happy.   Gotta love a place that serves coke products!!  Also, if you choose to go here, be prepared to eat a meal in one of the loudest settings possible. I can't explain it, but this place gets amazingly loud with a combination of hipsters talking about wearing beanies in the summer or whatever they talk about, a large wait staff taking orders and a kitchen full of pots and pans crashing around. So don't expect to have a good conversation here.
5 I had the Avacado omelet style! It was amazing. The service was excellent and will definitely come here again!
4 Cute little place. Manager greeted us and was so nice and friendly. They had etch a sketches for the kids which was great to keep them entertained. Everyone enjoyed their food. Kids raved about the fries. The only down side was our waitress didn't Crack a smile and was not friendly. She looked like she wanted to b anywhere but there. If we are in the area again we would go back.
5 This place is absolutely amazing in every way.  I've visited here several times and always enjoy my food!  I've tried everything from the Queso Carne to the Mini Donuts.  Everything is fresh, delicious, and made with care.  The staff here is super friendly and truly make me feel like they enjoy coming in to work everyday.  I challenge you to go here, enjoy some Lemon Poppy Seed Pancakes served by their lovely staff and try...just try to not smile for the rest of the day in utter satisfaction and delight.   Trust me, you can't yelpers...you just can't.
5 The hash browns are TO DIE FOR! I loved this place. Everything was delish and also the service was great.
4 I was just there on Friday June 20,2014. I love the KFC for breakfast. The smashed mashed hash browns are great. The chicken crispy but moist. Our waitress was alittle un attentive ,but the manager & his father were gems. The place is a one of a kind & I wait to go there whenever I'm in Vegas. Their menu is nothing like anything close to us. I will definitely be back again.
5 My wife and I ate at MTO on  a Tuesday morning at 9 AM.  When we arrived, there was nobody else eating the restaurant, which is usually not a great sign the food is going to be good.  However, given the many positive reviews we read, we were willing to stick around and try this place out.  We are really glad we did.  My wife and I each ordered the MTO breakfast which was priced at $14; kind of steep, right? No, not really.  When the food came out, it was a humongous portion of food.  You really have to be hungry finish your meal (which I did).  You get three eggs, 2 large links of sausage, 4 strips of pork bacon, 2 strips of turkey bacon, two pieces of spam fried crispy, 2 slices of toast, and a huge order of hash browns.  Again, a lot of food.    I have to say, this meal was great.  Everything was good; we were not disappointed.  If we lived in Las Vegas, we would visit often to try other items on their menu.  One baffling aspect of this restaurant is that they are only open 8 AM - 2 PM.  Perhaps this is because they are surrounded by the city court complex and city hall areas.  However, I think they could do a stiff happy hour business in the 4-7 PM time-frame.  They should really consider staying open later to boost their business.  I have no doubt they would be busy as their food and service is top-notch.
5 I don't usually notice service unless it is outstanding or terrible, but I couldn't shut up about how attentive and alert out waitress was.   After a night of heavy La Bayou Yard-Long drinking, this hit the spot! The salmon skillet was on point, and the KFC chicken is a nice alternative to its greasy cousin, but I feel there is a lot more to the menu -- such as those delectable honey donuts.  Portions were sized appropriately and you will not leave hungry or disappointed. Price was fair for the quality you receive.   PS the beet juice (red juice) is THE BOMB - nourishment with every sip!
5 Few places get an outstanding across as far as both food quality, service quality and comfort. The Food has creative combinations of flavor. Every bite must be savored. My mouth had the pleasure of trying the Fat Elvis, which has bananas, bacon,strawberries,blueberries, peanut butte  and Nutella in between French toast. No need for syrup as it is a mouthful of heavenly sweetness. - I also shared half of the Hangover Burger with the fried egg. Again a mouthful of goodness.-our waitress was sweet & attentive. Not to mention, the owner, Ben, personally came by to check up on us. They also cater to any dietary needs.This place is only a 5min walk from Fremont across the street from City Hall and by far the best breakfast stop!
5 Wow! This place is fantastic!!!! Went here on a whim after the children's museum and so glad we did. This was one if the better restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas. My kids split the chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the waffles were delicious. My wife had the Philly cheesesteak with fries and I had the Reuben. The reuben was the best I've ever had. BEST.EVER.SERIOUSLY. It was made with buffalo meat! Yum! Our table also split the apple rings and they were to die for! I don't know how long this place has been here but I hope it does well. I will be bringing all out of town guests here.
4 I was hesitant at first to come down just because I didn't want to deal with the parking situation down time. The parking garage was a plus, it was only $3 when we went, and the waitress did validate it for $1.50 off, another bonus.   We had a group of 5, one being vegan, and she found plenty of items to order. I ended up splitting the Fat Elvis and the Fried Chicken & Waffles, I wasn't really into the Fat Elvis, but the Chicken & Waffles were fantastic, not the best I've had, but they were tasty. We also tried the donuts and fried apple rings. Both were good, not something I would order again.  There were a few other menu items I'd like to come back and try, the Quinoa Burger looks great. I'll be back when I find myself in need of a breakfast spot downtown, this is way better than eat.
2 There were several good options for breakfast when I checked Yelp for our visit to Vegas (we were staying off the main strip that morning). We decided on this one as it had good reviews and was closest to where we were at.   We were quite disappointed. I feel like they were trying to be too creative and forgot some of the basics. I'm from the Bay Area and have been to plenty of trendy restaurants similar to this, but thought this fell flat. My wife got the Fat Elvis (bananas, nutella, and peanut butter stuffed between two large slices of french toast with strawberries on the side) and I got the chicken and waffles. We basically split the two plates to try them both.   I like sweet breakfast foods, but the flavors of the Fat Elvis just didn't work for either of us. It may have been the combination of the nutella with peanut butter. Aside from that, the actual french toast was pretty lackluster. The waffle part of the chicken and waffles was bland--I can make much better waffles at home. The chicken was fine, but the sauce they used on top of the chicken wasn't that great. I've only had chicken and waffles one other time, and it was amazing there, so maybe the bar was set to high for me. The fries that came with the chicken and waffles were pretty good.   We came in at an odd hour (about 10:40am), so we were the only ones there part of the time. The service was very friendly. But the two meals we got were ones recommended by the waitress, and we just were not fans of them.  For the price (our meals were $13 each), I would have hoped for a lot better.
