1 Worst experience ever. We arrive to Las Vegas airport at 10:45am... I get my shuttle ticket and we wait around 40 min. for the shuttle ... We arrive to the hotel at 2:00pm!!!! The driver took one hour will take us to the hotel on the strip. It was a waste of time We were 4 people and pay $8.00 ea. ($32.00) From the hotel to the airport we take a cab for $17.00 and it took 15 min. to get to the airport.... Don't waist your time and money.
5 I booked my shuttle from the hotel to the airport online.  The website was easy to navigate and they immediately email you a confirmation.    I was done packing early so I waited outside for the shuttle (about 30 minutes before my scheduled pick up time).  The driver was 30 minutes EARLY, just sitting out there waiting for me.    We left for the airport and got there 15 minutes later.  He was very friendly and professional.  With hotel pickups I'm always wary of getting picked up late but this far exceeded my expectations.  I will use them the next time I fly into Las Vegas and will update my review with any new info.
5 I didn't want  to take a cab because:  1. I was traveling alone.  2. Paying a ridiculous cab fare.  Then I remembered the airport offered shuttle services to hotels. With the help of my Yelp app, I was able to do business with Super Shuttle Las Vegas. For $8, I shared a van with other travelers that were going to the same hotel I was. The driver informed us of delays due to road work around the airport. With a positive experience with the van ride, I decided to use the service again for my departure out of Las Vegas.  I called to schedule a pick up from my hotel and paid my fare via phone. I just had to pay $8 plus a fee of $2. Still a great deal than a cab. A shuttle came 15 minutes earlier than what I was quoted. Thank goodness for that since I  didn't have to worry about traffic at the airport. The drivers I had were great and friendly. Service overall was professional and helpful.  I most definitely would recommend Super Shuttle Las Vegas.
5 Awesome service! I was able to book everything online.   If you're going to book online, I recommend searching for a promotion or discount code. I did and saved $4 on a round-trip fare.   From the airport to the hotel, I waited about 10-15 minutes for the shuttle. Once on the shuttle it only took 5 minutes to get the hotel.   From the hotel to the airport, the trip was even smoother.  My pick up time was between 7:15-7:30pm. Even though, I was already outside. Super Shuttle gave me a courtesy call about the shuttle arriving. On time as scheduled.  Side note: The phone number (from Super Shuttle) says from "Phoenix, AZ". Weird, I know. I just assumed it was the Headquarters main line or something. It would be nice if it was a local number or 1-800#.   Last, but not least:, special THANKS to Bre, the shuttle driver, who dropped me off at the airport. She was super cool and had a great personality. We were able to relate because she had just moved from the Los Angeles area, and I was headed back to L.A.   I will definitely use Super Shuttle again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5 Online booking was very easy.  Finding the ticket counter was very clearly outlined in the email I got.  Spent less than a minute at their window and was on the shuttle within 2 minutes after that.  Getting picked up at the hotel was super easy.  Driver was there exactly at the agreed upon time.  Smooth sailing all the way around with Super Shuttle.
5 First time using Super Shuttle. Friendly drivers both directions. Drove in a safe manner. They were early to pick us up at our hotel.
1 Between waiting at the airport and then waiting for all the stops (I was unluckily the 6th of 6 different hotels being dropped off), it took about an hour to travel the 4 miles from the airport to the hotel. Would not recommend - I should've taken a cab!
1 Landing time: 4pm. Hotel arrival time: 5:30pm (I thought I would arrive be 5 but we went to another part of the airport...sat there awhile and then left for the hotels). Really?!?!?!  If I knew it was going to take this long I would a just taken a cab.
5 Very easy on line booking. I could also track the status of the shuttle. Our driver Derick was so curteous.  Thank you Derick for your great customer service.
5 I couldn't be happier with my recent experience going from the airport to the strip and back (in the same day no less). Both drivers were prompt, very courteous, and drove safely. Paying ahead online made the entire transaction a breeze. I'll definitely use Super Shuttle in the future.
1 Hoped this would be easier than a taxi, they told us we'd have to wait only 15-20 minutes. Pulled us out to a shuttle within 5 minutes, only to not have enough room for us. Then we had to wait another 30 minutes for our shuttle. I usually take Showtime Tours buses and will make sure and do that again next time! Not good service at all here :(
1 Ok this is from September 2013 when we first got to vegas (my first time there may I add) I went to the first box office I seen so I walked up and the lady that help me was very dry like she didn't want to be there I looked passed it so again this my first time there so im very new to this. The lady was asking do I need a shuttle back to the airport so I gave her my information for the plane and the time we leave..... Ok when I paid for it and she gave me my receipt something told me to look at it and it had us to get drop off and picked up at the flamingo so im telling my fiancé like I think everybody get drop off there but let me ask so I went back to the window to ask her and she start going off You told me you going to flamingo so thats what I put down im like No I didn't you never ask me about any hotel and my fiance even know she never ask me so she still arguing with me about it I told her all she ever ask me was about the plane number and the time we leave thats all so the lady that was at the next window help me and being very helpful to us to the point she want me to talk to they supervisor about what happen I just said its ok cause it was late and I was ready to get to are hotel and lay down. After the lady was helping us she got us on a shuttle and TOLD the man what hotel we was going to and we even told him again it took us 3 hours to get to are hotel cause he forgot all about us and by the way its a 10 minute ride to monte carlo but I wasn't mad at the driver but it made me more mad at the lady that never ask me where we was being drop off at it was a good first night in vegas lol im from detroit and they would've treated us better than that lady did.... I wish I remember her name but she made they company look bad...... sorry for the run down story lol
4 We didnt use super shuttle but definitely will the next time we come to vegas. Waited for 1 hr for airline inc co shuttle to pick us up from the airport. When the bus finally arrived! the driver got out used the restroom and stood around talking to other bus drivers as we waited. The whole time waiting we saw super shuttle come and go with very minimal customers to pick up. But they were prompt and friendly. We wished we didnt prepay in advance or else would of switched to super shuttle.
5 They did exactly what they promised to do and were on time to and from the airport. Both drivers were helpful and friendly. I will use their services every time I visit Vegas.
5 This is a great transportation system.  The drivers are friendly and helpful.  I would use the service again in other cities.    P.S. Reserve your trip on line
5 Use this service.  I have tried the others and SuperShuttle is simply the best.  Being a shuttle they have to have 15 minute windows but they are spot on.  I had an appointment for pickup from hotel between 1:25pm and 1:40pm.  I received a text at 1:22pm saying the driver "Scott" was 3minutes away.  Not only that they provided a link to go see where the shuttle actually is through GPS tracking.  Very precise.  Will use again.
5 First off I'd like to say I was prepared for a long wait because of other yelpers. But thankfully I was out of baggage claim at 7:25 am and at the hotel before 8 am. We prepaid for the shuttle online and instructions told us exactly where the SuperShuttle booth was. Upon arriving at the booth no one was there. But that's ok because according to our confirmation if the terminal 3 booth was unoccupied, a number was given to call the terminal 1 booth.   The first call went straight to voicemail so I called again and a lady picked up and put me on hold. She was apparently helping another customer. I was on hold for maybe 5 minutes or less (not her fault, I think she was the only worker). As soon as I got off the phone within 3 minutes,  a van pulled up. The driver was pleasant and informed us of one more stop at terminal 1. We waited a few minutes at terminal 1 but I think the person we were picking up canceled (I was watching his screen, it should 3 pickups (my boyfriend, myself and the 3rd party). But then the 3rd person disappeared. The driver apologized and said "I guess we came here for nothing." And then we were on our way. The driver dropped us off right in front of the check in doors, grabbed our luggage for us and walked away without a tip but my boyfriend grabbed him before he left because he was good to us, even providing tips about timeshare people and safety here.
5 Very efficient and a good value.  I booked online just prior to flight departure.  Good directions to get to the shuttle, very short wait and in the hotel in less than 30 min from  landing (no bags).  On departure they were actually a few minutes early for pickup but sent a text telling me they were waiting.  Would definitely use Super Shuttle again.
1 They picked me up from Airport to hotel and I was satisfied with the service, I took a survey and gave a big "Yes" immediately after I arrived at the hotel.  However, the return trip was a big disappointment. My pick up from Hotel was scheduled as 8-8:15am, I got their txt msg saying they are coming at 7:54am. I arrived at the pick up spot at 8:05am, no show of any shuttle for the next 20 min. I called for 8 times from 7:55am to 8:25am, the first 7 got into voice mail and the last one told me the driver left there at 8:10am and they count me as "no show". They even refuse to schedule another make up since they think I am going to be late for the flight. Anyway, I feel it is very unsecure to work with them since when you need you cannot speak to anyone. And their pick up time range is just a joke. I contacted them for a refund, and no answer till now.  I choose this one just because it has better review than others, but truth is that is still not good enough or my luck is really bad.
2 Do yourself a favor and get in a cab instead. I prebooked online and have been waiting in line almost an hour now for the actual shuttle only because I prepaid. Share a cab with someone it's cheaper and quicker.
1 Take a cab. First the manager was an ass. He was standing in the way talking to another employee and blocking the woman who was trying to help me. When I said excuse me and tried to get around he looked at me like I was the crazy one. After I stood for nearly 45 minutes to get one of the two shuttles out front to load up and leave. Regardless that there was a line of 50 or more people, they only load a shuttle when they have an exact number of riders to specific hotels. When I finally left I was the last one off and dropped off a couple blocks from my hotel and expected to walk with all my luggage. A cab would have only been about $5 more gotten me to my destination much faster.
5 Excellent service. I've used ShowTime for my last 4 trips to Vegas, and they were okay... long wait, packed shuttle. I was pleasantly surprised by how quick the SuperShuttle van arrived, how helpful and friendly the driver was and how quickly I got to my hotel. I will use SuperShuttle from now on! Definitely worth the few extra bucks the fare cost for the easy, stress-free ride to my hotel. Started my vacation off on an excellent note!
5 Having just spent a week cabbing on Las Vegas, I was ecstatic about the ride from the hotel back to the airport on Super Shuttle -- clean, nice helpful driver, no credit card OVERCHARGE fee ($3.00 per ride in a cab is absolutely ridiculous).    Retrospectively, should have done this on the way from the airport to the hotel too.  Only wish they were an alternative running to and from conference meetings!
1 We had to wait 40 min. for our shuttle from the airport. The shuttle itself had an odor that could only come from some kind of excess microbial growth in the air conditioner.  For the trip back, the driver arrived and got out a cigarette to smoke. She asked if we were waiting for her shuttle. I said yes, and she proceeded to walk away and smoke her cigarette. I then got a call from the Super Shuttle office asking me to go meet the shuttle. When the driver came back, she claimed she hadn't heard me. That would have been more believable if she hadn't gotten out the cigarette as soon as she got to the hotel.
5 Fantastic, fantastic service. They were on time, friendly, and got me to and from the airport as prompt as anyone could in the Las Vegas hectic-ness. I would absolutely recommend using this service if you're looking for a decently priced, reliable method of transportation in Las Vegas.
5 The problem that I had with my reservation for pickup at the airport was MY problem.  I inadvertently selected the wrong pickup date - 5 days off.  So when I showed up to get the shuttle, they had no record of me for the arrival date.  They professionally corrected my mistake, no fuss - no muss, and within minutes I was on my way to my hotel.  The return trip was faultless.  I received a text that the driver was on his way with an estimated arrival time - which was spot on.  The driver was personable, the van the clean, and the trip was without any incident.  I will definitely use this service again.
4 Great experience and good conversation. Reservation process was easy. Nice to work with competent friendly people.
5 got to the super shuttle check in, checked in and gone within 2 minutes.  trip to hotel was quick and a great and inexpensive at only $8.00.  totally recommend!!!
5 Really great ride from LAS to downtown from Super Shuttle! Very courteous staff, clean van, and affordable. Nikki even had me wait inside (about 5 minutes) out of the heat. Will definitely recommend and use every time I come out to Las Vegas.
5 July 13: Oh no! Subpar skills for checking into my southwest flight to Vegas. I'm the dreaded B-list doomed to watch the A-list pick away at all the aisle seats. Resigning to my fate tomorrow as the middle-seat, I proceed to yelp to find shuttle options. The other companies had terrible reviews with two stars or less-- yikes. Beware. Picked supershuttle based on generally favorable reviews. Paid $16 RT ($8 each way with online discount code from travelocity) with online reservation ($11 each way is the regular price).  July 14: 12:15p Arrive in terminal and walk a million miles from gate to baggage claim, weaving through the land of slot machines.  12:25 Check in with super shuttle counter with a really courteous representative who pulls up my reservation using name. She prints out a receipt, telling me my customer # and that I will be picked up within 15 minutes.   12:26 Receive text message (gave them my cell on the online reservation) with my customer # and assigned van #. There's also a TV screen with a list of customer #s and van #s if you're not getting the snazzy texts like me. God I love technology. And a well run business.  12:41 Van #699 pulls up. Driver begins to hop out to call my number but I beat him to the punch. I'm already van side before he knows it. Board van with 5 other passengers. Caught up on my facebook and instagram news as we weave through the strip. Admire the hotels as other passengers get dropped off. Efficient driver then weaves through the back alleys of the strip to get me to the Paris while avoiding traffic. Also he was a really nice guy. Supershuttle was a great transport option! Glad I chose them.  1:10 Dropped off at the Paris, just in time to inhale all the indoor cigarette smoke of those who kindly elected to trash my lungs on my behalf.
