4 Another local addition to the neighborhood!!!  Originally set to open on October 1st, 2013, Avery's Coffee is now in the "soft opening phase". Husband and wife team Sherman and Linda are the force behind Avery's, and boy do they serve up a pretty tasty cup!  The atmosphere here is cozy and inviting, I also love the sense of family here as we witnessed Sherman explaining and passing down knowledge to his granddaughter about the pour over coffee making method. Future barrista at Avery's for sure!  We had some time to kill before a movie so a cuppa joe and a little story time sounded perfect! Wifey went with a Spiced Chai and I went with a Cafe Au Lait which was very delish! Baked goods, juices, and teas are just a few other offerings you'll find at Avery's. Sherman and Linda are also so very personable, they even were nice enough to offer us a little taste of a couple different beans they were testing out, a Brazilian and a Guatemalan coffee which both had their own unique flavor profiles.  Soooo..."Who's Avery?" I asked....Avery is Sherman's middle name, a name that also runs in their extended family, AND the name of their little "Mascot" who has been included in many of Sherman and Linda's photos of a lot of their travels and life experiences together. He can be found by all of the condiments lounging on the CAFE sign and on the banner outside.  Future events include Coffee and Tea tastings for all aficionados out there! Give Avery's Coffee a try if you're in the area!  ALOHA!!!
5 Very nice place. Coffee is excellent and service is the same! Very clean and well kept. Nice view and a great place to meet friends or business associates. Serves lunch and breakfast items. I recommend to anyone wanting a nice place to enjoy a great cup of coffee. Carolyn Vanzlow
5 If you love coffee and enjoy great service and a friendly environment, then Avery's Coffee should be a daily stop. Breakfast or lunch, this establishment is obviously geared toward the customer experience. I highly recommend stopping in to check it out
5 clean and great service!! a must return for me!!
5 Avery's Coffee is a great place to meet to have a very good cup of coffee. Sherman and Linda give you that personal service that we all want, and their iced coffee is great! If you want a muffin they have a great selection of muffins also.
4 I've decided this is my new work home away from home. Was referred by an interior designer at World Market Center and turns out it's right around the corner from where I live now which makes it super convenient. If I wasn't lazy, I might actually walk here and get some exercise! LOL  Very pleasant surroundings and nice coffee selection. Minimal sweets due to their desire to stay focused on coffee, but the prices are quite reasonable compared to Sambalatte, another neighborhood favorite.   This is currently a secret having just opened, so don't tell too many people because I like having the run of where I sit and plugs to plug into. Just teasing.:)  Expect music on the weekends coming soon. They play jazz and la la music which is relaxing. If you don't like it, there's always headphones...
5 Great place for a  light date, business or personal. Coffee is great, sandwiches are marvy too. . Prices are reasonable. Maybe a greater pleasure is the welcome, from owners Sherman and Linda  to other customers,  one feels quite at home at Avery's.  And if you happen to show up during one of their in-shop events it makes a date better still.  This place is a DW Fav!
5 Prices so reasonable. Owners very friendly. Made feel like a VIP. Didn't charge extra for soy milk like most places do. I like supporting local businesses and this place is definitely something to check out. Oh and wifi so fast. They didn't complain I was here for hours.
5 What i like best about this place is the people who run it!  Sherman and Linda Ray have created a warm and friendly place to grab a cup of coffee, enjoy a delicious muffin or a nice retreat for lunch with a gourmet sandwich.  Fresh, affordable, nice menu, and killer customer service, too!  Great place to do meet a client, friend, or just a place to give yourself time to sit and savor the coffee!
5 Avery's coffee is a family run coffee spot in Village Square that is an absolute gem. First Village Sqaure is awesome because its easier to get in and out of then the other popular shopping center just north of it.  Avery's is awesome as the owners are the operator's and no one gives the type of customer service and care than an owner gives. They have a nice selection of coffee, outstanding chocolate muffins and power strips everywhere so its a great spot to have as your road office.  I enjoy this place because its laid back, quaint and the owners make it a point to get to know you. I encourage everyone to stop for a cup and stay for pleasure of having a nice place to enjoy your cup of coffee.
5 Walked over to patty's closet next door and noticed a new coffee shop had gone up. I decided to stop in and got a soy chai and added vanilla to it, best damn chai I've ever had!!! Awesome little Spot and will defiantly be back So glad it's next to my place
5 Its cold. Its wet. Its Vegas? Well I can tell you were its nice and warm...Avery's Coffee! The Jazz is smooth, the patrons are lively and coffee is flowing! Avery's is a great coffee house for pondering your life (which I do often since I am building the Orangetheory Fitness in Village Sqaure), having a nice conversation between friends (like the two lovely ladies sitting next to me), sharing time with your significant other (like the couple in front of me) or just chatting with the owners.   I really enjoy Avery's and I think they are an incredible addition to Village Square as well as to my waistline if I keep eating the incredible muffins or any of the other sweet treats they have in their show case. I haven't tried one of their famous paninis yet but I've seen several people eating them and they look awesome. Next visit I will try the panini!
4 I did not have any coffee on my first visit, so I will not speak of that.  However, the tea I had was FANTASTIC.  I sampled the almond cookie tea and it was delicious.  The aroma was exactly that of baked almond cookies.  Yum.  Steeping time was about 10 minutes and worth the wait.  The owner said that he orders this tea -- the most popular he sells -- from a local tea blender.  Awesome.    The interior is relatively spartan, the walls more bare than covered with artwork, but the place is clean and the owner super nice.  I was a little surprised at how few baked goods were offered, but perhaps that is a result of wanting to focus on the hot drinks?  In any case, Avery's is a nice addition to the developing Village Square retail complex.
5 Went here after reading all the great reviews.   Avery's does not disappoint. There is plenty of seating both inside and outside. It was nice a toasty inside (thank you for not skimping on the heat) and the homey vibe was accompanied by some nice relaxing music.  I ordered their Masala Chai as a tea latte with soy milk. It was delicious! No powered processed crap! Their tea selection was really original and so good! I will have to come back to try their coffee and food. The owners were so nice and didn't mind that my friend and I hung out in their shop for over 2 hours! It was such a nice vibe that we just took our time.   Avery's is a great place for a date, lunch, or a haven from this cold weather we've been having!
5 Excellent tea tasting lecture. I was so inspired that I purchased the loose almond cookie tea. It tasted better and better the more it steeped. At the end of the day, it was so flavorful. If you enjoy chai tea, you will enjoy Avery's "Almond Cookie.". Service was great. The staff was very attentive. The dishes and flatware were sparkling clean and excellent quality.
5 Saturday morning is a great time to swing into Avery's. Great vibe, very friendly, fantastic coffee and a wonderful bunch that run the place. 5 stars... not one complaint. Will definitely be back!
3 Stumbled on this little coffee house located in Regal Village Square. It's a nice little place with, who I assume are the owners, working the coffee bar. Super friendly and seem to really know their patrons.   I'm generally a Starbucks kind of girl (mostly because they are everywhere and because, after years and years of patronizing  SB on the daily, I am  hooked. I digress...). The house coffee here is really good. Very smooth, not bitter at all, as SB tends to be. May not be strong enough for some but if you like your coffee on the mild, smooth side, Avery's Coffee is the place to go.   The place has a stay as long as you want vibe.  Even has board games which you can gran and play (kids played a game of checkers).  The only downside is they don't have a large selection of food. The kids shared a chocolate chip muffin and really liked it, but the selection was really limited and I'd be willing to bet the food items, at least  the baked goods, are store-bought and resold.   If you want a good cup of coffee, try Avery's.
2 Nice people and service but is not made for real coffee drinkers. I believe that a good coffee is a perfect combination of taste and look none of witch can be found here if u are in this aria and you feel like coffee I will suggest Sambalatte or Caffe Leone
5 Great new coffee shop! The owners are extremely nice. Hope they continue to have a successful business!  Baked goods are delicious!
5 Please go to this coffee shop. You will not regret it. If this coffee shop were near my home I would be here all the time for their hazelnut cafe latte because it was the best hazelnut latte I have ever had hands down. I mean, what is there to a hazelnut latte really? BUT. Avery's is kllin' it!  My friend and I stopped here after lunch to grab some liquid energy for the rest of our day. It is a pleasant little spot with congenial owners working the register and doubling up as the barista of the day. Service was paramount with suggestions and they happily accepted my Yelp deal that is being offered when you check in.  I wish so much this cafe was on my side of town. They would get ALL my coffee-needed business!
3 Coffee is okay. Not great.  Muffin was okay. Not great.  Staff was extremely nice.   The only reason to visit this place again would be to support the owner. I'll probably return for that reason. If I want great coffee, I'll go to Sambalatte.
4 Stopped by Village Square this weekend and found this little coffe shop.  The owners were really nice and cappuccino was good, but not great. I believe if they turn their focus on coffee quality and pay more attention to better furnishing for chairs and tables, this place has a potential to be "the one".
1 My wife and I decided to be adventurous, so we stopped at Avery's.  I ordered a hot mocha and my wife ordered a small coffee.  Sadly, asking for an extra hot mocha, resulting in a lukewarm mocha.  And my wife's small coffee tasted like water and also was lukewarm.  Sending it back, they replied, "O we don't roast our coffee beans, we soak them.  We shook our heads knowing the best way is always Roasted!  So we will not be returning.
5 This place is amazing. The owners are great! The coffee is unbelievable. The prices are about the same as Starbucks by the quality is much better. The setting is awesome! The wonderful author and publisher DW Grant has author night there on Thursdays at six! Friday night there is an live music! Come check it out everyone! Make sure to get the $10 voucher for 50% off! Have fun!
5 Our favorite local coffee spot!  The flat white is my husband's favorite, and I always enjoy the vanilla latte.  (Fat-free, of course...). Great, friendly service with a smile.  We will pass the big guys and pick Avery's every time!
5 Amazing coffee!
3 3.5 stars- very nice coffee shop! This plaza has so much to offer, glad to see there's a good place for a caffeine fix that isn't a Starbucks.  Went in and used $10 credit Yelp deal, was helped by lady owner who was super sweet and informative about what they offered- opted for their cold-brewed tea in hazelnut, an iced latte, and a lemon dome dessert.  Cold brewed coffee was amazing- they brew it for something insane, like 24 hours, and it's specially made to avoid using regular coffee plus ice, which changes the flavor of the coffee itself and is watered down as the ice melts. Owner is clearly very knowledgeable and it shows in quality of product they put out. Both drinks were tasty.  Loved the décor and ambiance of the shop itself- especially the shelves of books to peruse. Signage indicated that books are used available for sale, pricing is found in inside cover. Unfortunately, the two books I was interested did not have pricing listed, indicating that they weren't for sale.  Would come back for a caffiene fix in the area, love that they offer live jazz music certain days of the week. Very chill place to enjoy a cup and some conversation.
5 I sat outside about 6pm and had a good cup of coffee and an amazing sandwich. nice place to hang out.
5 Love this little place. I'm new in town but feel at home at Avery's. You can find me there "working from home". And they pamper my dog each time too. Great treats and coffee.
5 Superb coffee with lots book lovers' browsing material.  Ask the barista to give you a tour of the  brand new roasting machine named Sheila.  She is beautiful.
4 I always enjoy my time speaking with Sherman at Averys Coffee. It's a pleasure to see his shop grow, hear about his vision and passion.  In the short time I haver been in the Valley I have learned that it is the vision and passion of the independent establishments that makes Vegas a gem that shines well beyond the Strip.
5 Friendly staff and they now roast coffee beans on site, which are then used in their brews as well as bagged and sold.  There are a variety of food and dessert options, and there are usually some new dessert options every few weeks.  Yum!
5 Nice joint!  I enjoyed some ice tea, a lemon zest treat and some macaroons.  All were tasty.  Give it a try!
