5 Beautiful new studio in the SE.  First class instructors.  Variety of classes (hot and not), TRX/Bootcamp, Hot Pilates, Yin Yoga, Kettlebell, Trigger Point and on and on.  Pricing is reasonable for all of the variety.
5 I'm still really new at yoga, kettlebells, pilates and all.  In fact, I'm uncoordinated and more than a bit clumsy.  But I have to say -- the instructors at TruFusion Yoga are extraordinarily patient, kind and skilled.  Three of them have even offered me  one on one training. Without exception -- I love every one of them.  Yes, the studio itself is world class. Gorgeous. WIth every amenity imaginable - including fancy lockers like you'd find in a spa.  But it's the instructors that make me want to recommend this place to everyone I know. And even people I don't.  I call TF potato chips to my husband, but healthy ones -- you just can't stop! I've been known to plan my day around taking a couple of classes so I can work in between or visit friends nearby.  My company may be doing work for the studio in the future, but since I'm not officially doing work for them now, I feel comfortable (and ethical) posting this.  Try TruFusion.  Some of the instructors also teach at Summerlin Yoga.  TruFusion Yoga is still in its soft opening mode, with a grand opening planned for November.
5 If you love wellness and yoga, you'll love TruFusion!    After years of attending a wide variety of studios,  here are the things I LOVE about TruFusion:  Environment - the space is warm, inviting, innovative and they have thought of every little detail to make your experience attending a class or workshop more relaxed and enjoyable.   From the reception to the locker rooms they have a great attention to detail.   The heating, technology and space flow are cutting edge.  People  - the instructors are excited to help EVERYONE!   Yes, everyone!  Whether you are new to yoga/pilates/kettlebells/TRX or any one of the other classes that support the wellness of your body, they are welcoming, supportive and encouraging!  Philosophy - wellness of body, mind and spirit are the principles they have incorporated into how they operate their business.  You might call it wellness of the space, the well thought out operations and ease of attending, and their friendliness and graciousness for all who step through their doors!  Oh... and they'll "bend over backwards" to make it a positive experience for you!
5 I have waited months for trufusion to open! Finally its here and its better that i imagined:) They have a  variety of classes to choose from making it convenient to fit your schedule. I look forward to going there every chance i get!
5 Best instructors in Vegas, great facility, great price!  I started doing hot yoga in West LA at a place called Core Power, which is a really great place although expensive.  When I started doing it in Vegas, I found Vegas Hot.  Vegas Hot's facility wasn't as nice as Core Power, but it still had great instructors and I really enjoyed the classes and other members.  As to the instructors, Martin Hinton, Liz Steers, and Danielle MacDonald were my favorites.  So when Martin and Liz left to start TruFusion, I had to give it a try.    Hands down, TruFusion is a great place.  Without a doubt, it is the best hot yoga studio I have been to in Vegas and it is close to Core Power in LA.  Martin and Liz, along with some other great instructors, are teaching classes so I know I'll always leave feeling satisfied with my workout.  I appreciate the clean bathrooms, soap/shampoo/conditioner in the showers, and the unique lockers that are self-locking so I don't have to bring a lock with me.    Finally, the staff at TruFusion has been great.  It really gave me great customer service with my membership, and I'm looking forward to staying with TruFusion for years to come.  You should definitely give it a try!
5 What's not to love about this location?!?  As the previous reviews have stated they have great instructors, spa like facilities, variety of classes and times and price that makes it seem too good to be true!  Martin, Tony, and Liz are awesome instructors!   They were some of my favorites when they taught kettlebell, barefoot boot camp and pilates at Vegas Hot.
5 I have never reviewed a business on Yelp, but felt compelled to do so after I found the most amazing hot yoga and Pilates studio. I've been practicing hot yoga for 10 years now and have worked out at every studio in Las Vegas and Henderson. Trufusion is by far the best studio I've ever practiced at! They offer a wide variety of classes from TRX, to Yin, to hot yoga and Pilates, in one of 4 modern workout rooms. Trufusion also offers free lockable lockers, clean and modern showers and dressing rooms, ample parking, a state-of-the-art booking and check-in system, friendly staff members, and knowledgeable, energetic, inspiring instructors! Prices are extremely competitive. So happy to have Trufusion in Las Vegas!
5 This is a great place I have done boot camps and I thought this would be too easy but the instructors for the TRX and Kettlebells classes push you to the max. I am enjoying the clean locker rooms and the atmosphere. Best of all the price is awesome.   Thanks,   Lorenzo
5 I went there tonight and it was fantastic. Great teachers and wow what a workout. Love the Sundays 4-7 with DJ. Lots of fun. Can't wait to go back tomorrow for class. Teachers have no problem modifying for disabled people and they are so nice. Great workout!
5 Took barefoot Bootcamp with Liz tonight, and it was so much fun and an awesome workout! I love this studio, and the staff is so nice.
5 I can't even begin to say how amazing this place is! Go once and you'll be hooked:) all the instructors are amazing...they truly care about you! I'm so glad I found it! I can honestly say I enjoy going. I've tried a few classes including trufire, TRX, bootcamp, and Pilates and loved them all! I'm so looking forward to the changes I know I will make with the help of this amazing studio!
5 I have been in Las Vegas for 9 years now, and always been looking for a good yoga place. I yet to find one..until I saw this one on Groupon. I jumped on it right away. I thought, I check it out. Wow! I was super impressed when I walked in!  The place is clean, brand new,with 4 exercise rooms. They have showers, lockers, and I was told, they are building a juice bar soon! They have classes all day long! I have taken 4 so far, and today 2 of my friends also signed up-$49/month! Are you kidding me? It's so worth it-did I mention, UNLIMITED? I highly recommend to go to Jennifer Knox's class, she is very good, with great knowledge of Yoga. It seems to me, they got the best of the best here, the classes always full. They have hot pilates, TRX , Bootcamp, Kettlebell classes, just to name a few-I will try them all. The stuff is great!  I leave on the SW side of town, but I do no mind to drive 20 minutes! All of you Yogis should check it out!
5 The best hot yoga spot in town!!!!! This place has a great energy and amazing instructors...
5 TruFusion is undoubtedly my favorite place to workout! I recommend this studio to anyone looking to increase their physical health. There are classes for everyone & the instructors and staff are very accommodating and approachable. I've never been afraid to express the need for modifications during workouts because the idea is to push yourself, but also work at your own pace. **Special thanks to Liz who always has positive energy and keeps her classes motivated!**
5 This IS the spot! Great layout and very chill vibe! Staff is very friendly and helpful and the instructors take their time regardless of your skill level to make you feel welcome.  Highly recommended!!
5 I'm new to Trufusion and absolutely love it so far. I'm so happy there's a great studio  on this side of town. I joined with a few friends and we all love it. Great classes, staff and facility.
5 By far the best yoga studio in town. I love that it has a huge variety of classes: Kettlebells, TRX, hot yoga, bootcamp...the instructors are great, and everyone is helpful and friendly. I love that you can RSVP for classes ahead of time. That being said, you'll want to get there early. Some classes can be packed.   The locker rooms will make you feel like you are at a spa. I have never liked to shower at the gym, but this place is the exception. They have soft water and great products in their showers! I actually look forward to showering there. Oh! They also have filtered water and ice machine, so I just have to bring my water bottle with me. Bonus!
5 I absolutely love this place! Trufusion is such a great place to work out you'll want to go every day and more. All the teachers are so friendly and welcoming. Trufire instructor Ashle' Worrick is amazing! She is so patient and encouraging and you can really feel that she wants to help you improve.  This is definitely the best yoga studio!
5 Amazing variety and flexibility in the classes, you will NEVER get bored here. The instructors are passionate and lead amazing classes. I never leave without feeling like I had a fantastic workout!
5 The wonders of a Groupon. I would have never discovered this place if it wasn't for Groupon.  This place rocks.  Everyone is nice. The locker rooms and studios (there's are 4) are very clean.  Excellent juice/smoothie bar that isn't over priced.
5 This is a phenomenal studio. I have been to to several local studios in the past year trying to find just the right one. This is it. Great staff, amazing amenities. If you want variety and the ability to practice early in the morning or late evening, this is the place for you. I have three classes left on my Groupon, and then I will be signing up for their monthly membership.   As no place is perfect, there are two areas in which TruFusion can improve: 1. The icemaker rarely has ice! I'm sure the machine simply cannot keep up with the demand, but I can't tell you what a let down it is to come out of a hot class dying for some ice and being sorely disappointed :( 2. It might be nice to let people know that they don't own the lockers. I have been to several 5:45 a.m. classes, where there are maybe 10 people there, but almost all the lockers are taken. It seems like people just keep their stuff in there permanently, and it can be challenging to find a locker. Or maybe offer the ability to purchase your own locker for a monthly fee.   Otherwise, keep up the great work. I love this place and will continue to come in and get my ass kicked!
5 Just took my third class with Randel, he is excellent!  I had never taken a yoga class before.  The studio is very clean and has many options.  I also like their web site.  Extremely user friendly.  I would highly recommend this studio...
4 TruFusion is a beautifully modern twist on yoga and boot camp!  As the name implies TruFusion is not your typical yoga studio.  There are a lot of hybrid classes offered here that are based on yoga, pilates, bootcamp, trx, etc.  Many of them are a blend that combine other disciplines as well, though they do offer a few more traditional experiences as well.  The facility is absolutely gorgeous, modern, and clean.  Each room has a different feel ranging from soothing candlelight ambiance, to no-nonsense workout attack.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  While the clientele is fun and laid back...still this seems a bit like a place to see and be seen.   The list of classes displays the abundance of styles offered at TruFusion: Acoustic Candlelight Yoga Ashtanga  Battle Ropes Express Black Light Yoga/Pilates  Hip Hop Booty Pop Hot Power Flow Yoga Hot Yoga Blues KettleBells Kettlebell Fusion Moving Meditations TRX 2.0 TRX Bootcamp 60 Tru Barefoot Bootcamp Tru TRX Tru Trigger Point Tru Yin Tru-acro-yoga TruHot Pilates TruZumba Vinyasa Flow Yoga Yin Fused  ...whats more though is that they roll out special one time classes every so often as well...just in case you needed to mix things up a bit more!  I really enjoyed a punk rock revolution yoga session that was bold and in the face of the man as we flowed to a ton of classic punk!  In addition to a wide variety of classes the facility really is special here...from the classes to the locker room to the entryway, no part was not intentionally prepared to heighten your experience.  Check out a free class you first stop in.  I am partial to the yoga stylings of Jennifer Knox, but there are several great instructors depending on what you're into.
5 I've been taking classes during the 14 day trial period, and this is the very best studio of any kind I have been to in Las Vegas. Teachers are serious about what they do, they are amazing!  4 rooms with classes rotating all day long, literally.  Such a great variety of them as well which keeps things interesting. Very clean, nice inside. Smoothie bar, drinks, nice showers and locker room, great location, fun, light, everyone's nice! Give it a try!
5 I absolutely LOOOOOOOOOOOVE Trufusion. I've taken a few classes here and every time I walked out I felt like I was on top of the world. Great energy! The instructors are awesome and very knowledgeable on pilates, yoga, kettlebells, and everything they offer.  It's a very clean facility, the staff are all awesome, they offer delicious smoothies after a workout. I have nothing but good to say about this place. Must try!
4 I am not a yoga gal.  My body is made for short, intense bursts of cardio or lots of high-intensity kicks and punches.  Long and lean I ain't.  However, being an open-minded gal, I was up for trying a Vinyasa yoga class at this new yoga center.  Located on Eastern (at Wigwam), TruFusion offers a wide variety of classes -- yoga, kettlebells, boot camp -- in a sparkling environment.  The check-in process is easy: slide your membership tag over the scanner, choose your class on the sign-in screen, and get into class.  The staff person who walked me through the process was yoga-perky without pretension.  My actual class was fabulous.  Even I could tell that the instructor was legit; if her amazing, freaky flexibility wasn't a clue, the way she would monitor each person's position and alter body alignment was a huge giveaway.  I learned that "vinyasa yoga" is all about breathing and flow and, in this specific class, both of those things were practiced in a *slightly* heated room (I'm not sure about the exact temperature, but I'd guess it was around 85F).  Despite my misgivings as a TOTAL yoga ignoramus, I really enjoyed my class and felt amazing afterwards.  Holding all the positions and focusing on my breathing actually gave me a workout (yes, I was a skeptic).  I would purchase a membership if I didn't live on the complete other side of the city.  (I believe that auto-pay memberships are $50/month with a one-time activation fee.)  Boo.
5 I absolutely LOVE this place. I have been going for about two weeks now. My husband has signed up with me after I raved about how fabulous it is. I have not found another Yoga studio that offers yoga, hot yoga, TRX, and pilates all in the same facility. The teachers are amazing and the staff is so polite and friendly. We will definitely be sticking around for a long time.
5 I am in love with the studio. Let me just start this off by saying that first lol! I have not taken too many classes here but everyone that I've taken has been amazing. When you first walk in, the staff always greets you with a smile and that really gets you excited to take a class. The rooms are well kept and don't smell moldy or musty. The lockers are my favorite thing because you don't have to worry about keeping a key with you. Did I mention there's free water if you bring your own bottle? With the addition of showers, snacks and equipment rentals, this place seriously has it going on.  They have a huge variety of classes and they are all not in heated rooms. I am very much a beginner, overweight and not flexible. Why are those details important? Because im never made to feel like I can't do it and everyone is always SUPER encouraging. If you've never taken a hot yoga class, drink TONS of water before. Don't rush and do what you can. I also suggest taking a Tru Yin class. There is a lot of floorwork and It feels like a massage when you're done.   Seriously, I've been to several yoga studios in Vegas and ive never loved one as much as TruFusion. Everyone is down to earth, friendly and motivating. Im doing the 49.99 annual autopay and it's worht it. Im taking another class tonight. I suggest you check them out!
5 I hardly ever write Yelp reviews but I LOVE Trufusion. I've taken Pilates, Bootcamp, Battleropes, TRX, yoga, and Yin. All of the classes have been amazing. Instructors are knowledgeable and motivating. The overall vibe is great.  You won't be disappointed and I guarantee that you'll get hooked. I go at least 5 times a week. I just can't stay away!
5 This studio gave me hope and made me fall in love all over again with yoga. From the great location to the very friendly staff, I cant help but to want to come here almost everyday. There are many classes offered and the best about it is there is classes all day. I work on the strip so having a large and flexible schedule with all types of classes is a major plus. The teachers are attentive, you can tell they are passionate about what they do. They take the time to correct and explain the poses. Ive never been so excited about a place, I would highly recomment dropping by and trying a Vin Flow class I guarantee you'll feel amazing after!!
5 Love the classes very beautiful space. Most of all accommodating staff. Thank you.
5 My favorite studio!  It's gorgeous and clean with a great staff. There is no hard sell for memberships...unlike some other studios. And no smelly floors!!!
2 I'm on the fence for meh-I've experienced better,  and a-ok.   Soooo.......2.5 stars.  My MIL has been going here frequently and has been telling us how great it is. She told my guy and I to create accounts online before coming to the class at 7pm tonight.   I made sure everything was okay online, and we arrived at around 630. No one at the desk greeted us. There is a large shaggy dog parading around the studio..........unleashed..  There's no sign saying "loose dog" or "beware of dog".... Good thing I'm not afraid or have allergies....?  This really reminds me of a sushi restaurant more than a work out center. They have clothes on the wall, along with all kinds of accessories for sale. They have a hip little juice bar, and I think they might sell snacks.   We waited around, and we felt like the kids in gym class getting picked last. No one spoke to us, no one even looked our way. We finally saw my MIL walk through the door.  The brunette who signed us in didn't feel even remotely friendly. I don't even think she smiled at us, or say "hello". We paid, and headed to put our shoes in the cubbies.  We walked into the warm room, and thankfully it did not smell like bikgram. It's the weirdest thing to me... Everyone socializing, on their phones, before the instructor entered. I found it weird, because there were still students in resting position, still actively practicing.  I felt completely out of place. There was just a crazy flow to it. We sat in the back. The instructor was playing music. And it was random. Drake, pharell, reggae, rock and roll. I could barely hear any type of instruction.  Some of these girls looked like they belong on the pole. Seriously, they would make millions with the moves they were pulling.  Overall, this class and this place is just not for me. Feels more like a nightclub when you walk out of class.. big plastic boobs and ass hanging out.. Meh.   Thanks but no thanks.
5 I've never been to TruFusion before today. It came highly recommended from several friends. I was so happy that I went. I took 2 classes, intro to yoga and hot Pilates. Both were really great. I love how clean and modern the studio was. They provide lockers that have their own lock which I thought was awesome for some reason. They also have a juice bar which is very convenient. If you're a local and provide ID you can sign up for $7 for the week and try as many classes as you'd like. ;o)
5 Yep, just when you thought Las Vegas couldn't possibly fill (or need, for that matter) another hot yoga/pilates studio, here comes TruFusion! And wow... does it make a splash! I live and work in west Las Vegas, but gladly drive across town to TruFusion, specifically for Heather S's classes. The studio is modern, clean, NEW, large, comfortable, and very positive. Heather's classes are awesome... she's one of those teachers who actually cares and has passion for yoga... not someone who just spits dialogue and goes through the motions. She clearly lives what she teaches, which is the only way for a teacher to be genuine! TAKE HEATHER'S CLASS!!!! See you in the hot room!
5 I never loved getting my butt kicked so much!!!  The place is immaculate and every instructor rocks!!!  there is every type of workout your body needs.  THIS STUDIO DOES IT RIGHT!!!
5 Definitely love coming here. A couple friends of mine joined, so I decided to give it a try. Man, I'm hooked!   Their offerings - yoga, Pilates, kettlebells, trx, battle ropes, trigger point, and bootcamp. I've tried most if their classes, and have enjoyed them all. I stole through every yoga class, but the instructors I've had have ask been very encouraging and not judgey. Love, love, love the TRX class as well as the battle ropes. Haven't had s chance to do any kettlebell classes as there are none offered on my days off (Thurs, Fri) or in the early mornings before I have to go to work. Hopefully, as the business get larger, they'll add more classes.   The facility itself if very nice. It's always clean. The locker room was a nice surprise. They even provide shampoo, conditioner, and soap for those of os who shower there.   Overall, a great place. It's a twenty minute drive flute me to go, but well worth it. It's only fifty a month, out 400 annually. First timers can also get their first class free, or their first week for seven dollars. Give it a try, you have biting to lose (except for some unwanted weight)!
5 I absolutely LOVE this place. Super affordable, great variety of classes to choose from and all the instructors are very knowledgable!   My favorite class is HOT PILATES with LIZ. She is so fun and very encouraging.   Only $49.99 a month with no contract! This studio is seriously the best!
5 I LOVE this place. I started coming since November after I got 2 free Classes from Mark. I noticed they had a groupon and bought it to see how much I would actually go.   I already had a membership at LVAC and I personally enjoy lifting weights on my own but I immediately fell in love with the class aspect and having someone telling you what to do was a really nice change of pace for me. I was in a rut at the gym and right around New Years they had a 14month for 399 deal and I bought the year knowing I would absolutely get my moneys worth!   I frequent Liz and Martins classes the most. However, the schedule has changed 3 times since I joined and I am a creature of habit and frequently go at the same time every day. The first schedule change they canceled my absolute favorite class (Kettlebell & battleropes). I consider myself to be very athletic and that class challenged me mentally and physically EVERY TIME! Needless to say, I was super sad, but okay, it's just one day a week.   The next major change to the schedule moved all of my favorite classes to ~1hr later in the morning. That made things a little harder, but I loved my instructors so I was willing to go with the flow.   I have to say I have had 3 separate very frustrating run-ins with one of the owners there, Luke. Something must have happened because I no longer see him there and the other owner is fantastic and extremely approachable. Regardless, the instructors kept bringing me back even after those confrontations and it is the single best thing they have going for them. Liz&Martin are fantastic.   Aside from the fabulous instructors their studio is super modern and they have lockers for you to use when you are there. The showers are so convenient with shampoo, body wash, and conditioner.
2 Caviat: This review pertains ONLY to the vinyassa flow yoga classes, and I am a yogi who is interested in the mind-spirit-body connection that yoga provides in addition to the outward health benefits.   Trufusion's take on yoga taps a familiar trend of teaching yoga like a workout class - more contemporary music, less focus on holding poses, more movement and less spiritual connection. They, like many other studios in Vegas think it needs to be 85+ degrees to practice yoga. I am soooo tired of trying yoga classes in this town and ending up sliding all over my mat because the studio or instructor thinks yoga can only be practiced in heat "to properly warm the muscles and prevent injury." I have been very athletic throughout my lifetime and have always been able to perform without injury in weather that was cooler than 85 degrees. How you may ask? By warming up! Ujjayi breath is designed to warm the body from the inside, and since when is it bad to do some light work and stretching to warm up before diving right into vinyassa flow? Sliding out of a pose because you're perspiring will cause more injury than a lower temperature I promise you.   As great as you are at inner concentration the spiritual side of your practice is hampered by the frustration of not being able to hold poses and worrying about sliding into an injury, and listening to the loud music from the hard-core workout classes in the room next door. Would 75 degrees and some warm-up be a bad thing? Is everyone in such a hurry that we can't take 10 minutes to warm up? I am not opposed to sweating in the least, but I go to the gym regularly to soak my clothes - not the yoga mat. I really don't understand this trend at all, and if anyone has any enlightenment to share on the subject please do. In the meantime, if you like sliding around and struggling to hold poses, like many people apparently do these days (especially the younger crowd, check out all the 5-star reviewers here), vinyassa at TruFusion is definitely for you. Just wear a long shirt and long pants, or plan to break your practice many times to dry off with a towel if you want to hold poses and practice comfortably. Or you could just not give 100%, but then why go in the first place?  Update - Raised to 2 stars as the instruction seems sound, but the vinyassa instructors I've had so far (Alicia, Jennifer, Randall) all LOVE the heat - though Randall's class is a little less intensive and closer to the floor so you are able to stay below the blasts of hot air from the heating unit above. Heather's yin class is in 85 degrees as well, but slower so not as bad.
5 My friend got me a 5 day pass to this place and I'm hooked to hot yoga, pilates, kettlebell, and other classes offered. My 5 day is up so I'll be getting a year membership that's beneficial for me on obtaining my health and well being goal for 2014.
5 Safe. They made me feel safe. And for an old white guy - That is huge!   The facility is awesome. Well planned, well executed. I haven't tried all the instructors - but Liz is awesome! It was a large class - but I could tell that she knew that I was new - and that she wanted to keep an eye on me. Perfect - Yes, as an old white guy, I needed the extra eye to ensure that I survived the class!   The classes are great - and after one week, I'm starting to feel the results!   I highly recommend TruFusion!
5 AMAZING. Absolutely love this place. For pilates and barefoot bootcamp, Martin and Liz are unreal. Janelle and Mark teach an awesome TRX class. Strongly recommend that you arrive at least ten minutes before a class.   One of the reasons I love this studio is the number of classes they have in the day. I can go to the 5:45 and 6 am classes or hit the 7:15 and 8:30pm classes depending on my schedule.   On top of the great instructors and class times, it is also really affordable. Especially compared to other studios nearby.
5 I am scared to write this for fear I won't get into classes anymore, but I love this place so much. LOVE it. Amazing teachers, amazing facilities, amazing schedule that works for EVERYONE.  It's also an incredible deal.  Only thing that would make it even more perfect would be if they had an 8am hot pilates class. 6:30 is a little rough for me, and sometimes it's hard to get there after work... that is literally the ONLY thing I could possibly suggest and that's just me wishing.
5 Everyone here is awesome the instructors the people that frequent the place. This was my first experience with hot yoga or pilates, i also enjoy the other classes such as bootcamp and TRX they are awesome as well. I have done a lot of different fitness regimens in the past and this is by far the best thing i have ever done both for mind and body. I did the 7 days for $7 to start and after my first 3 days i knew i was signing up for the year. I will be signing up year after year after year!!! I have seen the results from my efforts faster than any other form of exercise i have ever done. Im addicted!!!
5 I'm hooked ... and I've never been the type who liked to work out. I've joined numerous gyms and only ended up going for a week or so. But this place, I can't stay away! It's a brand new facility with a "sanctuary" vibe to it. They offer an amazing variety of classes, and each teacher has a different routine  so you'll never get bored. I feel challenged every single workout however none of the classes are too intimidating. For 49.99/mo with no contract, you can't beat that!  Absolutely LOVE TruFusion!
5 This place rocks my world. Where to start? The studio itself is absolutely amazing...it's like walking into a spa. There are four separate classrooms. Three are heated and one is not. Hot Pilates and Bootcamp are held in a large room and they can get pretty packed later in the day, but I think that makes for a highly energized class. TRX, Kettlebells and Battle Ropes are held in a slightly heated room but you barely notice it. The TruFire, Power Flow and TruYin are held in the highest heated room and you get an amazing sweat in while increasing flexibility. Yin, Ashtanga and Vinyasa classes are held in a non heated room and it's a beautiful relaxing atmosphere.   You can tell each teacher truly loves what they do, and they want you to have the best experience possible. I can't even pick a favorite because they are ALL so absolutely wonderful. They each bring their own vibe and energy to the class so it's always new and exciting.   Everyone is so friendly and accomodating and eager to help. You absolutely cannot beat their prices. Their class schedule is amazing... sometimes the hardest part is trying to pick what class I want to take at a certain time...   This place is an absolute dream!
5 I'm in LOVE! UNLIMITED??!! WHATT??? I can go workout crazy! I'm a girl from Los Angeles. I've been to so many studios and this one is by far the BEST! They offer so many different classes, many I can only get there. Plus the studio is gorgeous and smoothies are amazing. They definitely have a member here for life.
5 Beautiful studio! Offers many different classes at almost every hour. The instructors are awesome and passionate about fitness. They offer variations for beginners and advanced students in their classes so you can either get through it or challenge yourself. A few of my favorite classes are Barefoot Bootcamp, Hot Pilates, and TRX. If I'm not at work or at home, you'll probably find me here.
5 I never thought I would like yoga but the fact that there are so many options and times for classes makes it so easy to get up and just go. The teachers are all awesome and I can't wait to try all of the classes they offer!
3 I had a bad experience with the staff but had a great conversation with Liz one of the instructors that is also in charge. My focus is to get great customer service and not a deal. She did just that! She apologized, honored my purchase and more plus made me want to go back and sign up for a membership.   Thank you for taking the time to call me and change my perspective on how your business is run. She gets how to treat people and has great communication skills. For that , I will try tru fusion again !
5 This place is kind of  like my second home Lol. I love it here. The instructors are the best. Liz is so encouraging and kind. Everyone makes you feel like family. The place is always clean. The workouts are tough and challenging.  I like how there are so many different  classes.
5 I have been going for few months now to the studio who has some of the best teachers in town Jennifer mark Randell Elizabeth. And many more not in the same order who are just amazing teachers  Lots of classes  Very clean  Very friendly staff The best in Vegas in my eyes  Well done guys !!
