5 Food is awesome I had three different kinds of tacos and they were all really great! I'm so excited this place is opening love having great place that serve me quick right by my house! Definitely go try this place out. People are cool too!
5 I cannot  xpress how much I love this new place!  This place rocks over Chipotle‼ They treat their Employees as Well as Animals this Great Respect‼  The Caring Homie Atmosphere is Such a Pleasant Reminder What it is to be a Whole Human--  Their Kalua Pig and Huli Huli chicken, Seaweed Soaked butter Rice,  Mango Roasted Corn, Tomato and Maui Onion, Purple Cabbage, charred Pineapple Verde, Bean Sprouts, Guacamole Bowl was the Best Bowl EVER in Las VEGAS  PS The Coconut Bark was EPIC
3 I was really excited to see a Hawaiian Restaurant opening really close to my house..man what a disappointment...If you're looking for a traditional Hawaiian Eatery then this is not the place. Dont get me wrong the food is good and the workers are friendly but if you want Hawaiian food then you're better off somewhere else. If you want a burrito or taco then come try this place. Its stuffed with Hawaiian Style Meat along with a fusion of toppings.  Kind of reminded me of ordering food at Chipotle. Good luck to this business..   Sorry I dont think I'll go back even if it is across the street.
5 Drove by a couple days and was very intrigued. We came here for dinner tonight to try out this new locally owned Hawaiian-Mex fusion restaurant that has very similar layout to chipotle . As you walk in you are greeted aloha and asked if you have ever eaten at this restaurant. We said no they give us a couple samples of the 3 meats to choose from Kailua pork, steak, and chicken if you don't eat meat there are veg and fish options. But all three meats were amazing!! The pork and steak were my favorite. You can choose burrito, bowl, salad, or 3 tacos. I got a bowl since I love rice and I don't care for tortillas. I got the seaweed rice, half Kailua pork and steak, roasted corn salsa, pineapple verde salsa, cabbage, bean sprouts, sour cream, jalapeños, couple squeezes of lime and cheese. And drizzled pineapple hot sauce it's was delicious and I really didn't need the cheese for next time. The customer service was amazing everyone was so nice and friendly. We will definitely be back.
5 Good fresh food.  Not authentic mexican hawaiian food but a decent fusion.   I had the chicken, pork, and steak taco.  All meats were very good.   I tried all the salsas and they were all good as well. The pineapple one was probably best. Would have liked more options for maybe a salsa fresca or similar.   Otherwise everything was great.  Would have been better if tortillas were made fresh on site but they were still good. I liked the whole wheat taco tortillas.  Most places dont have whole wheat option for tacos.  Staff were all very friendly and helpful.   Will definitely go back.
5 I love this place it's like being home on the islands and the owner is such a wonderful person with lot of Aloha ...Thanks so much for bringing Bradduhs to Vegas it's better than Chipotle. ... Mahalo
5 Came here over this past weekend for some dinner. Upon arrival the place didn't have many people in at all, but this was probably because there are no signs really indicating this place is here (that can be seen at night anyway).   We were a party of 2. When else walked in were immediately greeted by ALL employees behind the counter, that was awesome. And it was a genuine greeting, not sounding forced like some other establishments. The gentleman serving us immediately asked if we had been there before, which we told him we hadn't. He then offered us up a sample of their meat choices which were all equally delicious. After that they showed us around the good bar and our choices.   Now this place reminds me a lot of chipotle, but with Hawaiian style meats and Hawaiian infused sauces and salsas. So if you're going in expecting a traditional Hawaiian eatery, that's not what you will find. You will find a chipotle like concept but with Hawaiian meats and Hawaiian hospitality. I got a Kailua Pig bowl with just about every topping AND seaweed rice, was delish. The bf got a beef byrrito (I forte the name of the meat) and he had that thing gone in about 1 minute. My cooking doesn't even fly off the plate that quick.   I am a huge huge huge stickler for customer service and this place has it down. I really felt important and like I was their own customer. So much so I added $5 to the tip jar on the counter which was over flowing with evidence of their outstanding customer service to others. When we sat to eat we witnessed them treating everyone with kindness. And even the own came out and said hello, and shook our hands and thanked us for coming in to eat and told us he appreciated us stoping by. Who does that's anymore?!!?!?!!? I was floored. The guy who took our order comments "man he is the best boss, I love working for him".   Now if this is all an act...they're pretty good. But I don't think so.   Thanks for the outstanding customer service Braddahs! We will be back for sure!!   Love love love this place.
5 This place is great! Love that they opened one in the North West. Now I don't have to drive all the way to Sahara & Rainbow for some Braddah's :)    It's like Chipotle but BETTER and with Hawaiian meats. The Kalua pig and chicken are my favorite but the steak is good as well! Just like at chipotle, you pick burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. Choose your choice of rice which is brown w/ seaweed or without. Then choose whatever toppings you want.   Make sure you try the Coconut Bark! Also ask for their different sauces to try with your food!
5 Right as I walked in, the staff was very welcoming. They provided me with samples of their meats which were excellent and on point.  I ordered the Huli Huli Chicken bowl. They gave good sized scoops of the meat and sides. First bite in, I knew I couldn't get enough!  The environment is very chill and relaxing. Then staff keeps the restaurant clean and well maintained. I'd give customer service a 10/10! Definitely coming back here soon.
5 my first time here today, service was fast and friendly. they let me try the meats to see which I liked most. all was delish. I had a beef bowl and enjoyed it a lot! I will be back. great vibe, great food and great service!
5 Ordered the pulehu steak in wheat tortilla. Hubby had the fish. Deeeelish! And service is so friendly :) Our new favorite place. Looking forward to our next visit.
5 Today was my second time here. I barely got of my car and the owner, was like "Welcome back!"  WOW, not that's AWESOME!!  As soon as you walk in you get the same greeting from everyone. When you get to the counter they ask if this is your first visit or a welcome back. The first time I got the corn tortilla tacos and had the 3 different meats. Chicken, pulehu steak and kalua pig they will pile on the toppings. Today I had the salad bowl with chicken.  Even though I've only been there twice, it's very good. And "NO" it's NOT authentic Hawaiian style plate lunch.  I would say this place has a Chipotle concept.  So...call it LocoMex :)
5 Great food and super friendly service. My friend and I walked in with our brood, and the guy working the line proceeded to make us a bowl full of samples of meat for everyone to try. All of them were great.   It's set up "chipotle style", full of unique Hawaiian flavors. The charred pineapple verde was DELICIOUS and adds the most unique flavor, without being weird. The guac was superb, couldn't have been better. They even have bean sprouts, and you can't go wrong with those.  They also have these little bottles of sweet sauces. One is pineapple mango jalapeño (mild) and the other is raspberry jalapeño (medium), I believe. They're sweet and packed with flavor, def worth a try.   I forgot to grab the coconut bark, but that just gives me a reason to go back. Not that I needed another one!
5 So my first try here and can't pass by some new pig. Had some errands to run and didn't want stuff to get soggy and they had no problem putting the pig in a bowl so I could make the tacos later. Sweet. They let me have a few samples and the steak and chicken were great but give me that pig!! Mahalo!
5 We ordered two bowls, two burritos. They were all great. The bowls are bigger than they seem and they stuff it. Same with the burritos. Everything tasted great, not a bad price by any means. I misordered one of the bowls and they were more than happy just to add the other meat to it. They were really nice and gave us samples of the 3 types of meat they offer as soon as we walked in. First time there and we will definitely he returning.
2 Came here because I was curious as to who was now occupying the old Slidin Thru space...  Very friendly people, offered a sample of the meats so I could decide.  The pork was very good, reminded me of what you would get at an actual Luau in Hawaii..  The steak? Not so much....   I chewed, chewed, chewed until the piece of steak lost its flavor and I felt like I was chewing on meat bubblegum. I choked it down and decided steak wasn't my thing.  Chicken was good but not any different than what you would get at Zaba's or Chipotle...  Ordered a Pork and Chicken bowl, the black beans that came with it tasted like they literally came straight out of a can, no seasoning detected.  The portion also seemed small for the price... I get about twice the amount at Zaba's. enough for dinner and leftovers for lunch, even though the bulk of It is cheap rice and beans, I feel like I am getting a good deal when I can have two meals for the price.  Probably wont come back, sorry
5 Great customer service, everyone is so welcoming and such a good vibe. Food is fresh and delicious, so many options to customize your own meal. Overall an amazing place for a quick bite :)) plus a drive thru!
5 I love this place! We were greeted as if they've known us forever! Then, they immediately gave us samples and they're meat was just soooo delicious! Everything was very fresh! They must have just sliced my jalapeño! It was that fresh! My husband and I will be back that's for sure!
5 My friends recommended I go to Braddah's. I'm a big fan of taste, texture, colors in food and Braddah's had it all. Since I was a first timer, they offered me all four meats and it was terrific. I ordered a whole wheat burrito with seaweed rice (brown rice) with Huli Huli chicken. It was amazing! Also, they had several homemade sauces to taste with your meal. I liked the pineapple lime and raspberry sauce.  And most importantly, the staff was amazing. The manager, Josh, was friendly and attentive. He made certain that our visit was satisfying and our stomach desires fulfilled. The rest of the staff was smiling, friendly, and also attentive. The place is overall very clean and chill with the music.  Definitely coming back and might just bring my whole family! :-)
5 As a regular at the original location on Rainbow, I'm very happy that their newest location is in Centennial Hills since it's much much closer to my house! Braddah's is open inside of the old Slidin' Thru space and is usually farily empty when I've walked in. For those who have never been to Braddah's, it is best described as a Hawaiian style Chipotle where you can create your own burritos, bowls, salads, and tacos with Hawaiian flavors and ingredients.  Customers are always greeted upon entry and they'll always ask you if it's your 1st time here. Say yes and you'll get samples of their most popular proteins including Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig. Then you will have to decide whether you want a burrito, bowl, salad, or 3 tacos. Once you decide that and pick your protein you get to choose any of the ingredients you want on the line except guac and grilled veggies which are an additional charge. Even their salsas here are Hawaiian themed such as mango & roasted corn, charred pineapple verde, and tomato & grilled maui onion! There are also bottled sauces avaiable if you need an additional kick but I've never tried them.  I usually get a bowl since you seem to be able to pile on more toppings which means more food! I really recommend their coconut bark and chips and guac here as they are pretty darn delicious, but you'll need to share because I can never finish these extras on my own on top of eating my own bowl.  The staff here is always very friendly and they'll come over to check on you during your meal if you're dining in which is an awesome and friendly plus!
5 Absolutely loved this place. I drove by on my way to my doctors appointment and saw the sign. I was so excited and always to try their place across town but never made it there. I decided to swing by after my appointment.   As soon as I opened the door I was greeted with a big "aloha". For a second there I thought I was back home. They gave me a sample bowl right away and asked me what I though of the kalua pig. It was Ono!, but since I was making it myself for Easter I went with the chicken and the steak tacos. I loved the fact that I was able to order 3 different kinds with my order at no extra charge.   The food was very favorable and very filling. I will definitely be back to try other menu items.
5 As a first timer here, I was pretty excited to hear about this place from my friends talking all about it. Dropped by with a couple friends to eat after having class in the morning. We were greeted and asked if it was our first time here. We then got to try out the different meats as samples! Kalua pig, Pulehu steak, Huli Huli chicken. Kalua pig was the best considering the flavor! I got a bowl as opposed to a burrito so I can get more of everything. Double Meat on Kalua Pig, every topping available. Certain toppings cost extra.  Drink and tortillas on the side.  Josh and the rest of the crew took care of us! Sample of Coconut Bark to end it off. Too fuego!
4 I noticed Braddah's Island Style by driving around, I wanted something different for dinner and wanted some place new to try. Glad I stopped by here to try their food. The workers were really friendly and asked if we have ever been to any of their locations my husband and I both said no we're newbys. The gentlemen handed us a bowl of the different types of meat they have to try. We both instantly fell in love with the pulled pork. I ordered the salad with pulled pork and it was delicious and filling.   Think outside the box and try this spot!
5 I could literally eat this food for every meal. It's like a much better version of Chipotle; better spice, better salsa and fresher ingredients.   The Huli Huli chicken is insane!! I crave it every day!!  Do not forget to get the chocolate coconut bark!!
5 I drove by here last week, and my fiancee was actually the one that noticed it. After seeing that Slidin Thru was gone and Braddah's was in its place, we were both immediately intrigued. I got on Yelp and checked out the reviews, and was happy to see that they were amazing. Well, we decided to try the place out for dinner today, and I gotta say...the great reviews are justified. As soon as you walk in, you are immediately greeted by the employees, and they ask if you have ever been there. Since we never had, we obviously said no, and the girl helping us gave us samples of the three meats they offer: pork, chicken and steak. The pork was good but tasted like typical pulled pork...but the chicken and steak were damn good. The chicken has this nice smoky taste to it, and the steak is tender and has a touch of sweetness. We couldn't decide, so the worker told us that you can mix the meats if you would like...how awesome is that?? She also let us sample their different salsas...the green pineapple one and the corn one were both really good, so we mixed those in as well. The rest is pretty much an assembly line setup were you pick what you want. You start out by choosing either a burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. From there you just throw in whatever you want. It was a really great experience and I hope the place sticks around in this location because it is just plain awesome. The customer service was great, the food was delicious (and filling...a bowl is enough for two meals!), and the coconut bark is a great way to wrap up the meal. Nothing better than salty sweet chocolate toffee goodness to end a tasty dinner!
2 I came here for the first time they the drive thru--the popolo girl that took my order was rude. She also forgot my coconut bark, so I went in to get it. She had some attitude when I walked in and showed her my receipt. She just kept asking me if it was in the receipt. I said I just went thru the drive through and she repeated it back to me, to which she asked if it was on the receipt that I was showing her-she saw it and gave me the bark with no apologies--just attitude.
4 I've eaten a few times at the original Rainbow location and I think this location has improved on some things that was a problem at the other one. So far out of the 3 times, everything was seasoned.  I've felt items lacked flavor at the other location as they were very shy with the salt. I'm usually moderate with salt so if I think it's bland, it means its not being seasoned at all..   I come for the kalua pig as that's the best meat option they have. It's tender and nice light smokiness to it. I've had the chicken and that was pretty standard grilled chicken and the steak has a soy, sugar and almost cinnamon flavor to it. I havent tried the fish option yet. I dont really like going vegetarian here as I think a lot of the flavor comes from the great kalua pig so I only go meatless at other similar spots. If you aren't sure, ask for a sample of the meats.  I like that they have crunchy items like bean sprouts and cabbage to offer aside from standard lettuce as I like that much better.    The only thing I wish is that they had a spicy salsa. The diced onion tomato salsa is supposed to be spicy but hasn't been. They do offer sliced jalapeno and habaneros though, but it's not the same as a sauce to fold into everything. I love my stuff spicy so I would pour on all three!   They're always really friendly here and fast with service. My only other critique is that they close a bit early, it says on their site they are closed at 9pm.   I like that it gives us another option here in the NW so I welcome it.
5 The bomb! Great food and awesome friendly staff! :)
4 Bradduh's is basically a Hawaiian style chipotle. I really enjoyed my first visit here. I was greeted immediately as I entered. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. When asked if it was my first time I was offered samples of the meats. I had a killua pork bowl. Although it was a tad salty on it's own (when sampled) it was perfect combined with everything in the bowl. If you're looking for traditional Hawaiian food then this isn't quite the place to go. If you're looking for a good, fun fusion then this place is worth a try. I'll be back.
5 This place is great. The steak is so sweet! The raspberry & jalapeño sauce is really good. It is weird that veggies are extra though.
5 Awesome food!!!!! Was waiting for the new Durango location. Cooper and Josh are super welcoming, felt like I was in Hawaii. Like every other review have to get the coconut bark for dessert.
5 We tried it last night for the first time. The food is amazing, it's simple but you have lots of options. They have their own hot sauces that compliments everything on the menu and everything in your fridge. We couldn't leave without buying a four pack to take home. There are few places in town that have service and over the top friendly staff that seems to come natural to these guys, some places seem like they try to hard and it's forced. Not here they all seemed to love their job, I thought they were all partners/owners. I can't wait to eat there again soon.
5 Wow, is really what I have- from the great tasting food to the awesome customer service. We actually sat and visited for quite a while, great spot for that too. Priced conveniently for daily visits if were closer for me. Tastes true to the style, the employees are so friendly, and will most definitely be returning.
5 My BF and I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. We absolutely loved it! Very refreshing and unique menu.  Right when you walk in the staff greets you and give you a sample of the meats they offer. I went with the steak and my bf went with the chicken Loved the food and the service was awesome! Very friendly and upbeat staff! We will be back very soon!
5 I've been here 3 times since I discovered this place two weeks ago. I love it! I'm not a big pork or steak eater but I tried both and I'm hooked!  I've had the bowls and salad. Met the owner once and he's super nice! Customer service is top notch and the coconut bark is awesome! I love that they were willing to make my daughter a quesadilla since she wasn't interested in anything else.
4 Chipotle style.. But better ingredients! Get the bowl with Huli Huli chicken and kalula pig! Also if u like spicy, they have shredded habanero chips! Gives one helluva kick!! Def delicious and will be back again.. And again
5 Give up chipotle and starting eating at braddahs. Not one bad thing to say about this place after a handful of times dining here. The sauces are awesome: rasberry jalapeño, cocunut and habenero. The steak is really top notch sweet Hawaiian in flavor.
5 First time here and I love it. Can't come closer to true hawaiian style food. So 'Ono! Customer service is at 5 stars also. They make you feel welcome and they all share the aloha spirit. Will definitely be coming back!
5 After getting hooked up with a fat bowl of meat samples, I proceeded to get double chicken in a bowl with seaweed rice. The chicken has great flavor and all the toppings meshed nicely. Shout out to Gabby, David, Nitro, and Josh (GM) for great service and kind words. They even gave me free coconut bark (BOMBdiggity) for turning in a customers wallet left on the ground. Without a doubt Braddah's is the convenient, healthy, quick food option we all crave but have trouble finding in our culture. Without a doubt will be coming back and bringing amigos!
5 This place is amazing! The staff who attended us at this location here (Josh &the GM David) were so helpful in introducing the concept they were very attentive and genuinely interested in sparking up a conversation with us. Thanks guys!!!   I had the huli huli chicken burrito, topped it off with the essentials and threw some of their delicious pineapple mild sauce on top. This was our first time here but definitely not our last.
5 I don't get over to this side of town much but on the way home from camp, the little mouth was hungry and I recognized the name from the Duchess' checkin.  We were not disappointed.  The staff was amazingly friendly, starting us off with a sampling of the meats and an explanation.  The little one (not so little at almost 10 years old) got a burrito with the Kalua Pork and I got a steak bowl.  The seaweed rice was excellent and the mango corn salsa gave it a nice flavor.  The big hit was the pineapple jalepeno hot sauce.  I don't just hand out 5 star reviews but when a restaurant does exactly what they are supposed to do they deserve it.  They aren't a fancy dining establishment but I really cannot think of one thing I would change about this place to make it better (ok I would move it closer to my house.)
5 Love, love, love this place! Everyone is super nice, food is always fesh, flavors are unlike anywhere else in Vegas. Mmmmmmm
5 OMG! Totally delish, but better yet, they have great gluten free options! The Kailua pig and fish are gluten free.  It is nice to have more then one choice.  I had Kailua pig on a salad bowl. The kicker was the seaweed rice in it. Everything was fresh and tasty.  If you are looking for something different then the norm, you gotta try this place.   PS although not gluten free, my table mates said the "Bark" was to die for!  I will be back for sure.
5 The employees were very welcoming and pleasant. They had us try the different meat they offer - the steak was my favorite! I had it as tacos with seaweed rice and pineapple salsa...yum yum yum! Even their coconut and chocolate bark was great for dessert. Glad they have a drive-thru for added convenience. I'm totally hooked!
5 Exceptionally friendly service, fresh ingredients, and a new twist.   I decided to visit Braddah's at the suggestion of a coworker and was glad I did. After I walked into the very clean and cheefully decorated restaurant, I was greeted warmly and offered samples of the meat choices (fish, chicken, steak, and pork). I ended up getting the fish burrito. The seaweed rice added a nice twist to a Mexican favorite. Black beans and grilled veggies really made the generously-stuffed burrito a savory treat. The fish was flaky and mild and the various toppings added the bulk of the flavor. Looking forward to sampling the staggering number of combinations that the entree/topping choices provide.
5 Great service, gave us samples of their pork, beef & chicken when we walked in. My favorites were the chicken & beef. That's saying a lot because I haven't eaten beef, except an occasional hamburger, for many years!  We both got the tacos & they were delicious! Their coconut bark is really good too!
5 Amazing Coustmer service! They have us samples the min we walked in. There pork is so delicious. And there coconut bark is something to talk about...salty cracker bottem topped with toffee then followed by a semi sweet chocolate. The then topped with coconut and a pink Himalayan salt it makes you want more. I recommend this place to anyone who loves food :) and island  food at that.
5 What a great find! I was offered samples of their chicken, steak, and pork right as I walked in; which were all delicious. We had the burrito with pork and tacos with steak to go; excellent service and a clean atmosphere. I will definitely be returning to try their other items. Highly recommended! This place has great flavor and a unique twist to the usual places you find everywhere.
5 Place is so so soooooo good!  Nice change around here. The COCONUT BARK is a MUST try. I thought the small box was enough. I was clearly wrong lol.  All the unique salsas and sauces nom nom!!
5 First time but definitely not the last! So I only had experienced l&l Hawaiian food before and thought it was terrible. I saw Braddahs when coming out of the 7-11 and went in for a menu. I was asked to try the meat and boy was I hooked! I ended up grabbing my husband who was waiting outside and we tried a pork burrito and steak bowl. Wow.. Between the awesome staff and the excellent flavoring in the food with their fresh toppings (omg all the salsas are yummy!), this is a great place for not only the food but the people too! Oh btw, THEY CATER!
5 All I can say is WOW! Amazing service! They have repeatedly given me the best service of any drive thru I have been too. The khalua pig is by far my favorite and most delicious meat on the menu. Way better then chipotle or zabas. Best in town!
5 Love this place! The service is always great, and so is the food. Huge portions. The seaweed rice is a must. We go in about once a week and love it every time. They are always so welcoming! This time we got coconut bark for dessert and it was SO good!
4 I would probably give this place 3 stars if they weren't so darned friendly!    Here's what I love about Braddah's: - The service.  ALWAYS super friendly and accommodating!  - The seaweed rice.  Very unique (and yummy) flavor. - Their chicken and pork.  The steak is too sweet for me, but I love their chicken and pork.  Very flavorful and tender. - The coconut bark.  Man oh man if I didn't think I'd blow up to 400 lbs, I'd be in there buying this stuff every day.  Soooooo good.  Here's where I think Braddah's could use some work: - The tortillas.  If they made their own tortillas, or even just bought higher-quality tortillas, their tacos and burritos would taste 100% better.  Until they figure this out, I'll only be getting a salad or a bowl. - The salsas and sauces.  The regular tomato-based salsa is pretty ok, but I haven't been impressed with any of their other salsas or sauces.  Blah. - Pricing. It's nice that their pricing is simple until you realize you are paying the same price for your little salad as you are for a giant burrito.  And since I really hate their tortillas and will only get a salad or a bowl, I feel pretty jipped.  So there ya go!  Will I go back to Braddah's?  Yes.  Can they make some big improvements?  For sure.
1 The service was very friendly, offered samples which was nice but the finished product not so happy with. We had the burrito with puleho steak. There was more vegetable than meat. The vegetables were largely sliced. Burrito fell apart with the second bite. Had to eat the rest with a fork. And the kahlua pork as a burrito with beans and cheese and all the makings of a burrito??? I don't think so. Never had kahlua like that. Didn't enjoy it for the price we paid.
4 This place is the Hawaiian Chipotle.  The service was outstanding, as we had many items for takeout and they were very helpful.  All the ingredients are extremely fresh and tasty.  The steak and Kalua pigs were excellent, however I found the chicken and fish a bit bland (that cost the 5th star).  Overall; a very good place to get fresh, tasty takeout that is a little out of the norm.
5 I make the visit to this location every time I work in Centennial Hills. This is my favorite location, just seems so much cleaner than the one on Rainbow!  Love the drive-thru and also their Hawaiian "Chipotle" concept! 1) You pick from bowls, tacos, salads or burritos.  2) Your choice of meat : Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish or Veggies.  3) Your choice of Brown Rice, Seaweed Rice, Veggies or Beans.  4) Your choice of Mango & Roasted Corn, Pineapple Verde, Tomato and Onions or Guacamole 5) Extras to choose from Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, Cilantro, Bean Sprouts or Sour Cream. They have chips, sauce/vinaigrettes, and also their infamous Coconut Bark.  The two visits here, I've ordered the bowl with Kalua Pig, Brown Rice, Mango and Roasted Corn with lettuce and cheese! I find it so easy to eat right before going to work!  Hawaiian food done semi-healthy!  The drive thru is so quick and the employees were very helpful and patient when I was clueless on how to order, also very nice!  I'll be here every 3 weeks, because that's when it's my turn to head to Centennial. Must try if you're in the area!
