5 Diyas second location is just as amazing as the first on Sahara! The girls are welcoming and experts at what they do. Their prices are great and the outcome is even better! I always recommend Diya to all my friends. They also do facials, waxing, and eyelash work.
5 I bought a Group-on, to try them out for the first time.I am very happy with the outcome and the service they provided. I think they are amazing. At the end of the threading they have some relaxing music playing and they give you a little head message. I highly recommend them.
5 Seriously LOVE these ladies here at DIYA!!! They are amazing and know how to make your brows look even better!!! They are brow experts, i never leave disappointed! I even dragged my boyfriend one day and now he loves it!! Thank goodness i DON'T have to pluck his little brow hairs anymore :) LOVE IT LOVE IT!! THREADING IS THE BEST!!! LOVE YOU LADIES!!!
5 I have been going to Kassy and her sister Diya for the past 4 years now !! Ever since the first day I came across these two ladies at the mall, I haven't gone anywhere else!! I absolutely love Kassy she is one of the best around town and I mean that she will make your eyebrows look and feel brand new :D now that she is closer to my house with this new location it's no excuse to stop by more frequently :) Five stars hands down!! If your looking for great quality work ..good laughs and warm welcomes then this is the place for you. So stop by :))
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! One of the best threading places in Vegas, and I've tried a few. Cassi and diya are my favorites. They make threading easy and painless. They always get my eyebrows just right. I love them! I'm so happy they have this second location it's closer to my house. Their customer service is superb. They always greet you and make everyone feel welcomed! Definitely give them a try I'm positive you won't be disappointed :)
5 I've found my new threading spot.  Located right down the street from my house, Diya also has a great Yelp check-in offer, $7 for eyebrow threading.  Not only that, but the day that I went in for the first time, I recognized one of the gals who worked at the threading place I normally go to; she works for Diya now--lucky me!  I didn't have to wait, the threading was quick, and I got a deal, plus a stamp card where the 10th threading is free.  I'll be back when the brows need to be tamed again.
5 Great place!  Very clean and they're very kind and sweet too.    They do a nice job and actually listen to anything you might ask - like please don't make them too skinny! :)  Prices are reasonable which is always a nice added plus!  I'll definitely be back!
5 I am very critical when it comes to eyebrows and this place is my favorite thus far. Both locations in Vegas are amazing. They use a softer thread as well which makes the threading experience extremely tolerable.
5 They did a great job on my brows! I knew it must be good because the waiting room was packed when I walked in. The girls are super nice and great at what they do! Will be back for sure!
5 I will be coming to this place to get my eyebrows done again, lady very fast and didn't burn me with the threading.
5 I went in at 10am on a Sunday.  I was probably the first person of the day.  When she finished, there were already four people behind me.  I didn't catch her name, but she was friendly, took her time, and I never felt like I had to go through an elaborate explanation of what I wanted.  I simply asked not to look permanently surprised and just clean with a nice arch.  When she was finished, I was very pleased.  I used to go to Patel's, but Diya Eyebrows is right down the street, and like what another reviewer said - it doesn't burn as much.  Also, the cotton ball and soothing astringent they use after helped so much as I get red so fast.   I'll be back!  Thanks so much!
5 LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Gita is great at what she does. Clean environment, great energy, great prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 I came in on a Saturday morning right around 11:00am and there was about 4 or 5 people ahead of me.  Slightly worried but still determined to try this out, I decided to wait.  Glad I did - I had my eyebrows and upper lip done, paid and out the door by 11:40am.  Not too shabby!  Geeta did my threading and she was very nice and quick.  I have always done my own eyebrows via tweezing, but kept hearing great things about threading from my former roommate.  Well, she was spot on - this was much less painful than tweezing and the results came out great.  The astringent used afterwards did not sting at all.  Having my upper lip done was a little funny because you have to put your tongue under your upper lip to kind of "pop" it out so it is easier to threat, but again Geeta was really fast.  I probably looked horribad while she was doing it, though. -xD  My eyebrows look the best they have, well, ever!  It's kind of exciting to see such a great improvement in something like that.  Eyebrows are just kind of there and more of a hassle for me than anything - as long as I don't have a sausagey unibrow, I'm fine.  I now know better and look forward to more trips in the future. -:D
5 This my new favorite threading spot. Its so clean and the staff is so sweet. Very inexpensive for a full face treatment unlike the other places in town. I highly recommend this spot over any other in town. Their hours of operation are also very accommodating and location is so convenient. I think the best part about this salon is that same people are always here. Consistency in the staff is always good.
5 The minute I found out Diya was opening up a spot right down the street from my house I was so excited! Normally I'd go to Diya at patels to get my eyebrows done but then she left and opened up her own spot on Sahara this was an issue because I loved her work just didn't love the drive but who wants ugly eyebrows right.?gita is my favorite now she is always so friendly and picks up conversation with you the minute you walk through the door.def my go to spot.
5 Kinda want to just keep Cassie all to myself and not tell everyone how great she is but I know how it feels searching long and hard for a good eyebrow threader! Cassie is awesome and always does a good job on my eyebrows. She keeps them thick and long and always listens!
5 I think I found my new spot! There were 2 ladies ahead of me and they were about to close..When it was my turn, she still took her time and was very polite..Its clean..love the setup inside..best I've been too!!
5 Best eyebrow threading I've had in a long time! I was greeted, which is a plus for me. Service was the best! The one who helped me did an excellent job on my eyebrows. I wish I had gotten her name because I would share it, but she was on the far left. She was so friendly and chatted with me the whole time. Usually threading hurts a lot, but this time it was honestly painless and I hadn't gotten my eyebrows worked on in 5 months. I will definitely come here again. I found them on Groupon, but I am definitely willing to pay the difference in the future.
5 I've came here before to have my eyebrows done, but today I came in and got my eyelash extensions done for me and my daughter, though I was Nervous they came out great! I'm back in less than a hour and now bringing my mom to do hers. Will come back again definitely!
4 This Saturday was my first time coming in! I previously went to the same lady for quite some time but she closed her shop so I was a bit hesitant but in desperate need of getting my brows threaded. I was immediately acknowledged & greeted by a technician named Diana. She stood out because she was Hispanic. She was very professional & asked me some questions about my experience with threading & the shape I wanted. I was happy with this detail because usually the middle eastern techs just start in. Diana was amazing with great technique! I've been getting my brows threaded for years & so I know good technique.  I hardly felt the pulling & she got all my in grown hairs out on my chin as well! She's a seasoned technician & I highly recommend her services! The shop was clean & it's a great location. The only awkwardness was there's no separation from the waiting area so people are staring at you while you are in the chair. At one point a little girl interrupted my technician for a tissue. But Diana was so patient & at the end of the day it's all good! I was in & out in no time! Also great prices!
5 Great staff. Clean facility. Fast and super price. I loved how my brows turned out, and the technician was gentle and I experienced minimal pain in comparison to trips to other facilities.   I'll definitely be making this place my regular stop.
5 I have bounced around eyebrow threading places in Las Vegas.  But I somehow find myself here not only because of the proximity to my house but also because of how great they do my eyebrows.  I could tell it was also a great spot because when i went in on a friday there was a line but of course eyebrow threading goes by very quick.  Cassie, the owner, is the sweetest person and does a great job.  I also had Diana, her newest threader, do my brows and they turned out great.  Usually when I go to a place, I want the same person but here, you can go to anyone of them and they will do a great job.    It is also a great location, facility and staff.    Definitely will recommend this place to other and be a regular.
5 When I first got into having my eyebrows threaded, I found myself hopping from place to place until I found MY spot. I even tried out this other place just because of the name lol. My first time going into Diya was definitely my last time place hopping because these ladies in here are not only great at what they do, but they are always extremely pleasant. Geeta and Cassie of course stole my heart but I knew this was my spot after my recent visit this past Sunday, there was a new young lady in there (I'm so sorry I forgot her name). She was very pleasant as well and did a pretty good job. The prices are reasonable, I don't feel like someone is trying to murder me by thread...it's actually become very relaxing to me. Cherry on top...it's right by my home!!   HIGHLY recommended!!
