1 This is a nice place where to get dry chat or organic ashish (mota) straight from Ethiopia, the only thing you got to do is just say special ,, they will bring it to you with special rape up thing ,,
1 Based on their website (cool, fun images, happy hour pricing, selections) we thought it would be a good place to check out. The place was definitely clean and decorated nicely. We came on a Thursday night and it was semi-packed. The guy working the bar seemed like it was his first day and had no clue as to what they offered. Our charcoal wasn't replaced even once during our stay. On my way to the bathroom, I ran into our server and had to ask her to change our charcoal and she said yes. She never came. Minutes later, another lady popped in asking if we were ok, I said we need our charcoal replaced. She appeared to be an owner or manager or something as she walked over to the area behind the bar and talked to someone, then came back saying someone will be right out. No one came. We decided to just walk to the bar area to pay our bill. We were the only two Asian guys in the entire place and I'm led to believe that had something to do with it as one server changed the charcoal in the booth to our right, blatantly skipped us, then did the booth to our left. If you're not one of them, I don't think you'll be treated well in this place. We sure were not.
5 I didn't think this place was bad at all.  THe live music was fun...I went here this past Friday for a birthday.  We had bottle service and two hookahs...the ambiance was decent, i thought the parking lot was a little shady but once I walked inside it was cute and I saw our server frequently throughout the evening
1 Horrible place ...unpleasant food, bad service, and the base of the music is so f**king annoying ...poor neighbors...I hope they will close this restaurant soon... I will never go there again... They don't even know how to take care of their customers...
3 Nice set up and clean. It didn't seem like some of the serves spoke English too well. The atmosphere was very relaxed. I saw a flyer that said they played a variety of music, personally I came for the reggae. I stayed for about an hour and a half. I think I heard maybe 5 songs. The establishment seems to cater to the African/middle eastern crowd.    Update:   I returned again Friday night and it was MUCH better. The crowd was more diverse and more people. The music was better.  I will return again even though I do not smoke
5 Great place, it's very relaxing and well decorated. They have a good service and a friendly staff. Best hookah and exotic foods too.
1 Visiting Vegas from Phoenix and hoped to fit in some hookah. Both Yelp and The signs outside CEO  said they'd be open. Sadly, they were closed!
