5 CPR came to the rescue when my daughter's iPod that she got for her birthday broke the first day she had it. They solved the problem with reasonable prices. The staff was extremely friendly. They even put on my daughter's favorite show on their TV while we waited. If you have anything wrong with your phone or electronic device, take it to them. They will get it fixed!
5 This place was awesome! I had a broken Galaxy Nexus that wouldn't charge and they re-soldered it and did everything they could to get it working. They are extremely knowledgeable and will show you what's broken. In the end, the charging port was fried, but they sold me an older, used phone on the cheap to hold me over until I can afford a new phone. I got scrap value for my old phone, and they activated the replacement for me. Really great service and attitudes!
5 They are awesome!!!  This isn't one of those sketchy cell phone places.  I have a nexus 4 that the screen cracked and it became totally inoperable.  I went online and saw that this was not a routine fix.  It was pretty much past the price point of fixing it and rather getting a new phone would be the better option.  Well not only did they do it much cheaper than anticipated they also did it not only in the same day but less than a half an hour too!!!
5 Do you know what happens when you drop your cell phone and it lands the wrong way? Of course you do, why else would you be searching for cell phone repair companies?  Mine took a dive off of an end table and landed on its side.  The phone still worked but the display was shot. I could see some spiderweb cracks under, not on, the glass and thought, "uh oh".  Well, "uh oh" was an understatement. One of the more expensive repairs you can have done to your phone is break the LCD. That's what I did.  I was told it would take 3 or 4 days to fix the phone because they needed the part. They were kind enough to give me a loaner and transferred my phone number to it.  To my surprise, they called the next day and said they got some LCDs in so the phone was fixed and ready to pick up.  Nice, friendly, and very knowledgeable people.  BTW, my phone now has an Otterbox Defender case - yes, the phone is bulkier now but I'd like to avoid the repair bill in the future.
5 I'm writing this on behalf of my brother, who was home on leave from the navy this past winter and came home with a smashed screen on his Galaxy S3! Although the screen was somewhat functional, the touch response would diminishing and parts of the LCD were starting to bleed so it was time for a replacement. We went in and we were quoted a price up front and just a couple short hours later my brother's phone was looking and functioning like a brand new device! The staff there is extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and I've recommended them to several other friends and colleagues that have used them with great result. Great job!
5 Great communication from this store. Very knowledgeable and friendly! Would definitely recommend to friends and family.
3 I e-mailed to get a price on my cell phone repair for a lens replacement.  I was quoted $99 but when I arrived at the shop I was told $149. They said I had e-mailed the wrong model.  Hmmmmm......I e-mailed the model number so I am not sure how that happened.  They did a good job replacing the lens.
5 I used CPR Cell Phone Repair yesterday to get my iPhone 5 screen repaired.  I was very happy with the service and the price was comparable to other repair shops I called in my area.  They told me my phone would be done in an hour and gave us a call to let me know it was done.  They also offered to put a protection screen on the phone for an extra $30.  I opted not to do that but I thought the owner was offering it to help me out against future screen cracks rather than being pushy.  The location is very convenient, it is right off the 101 and Indian Bend between Target and Ross.
5 Fantastic customer service, knowledgeable technicians, and they bend over backwards to get the job done right.  I've had my:    1. GPS navigation system repaired    2.  My son's X-Box had a "red ring of death" and they repaired that and added a fan to keep it cool    3.  They also put a tempered glass on my Samsung Galaxy S3 mini and who knew what a difference it could make.  It doesn't get smeared as much with my make-up and your finger just glides over it not to mention the fact that it protects your screen if you drop it!  The application of the glass is great...no smudges or dust underneath, I would definitely recommend!
