5 Comfortable atmosphere, friendly service. Price versus great food... a most try if nothing else! Twice in one day and family loves it
5 Loved, Loved, Loved the Gouga Mac& Cheese!!  Better than Mom's, shhhh. Our server was so nice and attentive, the atmosphere was great. You HAVE to check out the sinks in the bathrooms, creative and cute design!  Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the mac & cheese creations they offer!
5 Great place. Relaxing atmosphere! Family loved the food. I had the cheddar Mac it was a little bland but then tried my husbands dish and it was delicious!! Kids loved it and my son was raving about their meatballs.
4 - Decor -  Even as I was pulling up to the restaurant in the complex I was getting giddy. I could tell just driving by that the decor and ambiance itself is something I'll fall madly in love with. And I was right! Their style is how I want to base my whole life around! My future home, my product labeling (if I were to sell something), my coffee shop (if I were to open one), my clothing store (if I were to somehow build one), my children. Yes even my children. I want their whole being to somehow represent this simple, minimalistic, vintage style. It was a beautiful day and they kept their doors open, but even if they didn't this restaurant is very bright and spacious with simple accent pieces to make it more elegant. For example, the chalk art on the walls, and the deep burgundy booths. LOVE LOVE LOVE!  - Ordering -  You order at the counter and they give you a number marker. They have special deals everyday! On Saturdays they offer a $7.99  lunch special - side salad or soup, 1 piece of garlic bread, and a build it your own pasta. You get to choose the pasta and sauce but any additional toppings is extra charge. Ze boyfriend went with the Smokehouse Mac and ordered Cauliflower Gratin. As you finish with your order, and you walk towards the tables, you can see a small section of  fresh produce piled like at the grocery market behind the counters and they also keep their working space very open so you can see the cleanliness of the kitchen.   - Food -  The food didn't take too long to come out. My caesar salad was delicious and was very fresh. As my pasta, I ordered a basil pesto wheat pasta with broccoli and mushrooms, it was alllrightt. Too bland for my taste. I can only say the Smokehouse Mac was only okay too. It was too sweet, but I guess that should be expected if you're going for that hickory smoked bbq flavor. The Cauliflower Gratin sealed the deal on 4 stars rather than 5. I could have let my experience with the rest of the meal slide, but not the Cauliflower Gratin. Although it was good, it got me questioning if they had Paula Dean back there preparing it cause that thing was just straight up fat and oil. I posted a picture to show the insane amount of oily greasy mess that took up the bottom half of the bowl. The description on the menu said it was seasoned with parmesean and mozzarella cheeses but I didn't realize by seasoned, they really meant 'swimming in', I tried one just so I could review it, and that's all I could have.   That heart-threatening side item won't keep me away though. I'm still very interested in coming back and trying all the other items.
3 This place is decent. It's like an Italian chipotle. I love the atmosphere of the place and service is friendly. I had the 7$ special and chose penne with a meat sauce. I have tasted better meat sauce. I did sneak a bite of my friends pesto and it was great! My penne was a little over cooked but the fact that you get a soup or salad and a breadstick was awesome. When I have a chance I am looking forward to trying some of the other menu options available.
5 Great concept. Can make your own pasta dish or you can have Mac and cheese. Great kids selection as well. Lunch special Monday through Saturday.  I had their Mac and cheese and added jalapeño and sausage. Was a little disappointed in the portion on the add on but the Mac and cheese dish was great size. Garlic bread was fantastic. My son is very picky and had fettuccini with meatball and tomato sauce. It is always hit or miss if he will like his food. He loved it. Plenty of seating inside and a coke machine that can create 100 different combos.   Service was outstanding. Samantha greeted us when we walked in and was pleasant and patient as we ordered. Matt brought our food with a smile and checked back later to ensure everything was okay. He even bussed our table while we lingered. The owner walked us through the menu prior to ordering. Overall a great experience and the price was right. I would definitely come back.
4 Awesome concept! I'm an adult who absolutely loves her some mac and cheese, so a restaurant exclusively catering to this dish is a great idea to me. Stopped by this location after spotting the other location on the other side of town. I ordered the pepperjack mac and cheese and my dining partner went for the barbeque mac and cheese. I wanted the pepperjack one to amazing but it was just okay. It needed more kick and another cheese to thicken up the cheese sauce. Maybe a nice gouda? Anyway, it said it had jalapenos in it too, which is always a plus. But there were only 3 jalapenos!! I think they should slice and dice the jalapenos and include it in the cheese sauce. Mmmmm! I think it's a great idea!! The barbeque mac and cheese was the redeeming factor here. It was yummy and hearty with good toothy-ness. Fantastic. I'll be back to try the blue cheese one because I can't say no to blue cheese. Also, I need to try the garlic sticks. My dining partner ate BOTH of them. Also, they have The Cupcakery cupcakes for dessert!! +1!! Definitely try this place if you love mac & cheese. Until next time!
5 I love this place, and really happy I don't have to drive all the way to the other location anymore. The plethora of ingredients means you can try something different and be creative with flavors and textures. The prices are slightly high, but the quality makes it worth it. I'm bummed out that they don't offer their tomato basil soup at this location, but I'll still be back.
5 Incredible lunch today at the new Mac Shack on west Charleston. Food was ridiculously good and the value and service was equally as impressive with kids eating free on Sunday and a ton of gluten free options. Curbside pick up too for takeout. Definitely one of our new fav spots.
5 I love their website for take-out delivery - super easy to use and lots of options.  The pasta is fantastic, perfectly cooked and the sauces taste fresh and flavorful.  I love the alfredo, vodka sauce, and the macaroni and cheese. I also love that I can add peas to everything I order - that is is my pasta favorite.
5 This location has awesome decor and ambiance.  It's super clean and the staff is friendly.  Great concept: You choose your pasta, then a sauce, and any toppings you want.  To-go orders are always packaged neatly and stay hot for a long time.  Good prices and big portions.  My favorite is the Pomodoro Fresco: Angel hair w/ fresh tomatoes, basil and light garlic w/ Parmesan and Romano cheeses.  The Baked Rigatoni is another great choice.  Rigatoni w/ meat sauce, mozzarella and baked ricotta. They can make a large variety of stuff so just ask if you want something extra special and they can probably do it. They serve China Mist brand iced tea which is one of the best tasting teas around.    ***Memory Bank this tip: The chicken noodle soup w/ or without Matzo balls is awesome to-go when you or your family isn't feeling 100%--quick and easy.
4 If I could give them four and half stars I would!  My boyfriend and I went here Friday night. We really liked the concept. Pasta customization, cool! We ordered the asiago bleu mac and cheese for me, crazy alfredo for him, gnocci with pesto, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes and bread sticks to share. I loved my mac and cheese! The bleu wasn't too overwhelming, but still had that bite you expect with bleu cheese. The crazy Alfredo had A LOT in it. Chicken, Italian sausage, steak, and shrimp in a roasted pepper alfredo sauce. I personally did not try it, but my boyfriend said it was very good!   The only reason for the half star would be for the size of the shrimp and the beer selection. The shrimp were pretty tiny. The pasta only cost a little over $10 but he said that he would have been happier with three big ones versus a few little guys. We were pretty happy to see that they serve beer and wine, but the selection was minimal. My boy is a beer guy so of course he wanted more.   Overall we loved it. We'll definitely be back and indulge in our carb intake here!
5 Modern food is an interesting intersection of simplicity & customization.   Mac Shack is simple & clean with an open kitchen and a walk-up counter for ordering.  Once you get there you can choose from about 10 pastas & sauces, and 20 toppings.  If you're like me and rather have a specialty item, you can pick from various pastas, mac-n-cheeses and salads.   The pasta itself is very fresh and cooked well.    The dishes can be a bit rich (which is common for pasta) so take a friend to share a pasta and salad.   Alternatively, go for a 5 mile hike at Red Rock Cyn nearby and work up the appetite to conquer a whole bowl on your own.
5 Went here on the spur of the moment instead of Claim Jumper as it hadn't opened yet.  My grandmother and I both got the lunch special for $7.99.  The pasta and sauce were both delicious, the homemade Italian dressing was yummy, and the breadsticks were awesome!  I had a vegetarian angel hair with garlic and oil, as well as a side of zucchini, and grandma had angel hair with marinara, topped with shrimp.  I typically don't drink soda, but had a field day with the soda machine that pumps out just about anything you can imagine.  Serving sizes were great for the price and everything tasted fresh.  This is probably the cleanest restaurant I've ever been too, and will definitely be returning.
5 The Mac Shack Facebook page helped me discovered their grilled sandwich selection.   I saw a picture of the Peanut Butter & Jelly Grilled Sandwich and knew I had to try it.  So delicious and I am hooked.  5/5 Cooked to perfection--Recommended--Must Try WOW!  We told a good friend about the PB&J and he has reported that his little girls both loved it.
1 We visited the new location tonight for a late dinner. After ordering and paying, one of the line cooks made derogatory remarks in Spanish about my boyfriend and myself. We were the only patrons in the restaurant so it was clear the comments were about us. Whether he thought we didn't speak Spanish or thought we couldn't hear him, it was completely unacceptable in 2014 to be such a hateful, homophobic ass! We immediately asked for a refund and left without eating.
4 I'm a fan of this place.  I really enjoy that they have farro with just olive oil and garlic.  Very simple and flavorful.  They also have that really cool soda machine, but the thing about that is I don't drink soda.  I will be back again just for the farro.
4 Connie and I went for a quick dinner. She ordered the Crazy Alfredo and I the Asiago Mac 'n Cheese. They were both excellent. I was afraid the blue cheese would be too overpowering but it was mild. It was creamy with a nice touch of crunch from toasted breadcrumbs.  Although Connie doesn't eat jalapenos and they won't make substitutions on dishes, she of course didn't eat any, but they imparted a nice flavor and mild heat to her dish. So like Arnold Schwarzenegger, we will be back. The garlic bread left allot to be desired but no big deal. I like the soda machine with a gazillion flavors...pick a beverage and add any flavor shot. These machines are gaining in popularity. Not a huge fan of no substitutions, but I get it...with all the ingredients, it would add lots of wait time to tailor orders. Looking forward to trying something Italian though. It's a pasta place after all, so the true test will be a red sauce. I'll add another star if the next visit works out!
4 Being from Colorado, I appreciate a place that reminds me of Noodles & Company. Both are great! If you get a "create your own" dish it will quickly add up, but it's quality food nonetheless. They also sell cupcakes from The Cupcakery. I will definitely be back!
3 I felt very awkward ordering because I took my time looking at the menu, the young lady in front did not greet us, asked us how we were or ask if she could help us... I hesitated and played it safe and ordered the Chicken Alfredo and Grilled Peanut butter and Jelly. The menu was visible and easy to order but there was many things I wanted to try.   When we went here, it was on a Sunday and there was a family of four and a couple who came shortly after. It was pretty empty, slow and the staff didn't seem too busy. We got our drinks (cool machine where you can almost pick any soft drink), sat down and about 5 minutes later a young man gave us our food. The chicken Alfredo was average had a very creamy sauce. We had chili flakes but no parmesan shaker. The Grilled PB&J i took home and was the best part.   This place is average, I wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their items though.
3 Fast service. Nice staff.  I got the smokehouse Mac and cheese which has bacon and a hint of BBQ sauce blended in. It was just ok. I received free garlic bread for checking in on yelp. Small bonus. Oh and they have that soda machine where you get to choose from 200+ flavors which I love. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Like others have mentioned it's kid friendly. My child loved the food. They gave her a fruit roll up with her meal. Again small bonus. They also have a cute little lollipop stand near the entrance/exit for kids to grab. I'm not going to lie I grabbed a couple for myself. Overall the place is descent. I will come again just to try out some of their other dishes.
5 I have to admit I am quite impressed with the Mac Shack. I've seen this place numerous times on shopping trips to the area around Boca Park, but I never stopped in until this past weekend with my husband.  Knowing we were both hungry I knew I had to make a decision that would please both of us. Considering my husband isn't as outlandish with his food choices as myself I decided on Mac Shack. After all, pasta is something we both love.  We arrived during lunch so we took advantage of their lunch special. $7.99 for a make your own bowl of pasta, a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup, a breadstick and a drink. I think that's a really good value, especially considering the amount of food you get.  I got: whole grain wheat penne pasta, with spicy red sauce, chicken, and an extra add in of roasted garlic (I think that cost me an extra 50 cents), and the side garden salad. My husband got angel hair pasta, with Alfredo sauce, chicken, and the corn chowder soup.  The place is very roomy with black/metallic decorations and they play some interesting music over the speakers. As for the food it quickly arrived at our table. My pasta was cooked perfectly, the spicy red sauce had a nice kick with peppers and onions, the chicken was perfectly fine, and a decent amount. Roasted garlic was good, but sooo much I ended up leaving quite a bit of it in my bowl. The salad was decent, and a large portion. You will not leave here unfulfilled. Neither my husband or myself could finish our entire meal.  I would absolutely return... although not too often. I am a pasta fanatic, but I gotta watch those carbs! Good thing this place is not anywhere near where I live or I think I'd be gaining a few extra pounds....
5 Amazing food! So glad we stopped in. I don't think I've ever had food this fresh and such amazing quality at such a casual place. Wish they had one in Los Angeles!
5 Ran up on this little place last night. The decor and the smell of delicious food was awesome. Big portions and decent pricing. Def coming back
5 Overall experience is great. I been there three and was happy every time.. It's a great family atmosphere.
1 I did a search for vegan food on Yelp and the Mac Shack came up.  Last weekend I went to eat there and asked the cashier if there were vegan items on the menu.  The cashier did not seem to know what vegan means, so she asked the girl working next to her.  The second girl said they do not serve any vegan items.  The way the second girl replied to her co-worker left me wondering if there really were not any vegan items on the menu, or if she just did not want to be bothered telling me what items were vegan.  The place wasn't very busy when I was there, so it wasn't like she couldn't find the time.  Although a few menu items looked as if they could be vegan, rather than trying to ask, we just left.  It looks like a nice place, but for us, the customer service was lacking.  If there are vegan items on the menu, I hope someone will point them out.  There are no designations, as far as I could see, on the website menu.
4 Mac shack pasta attack!  First time I went in, I  got the impression of a east coast theme as if I was in Boston or New York.  Ordered off the menu a couple of favorites and I was quite please. Crazy Alfredo and bottle service.  Everything was cooked fresh and took around 20mins to take away.  For sure a place I'll  come back to try something else out.  Overall Price: $$$ Food: 4-5 Service: 4-5 Come back: yes
4 I absolutely love the ambiance of this location. Compared to the location on Warm Spring, this is the upscale adult Mac Shack! They have red leather booths and rustic wood tables.   What I ordered: The veggie gluten free add chicken  My Mom got the lunch special. $7.99 for a basic make your own bowl of pasta (comes with noodles and choice of a sauce - add in topping are extra), a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup (she got a salad) a bread-stick and a drink.   I would love to give this place five stars but some of the times I come my meals are swimming in olive oil. If they could just be a little bit more consistent and work on reducing the amount of olive oil in the dishes I would be super happy!
1 Service needs a lot of improvement. Ordered to go at 7pm, got food at 7:40. Thank goodness we decided to stay and eat because they got our order wrong. No apology given.  Won't be coming back for sure.
4 Very good made to order pasta! The gluten free pasta was a huge with my parents.  Staff is great, very friendly.
3 Love how the place is setup: nice open space, modern signs with appealing typography, and the lollipops at the front are a nice touch.   However I've been here a few times and the food is a hit or miss. One time I ordered a smokehouse mac and it was crazy amazing with a very healthy amount of bacon and cheese and just, unf, but another time it was seriously lacking, kind of dry and a bit flavorless. Also, another time I tried the penne and pesto and the pasta was so salty I couldn't eat it! I could feel my blood pressure rising with every bite so I had to stop.   So I guess when you come here cross your fingers you'll get lucky and have some decent pasta.
1 Some people recommended this place to my mother & I... and I guess it's good for some people, but not for us!  The garlic breadsticks were awful... the only flavor they had was heavy garlic, that I was belching up hours later, even after only 2 bites.  It wasn't smooth & yummy like most garlic bread I've had almost anywhere else. As for the pasta... I had penne alfredo and my mom had the angel hair marinara... I admit, I'm picky, and I literally ate 2 bites and couldn't eat any more... first, the pasta was chewy & crunchy... maybe al dente, not my choice for pasta... or just not cooked properly, IDK... but worse was the alfredo sauce... it was SO heavy on the butter & cheese... mostly butter, that's really all I could taste, but worst of all was the bitter after-taste that came a few seconds later.  Awful.  And mom's marinara was worse, it was too acidic & bitter, she actually spit hers out into her napkin and couldn't eat more than that first bite, and she said the after-taste was even worse... she tried mine as well, and said mine was a TINY bit better. So I guess some people like the taste of their sauces. But sadly for us, it was awful and a waste of $20... we walked out leaving 2 full bowls of pasta, and one full order of breadsticks, and a second order of breadsticks with a couple bites out of them... waste of money and time, very disappointing overall.  Definitely not for us & not somewhere I'd go again.
5 What a pleasant surprise!  After living back east we've become a little picky with pasta.  It tasted fresh, it was fast and casual.   We'll definitely be back!
5 I've come here a couple times and the food is always delicious!! Very fast service, even when busy. The decor is really cute and bathrooms and tables are always clean. Will be returning regularly!
5 The staff was great.  My son loved that he could select his own pasta and sauce.
4 I had the smokehouse Mac n cheese and it was great! Thanks for the free garlic bread for checking in!!!!  The atmosphere is great and service was fast.
4 It's pricey but really good.  If you have a craving for Mac and Cheese and don't want to make it at home, this is the place to be.
4 Convenient place for quality pasta.  I had a custom order of whole wheat penne pasta, with marinas sauce, shrimp, roasted garlic and tomatoes.  Good weight watchers meal.
5 Can't get enough of this place. My favorite is the the farmhouse with spaghetti, roasted garlic and mushrooms. It's super creamy with the just the right amount of saltiness coming the the pancetta. Plus, I don't feel so bad about eating cream sauce cause I ate my vegetables in the form of peas!
4 My new favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. I ordered the pepper jack Mac with the jalapeños... I am going to have fire out of my butthole later tonight, we are talking 4 alarm, none of this trash can in the kitchen crap either.  Only a couple of things that bothered me. #1 did Vegas corner the market on these soda machines with 90 bazillion flavors? I see them everywhere and there is always a line to get a drink. #2 only 4 jalapeños? I could have handled like 8-10 kind of mixed in the Mac and cheese.  Good place, going to try the BBQ one tomorrow possibly.
2 Solid choice for lunch, although I wasn't too impressed overall.  Came here for the lunch special, only to find out that it is only on the most BASIC of pasta choices and sauces.  For instance, the "Smokehouse Mac" that I wanted to order could NOT be substituted even at a higher cost.  They should allow "premium" choices or add on a couple extra bucks per topping desired.  So because of this, I ordered the Pesto Penne ($7.99 Lunch Special): Comes with Breadstick, choice of Soup/Salad & a Drink. Not bad! Wish the breadstick tasted fresher, and perhaps I should have added something else to the mix...like a meat choice or cheese or something, since it was pretty basic and was lacking depth.  For the soup choice, I went with the Chicken Noodle Soup ($3.95 but included w/ lunch special). Good, but not great...I'd recommend trying one of their other choices.   And because I came here for the mac in the first place, I ordered a separate Smokehouse Mac ($8.95): Smoked Gouda Cheese & Applewood Smoked Bacon with Barbecue Sauce. This was a HUGE portion, super rich and HEAVY. I am a gouda LOVER, but this was a bit much to eat.  Another small qualm, I called in initially to ask if they had free wifi....I was told yes.  When I arrived, I could not get it to work for my laptop or my phone.  After asking multiple employees, some said they did offer it...some said no.  And nobody was able to help me get it working.  Good luck!
4 Great first time experience...food tasted fresh and great! I had the crazy Alfredo and it was done very nicely...Will go back definitely
2 This place is so-so at best. Good in a pinch but not a first pick. The califlower was the best dish we had. The second visit still didn't impress, which I was so hoping it would. It's a cute place and I really wanted to love it. But the sauce all taste the same whether you chose white or red...wawawa! Lunch maybe, dinner NO! They need to step it up a notch!
3 3.5 stars rounded down. The food is good, I just think it's a little on the expensive side...it is after all just pasta with a few chunks of ingredient X and a sauce. Pretty good combinations on the menu plus you can create your own if you like. They also do salads - I haven't had a bad one.   They do a "Lunch special" which isn't really a good deal at all sadly. For $7.99 you get a regular side salad, breadstick, drink, and some pasta. It's a smaller pasta portion and you basically get to choose a pasta type and a sauce... if you want anything more like some meat or veggies you have to pay a lot more per item. So it ends up being as expensive or more than a regular pasta dish. Pretty lame "deal".   They also do "pasta points" where they will track your purchases and once you get to 10 points you get a free pasta dish. Don't get too excited...only the full price pasta dishes count :(
4 Hardly ever disappointed. Pasta is cooked perfectly and sauces are fantastic. Kids meals are cheap and they sell cupcakes! Yum! They also have a very modern soda machine... Pretty sure it can make you anything you've dreamed of!
4 Oooo, the Mac Shack. I've been hearing a lot about this place in the past year, but never gave this place a shot until my friends and I decided to give it a try.  You hear the name of the place and more than likely, the firs thing that comes to your mind is macaroni and cheese. That is something they definitely have for you to get and try out, but they also have some delicious pastas to try out as well. Their menu selections of pastas are decent, and the macaroni selection is a little less as well, but what their menu may lack in selection, makes up for it in customization; they have build your own pasta with many different kids of sauces, pastas, meats, and fillings. With that in mind, they also have some salads and different sides you can add to your meal, and even a few sandwiches, one of which that seems interesting enough, a grilled PB&J. On my visit though, I didn't get the PB&J on this visit, but I did get the cauliflower gratin with my pasta, which was called bottle service.   Bottle service comes in penne pasta and the pasta was cooked al dente and just right. The sauce went very well with the pasta and the sirloin beef & mushrooms. If you order bread and dip it into the pasta sauce, it makes for a delicious meal ahead of you. The cauliflower gratin was very good. The cauliflower wasn't too soft and soggy, and had the right amount of crunch. The crumbs, cheese, and sauce put on top of the cauliflower made for some delicious side bites to go along with my pasta. One bonus, is that with a yelp check in, you get free garlic bread! The garlic bread that I ate wasn't too garlicy, or even had a real garlic taste to it, but it did taste like the bread they make from pretzels to me, just a teeny bit. Another bonus about this place is that they have that fancy soda machine that is only one machine and has that wide selection of various drinks and additives you can add to your beverage for ultimate customization. This can be bonus to some, or not, but when you are done eating, you don't have to really clean up after yourself, the staff cleans up after you, so that's awesome in itself to me!  Overall, I loved the feel that I got while I was in Mac Shack. The staff was friendly, the food was delicious, and the environment was amazing. Give this place a visit for a casual meal with family and/or friends!
3 .................
4 I love this place. I never really ate pasta before I moved to Las Vegas, but I crave this place about once per week. Their prices are a little high for what feels like a fast food pasta place, but the staff are always nice and the food seems fresh and is always tasty. I don't think the lunch deal is the way to go unless you really want a soda with your food...you get a really small salad, breadstick and a small bowl of pasta with a sauce - no toppings! I'll definitely be back.
4 My wife and I met up for lunch and we headed for Claim Jumper. We pulled in the parking lot and I noticed a sign that said "...pasta". The rest was blocked from view, so I started trying to figure out what it was. I found the name and looked it up here on Yelp.   We changed our plans and decided to try something new. I had their Crazy Pasta (I think that's the name), but without jalapenos. It was really good. It contained noodles, alfredo sauce, sun dried tomatoes, chicken, shrimp, Italian sausage, red peppers, and green peppers.   My daughter had chicken fettuccine alfredo. My wife had some kind of pasta with shrimp in it. They both loved their food as well.  We also got a free order of bread sticks for checking with Yelp right before we ordered. We'll definitely be going back.
4 I always drive past this place whenever I'm in the Summerlin area and I finally decided to try it out. The place reminds me of Panera Bread, but a pasta-only version.   I ordered the Crazy Alfredo because I that's what I saw people rave the most about on Yelp. It was $10 and some change and I thought the portion size was more than enough. It had A LOT in it and I wasn't able to finish the whole bowl.   My boyfriend did the "create your own pasta" option, which is a starting price of $7.99 but 1.25 for extra add ons. He's a plain Jane so he basically ordered a fettuccine shrimp Alfredo, but he liked it, so whatever lol.  We used the "free order of garlic bread" offer which was an order of 2 garlic breads. They were pretty good. Nothing to rave about but nothing to complain about either.  I'd recommend going during the times they have lunch specials. It's $7.99 for your choice of pasta, garlic bread, and a drink. All in all, really good place to go for a filling, inexpensive lunch.
5 What a delightful lunch I had at Mac Shack. Great place, wonderful service and friendly staff. The restaurant gives you a hint of how delicious the food is when you walk through the door. The aroma of good food greets you as you enter. Great for business lunches and families!
3 Good pasta but a bit expensive. I had the broccoli pesto and the food was good, but they did not skimp on the pesto or the oil. After I finished the bottom of the bowl was still full of oil and pesto. It was good but be aware you may be in for more than you expect! My boyfriend had the baked rigatoni and thought it was pretty good except the sauce was a bit bland-needed more spices. We also had the meatball side and the garlic bread side. The meatballs were pretty generic, okay but not great but I did not like the garlic breadsticks at all. It seemed like it was just dipped in garlic powder and didn't have an authentic taste to it.  Overall I gave it 3 stars because the pasta was good and the chicken and broccoli in my dish was cooked very well. Be aware of the prices though, for 2 pasta dishes and 1 side (the garlic bread was a free offer) and 2 fountain drinks it was $26 so kinda expensive when it is essentially a pasta restaurant with a few extra additions to a dish.   Worth trying and I really want to come back and try the mac and cheese - if it's called the mac shack it had better be delicious!
2 Don't go after 8:30.  Their staff only cares about closing up and ignores anyone still in the restaurant.  Never received garlic bread and had to ask for refund; and they took away the iced tea from the beverage station with 5 - 6 tables still occupied.  May never go back.  Only giving 2 stars because food was good and the cashier re-stocked the Tootsie Pop display.
3 The few times I've been here, the pasta is awesome. But the service never fails to piss me off.  Let's talk about the good things first. Usually when I come here, I get the pepperjack mac with some extra cheese. Delicious and cooked fast, the chefs here are always speedy in pumping out orders and making the pasta just the way you like.The price is a little high, but the proportions are so large that there is usually enough left for me to take home, that is, if I can get a damn to-go box around this place.  A couple problems with the people that are hired here.  I'm all for employing younger people, particularly students trying to pay their way through college, but how is it that a place that serves beer/alcohol has not one person over 21 on the schedule? There's been a few times I've come here and either can't order a beer from the fridge I'm staring at or have to wait 20 minutes for them to find the manager. Plan and schedule your employees accordingly.  Last time I was here, swear to holy potato, EIGHT tables were empty and trashed. No one was cleaning up. Luckily the drink machines are self serve, but me and my friend who sat their talking for almost an hour and a half, had not one person come by to take away the dirty dishes or offer us a to-go box. They have done this in the past so I know it's something they are trained to do, and when I got up to go refill my soda, I saw two employees sitting and texting on their cellphones. Maybe they were on break, but no one else was around to clean up the havoc of a mess the place was in.  As good as the pasta is here, the dirty environment and lazy workers makes me worry about the sanitary conditions of the food. Probably won't be visiting here that much anymore.
4 I can't believe it took me so long to try this place out! There is a location right down the street from where I live, and this one is right down the street from where I work! It is like my carb destiny!  This restaurant is probably the perfect balance between fast food and casual restaurant. The inside is bright and charming, the employees are friendly, and the service is fast. All of the entrees cost between $8-$12 on average, so it is not a place you'll break the bank.  Mac Shack is great for a quick, casual lunch with a friend or co-worker when you don't have enough time for something more formal, but don't want fast food or subs.  When you walk in, you are greeted with a large overhead menu. You place your order and pay at the counter, then if you are dining there, you're given a number placard and a server will bring your food. The service was great, and we were checked upon several times during the course of our meal.  I ordered the Crazy Alfredo, without the jalepenos. In retrospect, that might have been a bad decision, because it did need some additional seasoning. Aside from that, it was great- lots of meat, mushrooms, and sun dried tomatoes. It was very cheesy, and the pasta was cooked just right. I decided to only eat a little and save the rest for dinner. The serving size was plentiful and I would have been full if I'd eaten the whole thing. My friend ordered the Broccoli Pesto Pasta without chicken (she's a vegetarian), and she finished everything.   I was very pleased with the Mac Shack and look forward to trying other dishes- and they have a mac & cheese grilled cheese sandwich?! What!
3 Great pasta and great choices! Also, they have one of those fancy self operated soda fountains. I love those :)  Prices can get high when you decide to make your own (my favorite is the classic mac with capers) and they have Cupcakery cupcakes there as dessert. The food is always made to order, and served hot at your table of choice. And when you are done you can help yourself to a Tootsie pop.   I will say that the cupcakes can be a hit or miss as they are not labeled, and the employees here do not know what they are. Unless you frequent the Cupcakery you have no idea what cupcake is what.  Also the table serve can lack depending on who works there. The last time my friend and I came in nearly every table was full of plates, and the entire time we were there they were not cleared. And they weren't busy, and they had quite a few people working.
2 First off the customer service in this place is great. I walked in to the mac shack wanting and hoping for a warm, cheesy, goodness that would be the next new level in my mac and cheese arsenal. so I ordered the "smoke house" mac and cheese, which by the description from the menu sounded ridiculous. I was pumped, I thought to my self man this is going to be epic!!! also got the garlic bread (because I love some good garlic bread)  so I sat down in there very well done restaurant area Then a short time after I got the soup...I mean mac ... well it could have passed for soup. looking at it stomach rumbling I take a bite, instantly an overwhelming taste of very sweet bbq sauce hit my taste buds and not a hint of the smoked gouda as promised from the menu.  The dish resembled vodka sauce and mac elbows, no cheese and so much soupy sauce that I could soke it up with the garlic butter covered little Cesar's style bread sticks. after about 6 bites I gave up and abandoned the dish. I do really wish that I would have had a better experience at this fast casual restaurant. maybe the cook needs to be retrained or replaced either way they wont getting any $13 lunches from me.  to me first impressions are everything and should be. this places food did not impress me in the slightest.
5 Pasta and cupcakes cannot beat that. The jazzy Sinatra and Tony Bennett music filling the space made me feel humbly in love with each bite of my pasta. My new place of serenity.
5 Outstanding. Came in here for a quick bite to eat and ended up leaving with enough leftovers for another meal. Located in the same shopping plaza as Barnes and Nobles. The set is really cute and cozy and I immediately loved the atmosphere.  I ordered the Cheddar Mac with a Caesar salad and both were so flavorful. My boyfriend did the create your own- penne  with pesto, mushrooms, and shrimp. Will definitely return.
5 This is the best restaurant I know for Mac and Cheese! The flavor their dishes have are wonderfully delicious!
4 I love this place, they have great pasta and several choices! My girl friend and I just love it.
2 I live in Summerlin and everytime I drive down Charleston I say to myself, I need to try this place!  I finally did and I wasn't impressed.  I went around 6pm and when I walked in, it was not that busy.  70% of the tables were occupied and no line.  As I looked over the menu, everything sounded pretty good. I walked up and decided to go with a fettuccine alfredo with chicken +broccoli (add .50), side caesar salad and breadsticks... I was hungry!!! I wish I would have checked in before I ordered, because I would have gotten those breadsticks for free. DARN!  I also got a soda and with tax, my bill was about $16.  For an entree, salad, breadsticks and soda, I didn't feel like I overpaid.... I would say prices are in line with places like Panera.  But, it's not a full service restaurant, so some would debate the prices.  I will say that this place is pretty sexy inside. Faux leather banquettes with the reclaimed wood feel. Chalkboards fill the restaurant with words like "organic chicken" "THE BEST" and other words that try to make this place something that it's not..... And that would be a place for foodies.  My meal arrived and that's when everything went downhill.... Fettuccine was bland, definitely needed more cheese, salt.... SOMETHING!  As I'm eating my rubbery processed chicken, I'm looking at the chalkboard that says fresh organic chicken.... I'm in this industry, I know what fresh grilled chicken tastes like, and the chicken they serve here is NOT that.  The breadsticks were not that soft and barely had any garlic flavor..... The salad was pretty tasty though. The dressing had a nice garlic bite to it and the croutons were fresh and crunchy.    Mac Shack really needs to think about sourcing fresh ingredients, because the chicken in my fettuccine was processed and the broccoli was frozen and microwaved/steamed.  This place needs to focus on transparency because it's trying to be something that it's not.  You're a modern looking Panera with slightly higher prices.  I will give you one more chance in about 3 months....
5 Love this place. Never thought there were so many ways to make noodles and sauce. Bottle service is by far my favorite. It's perfect great food that I love and so does my 3 year old; now that's rare. The do to go service too!
3 Nice atmosphere and decent food. I had the Pepper Jack Mac and Cheese which was just the right amount of cheesy and spicy. I previously came and created my own pasta I noticed it was lacking salt. I had the same problem when I tried my moms pasta but that could just be my taste buds. Overall, it's a good place to pick up a quick meal.
5 Yum, first time here and it was pretty delicious. I had some reservations after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Food was fast and tasty, the customer service was great.
