5 Dr Lam was recommended to me by a friend when they noticed I was sitting about 6 inches away from my computer screen as I typed. Since this friend rarely steers me wrong (although there was this one time...but that's a story for another time) I thought I would put that vision insurance that I was paying for and never using to good use.  Glad I did, Visiting Dr Lam and Eye Care North was a great experience. The office has a friendly modern vibe and you could tell a lot of care and personality were thrown into the place.. unlike some other Dr. offices that seem to only use different colors of blah on everything.   Dr Lam was super friendly with me and took a lot of time to answer all my questions, even the dumb ones like "why is not being able to see near you considered far-sighted?" and other life mysteries I needed solving.    They had a great selection of eye wear for men including Tom Ford, Calvin Klein, Gucci (who knew they made men's glasses? Not I) and Lacoste. For ladies, I think I saw some fancy Tiffany glasses and others but I didn't pay that much attention.  I ended up picking up a pair of Tom Ford sunglasses and a new set of prescription lenses with the fancy Blu-tech treatment, which I completely recommend for anyone who is on a computer regularly.  All in all it was a great experience and I can't recommend her or the office enough. I'll definitely be back again!
5 Really nice office, friendly staff, a good variety of eyeglass wear & sunglasses, and very organized. I love my new glasses! Would definitely recommend anyone to get an eye exam and maybe glasses or sunglasses :) Take care of your eyes now.
5 Dr. Lam provided me with the most comprehensive eye exam that I have ever had in my entire life. I've had poor eyesight since i was young, so I always appreciate someone who makes the extra effort with my annual check ups. I had some trouble with allergies and itchy eyes, so she made some great recommendations with other contact lenses, eye solution and drops, along with samples for me to try. I rarely get dilated, but this time I went for it. I'm glad I did because Dr. Lam was so thorough and picked up on something important to monitor. I trust Dr. Lam fully and have recommended her to my family and friends. She has great taste in eyewear too, so I just bought a new pair of Michael Kors frames to show off.
5 I've been pretty good at getting my eyes checked every 2 years or so since finding out in the 8th grade that I was nearsighted.  I decided to try out Eye Care North since it was so close to my home.  The office was charming and the staff was super friendly.  I had a very comprehensive eye exam from Dr. Lam and was dilated for the first time in my life!  How did my past optometrist never dilate me before?  Or even asked??  I learned so much about the health of my eyes!  The very knowledgeable optician helped me find THE perfect frames.  I've never loved a pair of glasses so much!  I would definitely recommend Eye Care North and the great staff!!
5 This is a new office located very close to my home and when I heard about it, I figured it was about time to get my eyes checked.   Dr. Lam was extremely thorough and answered each question I asked with great detail.  She also answered questions that I had in my head but hadn't actually asked yet.    The actual office/store is very inviting and has a great selection of modern and more traditional frames.
5 Dr. Lam was very professional, patient, and informative. She took the time to listen to my eye care needs and educate me on the importance of eye care health including prevention. There is a great selection of frames and the clinic is clean, modern, and comfortable. The opticians have been very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable going out of their ways to make sure I left happy. My visits have felt customized, and I feel valued as a patient/customer.
