5 A new and refreshing venue with good coffee and a relaxing laid back environment. Inside offers a warm and inviting atmosphere, and the patio faces east, away from the afternoon sun; which is a big plus in Phoenix. Plenty of space inside to sit and enjoy or do a little work. Owner was extremely friendly and courteous. Definitely recommend stopping by.
5 Love this new NON CHAIN coffee shop and restaurant. Spacious, comfortable with outdoor seating and delicious coffee. The owners and staff are super friendly and quick with orders. I can't wait to try some yummy nibbles on the menu. It looks like they have a good selection of lunch and breakfast items as well as fresh sweets things! The horsey theme is definitely a plus and fits right in to the neighborhood!
5 This new coffee shop has the best coffee ever!  Cute decor! I go here a couple of times a week and the staff and especially the owner are the BEST.  Reasonably priced.  Has wonderful pastries, sandwiches and salads.  A BIG PLUS for this area.  I HIGHLY recommend you make the trip, it is well worth it!
5 Wonderful place with a great staff coffee is amazing, love the location just hope more people visit. would like for them to add bagels in a little bit more homemade food.
5 I am extremely impressed with this new, local coffee shop! First off, the coffee is amazing. When I walked in I was warmly greeted by the employees, and the owner introduced himself as well. This place doesn't lack in customer service!  They also have a cute little "kids corner" that your little ones can play in while you drink your coffee or have a bite to eat. I can't wait to give some of their food a try. Biscuits and gravy! Paninis, sandwiches and salads as well. And of course, food and drink options for your little one.
5 We came to saddle creek for the first time after finding out it had just opened about a week earlier. The staff was very nice and interested in detailed feedback about the service and perception from customers, showing that they value input and the opinion of their patrons. I would rate the quality of the ingredients in the food served as high, fresh and savory. Simple dishes and excellent coffee at prices comparable to chain businesses. It is always great to support local independent businesses and because of that, along with the great service, we will return. Also...one of our friends that came with us had one of the fruit smoothies and described it as "the best smoothie I've had". His opinion tends to lean towards being very critical of food and drinks, so that definitely impressed me and made me seriously consider that smoothie as an item to try next time I come back.
4 They serve the best coffee I've ever had. Try the Americano.  The employees are all very nice, as is the owner. My wife and I are regulars there now.
5 This place was great , there was a play area for my kids and the coffee was delish! Everyone left happy:)
4 I've been to two events that had box lunches from Saddlecreek and each time was delicious. It's about as good as a business box lunch gets. The sandwiches are made with the most wonderful bread from a local bakery and the chocolate cookies are awesome.  I've had their fruit bread too at a conference and it was wonderful. I've heard they sell out of pastries every day. I wish they were able to bring more of their baked goods.
4 I enjoy supporting this local business. The owner and staff are very friendly. Try the biscuits and gravy or the pastrami sandwich!
5 It's so refreshing to have a friendly, well-run local coffee shop in the Tatum Ranch area. We went early on Sunday morning and there was a steady stream of customers, many of which already seemed like regulars! The owner {or who I assumed to be the owner} was greeting everyone and was so nice. He even brought fresh water out to our dog when we were sitting outside enjoying breakfast. We ordered paninis {one ham and one bacon} and I would definitely order them again. Fresh and flavorful. We also had a drip coffee and an indulgent white chocolate mocha, both up to par with other coffee shops.  I hope this business continues to thrive. Stop in ASAP! We can't wait to try the sandwiches and salads for lunch.
5 For a treat, try the pumpkin drizzle muffin. Yum!
3 5 stars for atmosphere and kids corner.  Coffee good too!  Biscuits and gravy was not good, in my opinion.  I was disappointed in my breakfast.  I will be coming back for coffee.  I will not be planning a breakfast here again.
2 This is my second visit so I have given Saddlecreek 2 chances.  Today I brought my family (2 children ages 2 and 4) to Saddlecreek for a light lunch after some shopping. Staff is has been quite friendly both times. As I ordered lunch, I was asked to like them on Facebook. I understand the need, but please wait until I have enjoyed your food before asking for a recommendation.  We ordered a half turkey gobbler, PB&J for the kids and the breakfast burrito marked as a 'special'  The price was decent enough and the service was quick and polite.  The PB&J was just as you would expect and worked out perfectly. The Turkey sandwich was uninspired, but not bad, either. Light on the meat and reasonably expensive for what you get. The breakfast burrito, another matter entirely.  This is a home-grown business in a small shopping plaza. The ambiance is great. They have a kids corner that my kids love. Kitchen set, toys, etc. I really wanted to like the place, but I just cannot.  Back to the burrito. The breakfast burrito was a frozen burrito they microwaved. Let me repeat that. A $4 microwaved burrito. I realized at the first bite, then watched them do another for one of the next patrons. I was floored. This fit perfectly with the massively dry, days old muffin that I was served at my first visit and ended our dream of a nearby coffee shop to visit.   They have much potential. A little care in what they serve and how they prepare it will go a long way because the rest of the experience is great and I want to see them flourish.
5 Had both the breakfast burrito and the biscuits and gravy. Both were delicious and the staff was friendly and professional. Would recommend to anyone up in the Tatum Ranch/Carefree/Cave Creek area.
4 Stopped in today, service was excellent. Although I don't live close I would suggest if you do to make it your regular place! Only con was my extra large iced coffee was almost $6. Still good though!
5 Love this family place. The owner is friendly and remembers his customers. Great food, coffee and nice atmosphere. Dog friendly patio. Great alternative to the chain coffee houses.
5 This is a great coffee shop. They have ultra friendly staff and are welcoming to customers. They have a pretty good list of Gluten Free options. Although not on the menu, they make me eggs and bacon plates, instead of the wraps. The coffee is GREAT!  The environment is great. All around, a very good place for coffee and conversation.
5 Took the gf out to breakfast for a nice break from work.  The staff is so friendly and makes you feel at home. Biscuits and gravy are so delicious.  Also the chicken salad sandwich is a must try.  Finally a local joint with good food and service. Will definitely be a frequent stop for us.
5 Hands down our favorite coffee place and oh boy do we love our coffee.  We make it a family affair and we meet friends there whenever we can.  The coffee, iced tea and specialty coffees have not disappointed.  We love the breakfast sandwiches and the Pumpkin muffin is out of this world. So do yourself a favor....... get over to Saddlecreek and get your coffee on!
