5 Georgia makes the best Soul Food and Chinese Infusion!  From Fried Catfish and chicken to Pork Fried Rice and Combination Egg Foo Young.  Did I mention peach cobbler to die for!!!
5 Just went there for the first time. Good food I had the smothered pork chops. and yes the peach cobbler to die for
5 Big ups to Mama Georgia the best Chinese food in Las Vegas.. The portions are great the food is good and seasoned just right. The soul food is " Just Like My Grannie's".Mama Georgia's cooking gives me comfort when I miss home....Chi-Town. Mama Georgia and Artisha much LOVE...Trivia
5 Las Vegas has lacked authentic soul food for years... So happy I was able to get the best of both of my favorites! Love the soul food - mac n cheese, greens but Love Love the egg foo young! Oh and the house special the Bruce Leroy - shrimp fried rice and chicken wings. Im  there every time i visit.
5 I came to Las Vegas and wanted some soul food and man I found the best soul food west of the Mississippi...only my Mommy's food was better...but; yes I will return 4sho!
5 Really good food that is full of flavor and Georgia is super sweet and funny! The wait is a lil long but sooooo worth it! Food is made to order so she makes it the moment you order it! This dive is a awesome!
4 This place is tucked inside a small neighborhood bar that you wouldnt find if u weren't looking. Georgia is the sweetest and knows what she's doing in that kitchen. I ordered the fried rice with 3 chicken wings (Bruce Leroy). It was very fresh and flavorful. The chicken had a really good flavor and fried to perfection. She gave me a sample of the mac and cheese and I was sold.... One side of that please. I also had a side of collard greens that came with a piece of hot water cornbread that looked like an egg roll. The greens were not cooked with any meat so they weren't as flavorful as I would've thought but with an added pinch of salt and eating them along with the cornbread, they were quite tasty too. I wanted to try the peach cobbler but it wasn't ready.  I was there again the same week and will be back probably before the weekend is up. This is my husband's new lil fave too.
