5 Had a ton of fun here!! The website is very helpful, and there's a great groupon deal available now. The staff are very helpful and friendly, get you out onto the kart pretty quickly and it's out on to the track, which is a half mile (you get I think 10 laps) of twists and turns. It has only been open a couple months so take advantage of no waiting!
5 Best track you have ever seen !!!  1/2 mile with 20 curves and turns Twice as big as the indoor tracks and a lot faster. It will wear your arms out because you are making 200-250 quick turns in ten minutes of hard racing.  The track is wide enough that we were racing 3 carts wide through one sharp corner and there are several places you can set up a pass, unlike the indoor tracks where passing is almost impossible. It opens at 4:00 pm on weekdays and we went early, so there were only a few people there. The manager Dave joined in to give us some competition and he is a really nice guy, even when he is trying to spin you in a tight corner or stuff you into the wall. After all rubbing is racing.  My wife's arms were too tired to do a second race and after two races my arms were shot, so I gave one of my tickets away to some young guy, but I still got more than my money's worth. They stay open until 11:00pm, I guess to avoid the heat during the summer or to get the after work locals.  I come to Vegas from California about 3 times a year and I will make this a regular stop.  Check Groupon to see if their deal is still available.  4 races for $35 is an unbelievably low price. Great time - you won't be disappointed.
5 I LOVED IT HERE!! We came here initially for Scare Fair because it's in the same vicinity and because the guy at the desk was so nice and informative we decided to buy races for 6 people (if you have 6 or more it's $15 a person, if not it's $20 per person).   Before you start,  you watch a safety video. It's pretty informative and after you're done, you pick your helmet and put on a neck brace. The neck brace is kind of uncomfortable but it's for safety. Better to be safe than sorry.  Anyway, before you go on the karts, they have an employee check your gear. They also check all the gokarts before the race starts. The guy made sure my gas was full, that my wheels turned OK, and since I couldn't reach the pedal he gave me pedal boosters.  Remember to go around the track to the checkered line (starting line). Everyone will line up there and they'll start the race. Don't be like my cousin and make a wrong turn LOL. She was facing us at the starting line and the employees faces were priceless. I still laugh about it hahaha.
5 We came here while we were in town for SEMA. We decided to come out and race for some evening fun and we left with huge smiles and exhausted arms. The track is full of curves and after 20 minutes of racing (2 10 minute races) we were worn out! The guys at the track were great to joke around with and we all had a blast.  We would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some non-gambling fun in Vegas!
5 Came here as a hangover cure one afternoon because what can wake you up better than rocketing around a track at 45mph 3 inches from the ground? I grabbed a buddy and made use of the groupon going on: 2 races for 2 people for $35, can't beat that even for regular go karts.  I've never had to wear a helmet, neck brace, and watch a safety video to operate a go kart. I have a license, how hard could it be? Turns out you need to be pretty mentally and physically alert to handle these karts. There's no power steering so after the 10 or so laps you go through your forearms are throbbing. The track is pretty technical and will punish you for turning around to flick off your buddy by slamming you into a wall.   The staff is motley crew of gearheads who are more than happy to chat you up. They are just as enthusiastic to have you race as you are. I don't know how much prices are regularly but overall I had a hell of time a price you can't beat in Vegas.
5 One of the best Karting places I've ever been to. Out-does Andretti's in my home town of Atlanta. All of the staff were super friendly and helpful, even going so far as telling me which karts were the best ones! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's in Vegas and looking for something fun to do besides blowing all of your money at the casinos.
5 Awesome experience !! Check out groupon for an awesome deal!   The staff are very knowledgable and passionate !   They are also very friendly!!   Definitely recommend this for a different activity in sin city!!
5 Cars and track were awesome, the staff was friendly and professional.  Cant wait for my next vegas trip to bring along friends and dramamine! I wanna go fast!!
4 Great place. The course is good in length and has just the right amount of turns to make it challenging. You get a helmet n neck brace for safety.   The staff are really cool and the wait time is not bad at all. The karts go really fast, which I like.   I just wished the time on the track was a little longer. Overall it was cool experience. You should check it out if your in Vegas. Groupon has a great deal so make sure you check that  out as well.
5 Compared to the other places that I've been to in Vegas, this place tops them all! Very friendly and helpful staff.   Pssssssst. They're on Groupon. Definitely check it out!
5 I never enjoyed go-kart racing before, but this time was pretty awesome. The gentleman that worked there really took care of us. I believe his name was James. It was a great experience, the course was fun, the cars were a little dated but that doesn't take any points away in my book!  They had a pretty good living social deal but I'd definitely go back!
5 AWESOME!! Great staff, fun ride and a all in all great time. I would recommend this to anyone wanting to go kart racing...
5 Amazing experience.  Great guys.  Fantastic view and really a killer spot.   Highly recommend this to anyone.
5 So I got a Groupon special for this place and I absolutely loved it! Although I raced a bunch of buttholes the workers were awesome. A guy seemed to be purposely bumping into me so we ended up crashing and the worker was immediately there to help me out. Karts were awesome I'm a big girl and was able to find one that was comfortable. Free water bottles were the last nice touch :)
5 Did the Groupon package great price Super friendly staff Clean facility Karts work fabulous  We went right before they close due to traffic on lv blvd the guys there keep it open late so we can get our race in  Will come back to lv just to race the course.
5 This place rocks! Karts are super fast, the track is very well designed and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I will be coming back here often!
5 As a boy, I use to watch "Gene" race around with my brother on the speedway track in Costa Mesa, Ca. Sponsered by 7up at the time, it was always enjoyable to watch him and the guys race against the other competitors. As far back as I can remember, racing (all kinds) has been in Gene's family. I can't wait for the 4th of July this year, as my wife and I are bringing the kids to Mandalay Bay......and we'll be stopping by to see an old family friend. Gene has always went out of his way.....that's why the reveiws here are so true. "Great racing means great fun"!!!!!!
5 So much fun!! I wish I could go everyday!!! They give you free bottled water, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the cars go fast, and you get a picture to remember your experience :-)
5 No doubt these guys are doing it right here. Got the Groupon deal like many others, and surprised a friend with something NON Vegas like for his birthday to get away from the regular card tables, bars, and strip. What a way to start your day!   The staff is pretty good people, and very helpful if you needed anything. I actually got a huge blister on my hand because "karting is not a game"! and the staff gave me some duct tape for my hand so that i can get through the second race without drawing blood. The cars arent slow for the track and they let you run it for quite some time, what seems like 50-60% longer than the other places in town.   Do check it out if you have competitive people in town and you want to punch em down on the track. And i recommend a pair of gloves if you have them at home to keep from the blisters as they do not have them to offer customers.
1 Awful experience. Avoid at all cost. Is it possible to give zero stars on yelp? Poor management systems. Lack of fair processes. Questionable management. Recipe for a disastrous experience.
5 Was there last week. Great time. Staff was good, cars were fast, track was great, Vegas Strip in the background was awesome.
