5 This place just opened so I decided to go in and see what it's all about. I got a color done and a trim &the girl that was doing it did a great job! Staff is very friendly and welcoming! I recommend this place to everyone!!! Very good experience & I'll definitely be back :)
5 I just stopped in to get a haircut before my brothers wedding, the place is brand new so I was a little weary - but I was in a hurry so I decided to go for it... They did an awesome job, it was a pretty straight forward cut but they did a great job and they were really fast, friendly and cheap - I definitely recommend this place and I'll certainly be back next time
5 So I've never yelped before but I had such a great experience that I had to write a review! I live in California but was in town visiting my family for the holidays and as we ladies know it's hard getting an appt. around that time and so I wasn't able to get my hair colored before I came home. So when my best friend from college gave me her two thumbs up of approval and when I saw how beautiful her hair looked I thought I would give it a chance. And I am so happy I did!   I was able to get an appointment that worked with my schedule, thank god! The staff was so nice and knowledgeable and the place was super clean and organized. I knew right away I was in good hands.   Most of all I was so impressed with their quality of work and how it didn't cost me an arm and a leg when I left! I've been to other places and paid as much as half my rent and walked out in complete disappointment or worse, hair color catastrophe and ended spending even more more money to just get it back to how it was.   I would highly recommend this salon to anyone. It's affordable with the quality we all want and wish to have. The location is great and right next to a nail place and tanning salon so I was able to get all my girlie needs done in one day. I can't wait to go back home and visit my family so I can get my hair done again :)
1 this is an awful place!!!!! I signed up an account because of my terrible experience, the stylist just even could not cut the hair in the same length, not mention how awful my hair looks like now, I really want to cry......
5 I recently had surgery so had trouble washing my hair. I walked in for an appointment, and the guy there washed my hair. He was very great, very nice and very friendly. He even towel dried my hair, combed it out nicely and added some leave in conditioner.   Best part - it was only $5. Super cuts charges more for a shampoo and it is hit or miss whether or not they take the time to quickly comb it for you after you get it washed.  Anyway, the prices were cheap, the staff I encountered was super friendly, and the service was good.
5 Great place for men's haircuts. For the same price as a barbershop, I got a stylist quality haircut from Adam, the owner...a very likable regular guy from Chicago.
2 Super clean place with very nice employees. I have been here 3x and they did a good job cutting. However, best color isn't there strong point. I had black hair and the owner promised blonde or light brown hair. Charged me almost 200.00 for super light roots and dark on the rest. I still gave a tip and just never returned. I wouldn't recommend if you want dark to light fix. I ended up fixing my own hair.
