3 This is the former Super Mex, just rebranded.  The menu is pretty much the same. If there are differences, they are slight and I didn't notice. Same goes for the prices. There is a current Groupon running, which is $11 for $20 worth of food. That makes this place a viable lunch option if I want Mexican food at a decent value other than Roberto's.
3 Came here for a quick cheap lunch with el novio. Purchased the Groupon and in we went. There was no one to greet us and there was no one in the dining room so we went into the bar and were told by the bartenders to sit wherever we wanted.. Decided on a comfy booth in the bar area and then shortly after a server brought over some menus.   After ordering our food we decided on some happy hour dranks. The server told us the Groupon can not be used on Happy Hour.. which is the same as everywhere else but most places will just open a separate check for you.. Not here. That was fine though because I just made by man go to the bar and get our drinks there LOL How can you pass up $1 bud light and $2 margaritas?!!?  -I got the shredded Baracoa salad which comes in a taco shell and is really delicious! Lots of fresh avocado and they don't use cheap lettuce. -boyfriend got the 3 plate combo with carne asada tacos, beef taquitos, chicken enchilada, rice & beans.. This was just OK.  -chips, salsa & bean dip were good. We were not offered a refill~   The service from the server was alright. She did her job and nothing more. Although to make her life easier they should probably assign 1 room for seating so that she doesn't have to run through 3 separate dining areas. The female bartender was nice though ;]]]
5 No comparison to Roberto's please this is a nice place and staff is very friendly I think even more now with the name change.  If you want food at any time of the day or night this is the place for you.  Excellent prompt service I have been here several times and   haven't been dissapointed yet.
4 Stopped by for dinner and pleased. The chips and salsa and bean dip were great. I mentioned to our server that I like spicy stuff she went to the kitchen and came back out with some of their spicy salsa. It was very spicy and fresh. It was cool of her to do that and said it can be requested on future visits.   I ordered the carne asada casero burrito but asked them to leave off the bbq sauce and add tomatillo instead. I also asked to have just meat, cheese and sour cream inside my burrito and no rice on my plate. When my burrito came it looked so good but when I cut it open there was rice and beans along with the meat, cheese and sour cream. I was disappointed because I said that I did not want any rice and was specific about what I wanted in my burrito. I could have said something but didn't want to wait for it to be remade and just ate around the rice. The tomatillo sauce was very good and so was the burrito aside from the goof. When our server came to check on us she noticed the pile of rice on my plate and was upset my burrito did not come out right. She offered twice to have it remade but I explained that it was fine, and that she even noticed meant something. My wife loved her meal and had no complaints. Service was great and we were checked on often. This is a legit place to eat and I will back.
5 My new favorite place for Mexican food! When I heard there was a new Mexican restaurant serving a taco with a fried avocado on it, I knew I had to give it a try! When hubby and I walked in we were greeted by a woman who took us to a booth and took our drink order. When you walk inside there is a decent size cantina on the right and the dining area on the left. I noticed the dining area half full of customers so I took this as a good sign. The chips, salsa and bean dip brought to the table were delicious. The salsa could have been a bit more chunkier for me, but it tasted very fresh and good.   I ordered "Tacos Del Campo" priced at just $8. This was 2 tacos with beer battered fried avocado, jicama slaw and pico de gallo in them. It was just so yummy! This wasn't like any dish I have tasted before and I will be ordering it again for sure. It also came with rice and beans. I'm pretty picky about rice at Mexican restaurants and really liked it here. The rice was moist and had great flavor as the beans. All this fresh tasty food for only $8 is a great deal. Hubby ordered the "Casero Burrito" priced at $13 and had some issues with the order accuracy of his food, but enjoyed it and really liked the tomatillo salsa that came on it. His food also came with a side of guacamole and since he is weird and doesn't like 'cados, I scooped it right up! That guac was definitely fresh made and freaking tasty! Our server was great and checked on us for refills regularly.   Jalisco Cantina has a few different options as far as catering. They can host up to 100 people at the restaurant with live music and either a sit down dinner or buffet style dinner. They had other options too, but I can't remember them all so you can call for more info.  Currently they are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
4 We were trying to go somewhere quite close to home. Honestly can't get closer than this. We were greeted right away by our server Martin. My husband had many questions about the special. It was shrimp tacos with jicama slaw. He did not know what jicama was. Martin took his time in explaining what it is.  We started with the chips, salsa and beans. Very good way to begin. We ordered the fresh guacamole. Also quite delicious. My DH had the special, I went for the albondigas soup and a salad. The soup came in a huge bowl. Honestly enough for two people. The flavor was subtle and perfect. The meatballs plenty  and delicious. The salad was fresh with cucumbers ,romaine, tomatoes and queso fresco cheese. I took half of both home.  My DH ate every bit of the special. Loved the jicama slaw.  The portions are generous, the service outstanding. Priced right for the amount of food. We will be returning.
4 Wasent sure what I was getting into trying this new place but I must say I'm glad I stopped by and tried the taste of greatness there good was great and the horchata delicious and my carne asada burrito I had was just what my hunger was looking for I recommend stopping by! Tip try the horchata  and carne asada your won't be disappointed.
5 Phenomenal! I'm a picky foodie so when I say something is good it's great! The steak fajitas, ceviche and top shelf margaritas (only $8 and they're huge) are excellent quality! Free Blues Band LIVE on Tuesday and Saturday.
1 Food does not have any flavors.... The guacamole needs some spices and more avocado. I would not recommend this place, unless you are really hungry and don't really care
2 Brutal service!!!  The ladies here do not want to be here.  Food was decent.  The only positive was a huge cold beer that they brought to the table.  This experience is not worthy of a review.
2 I was craving some good late night Mexican food with my fellow Yelpers and we decided to check out one of the best happy hours at Supermex. To our surprise, Supermex was re-branded into Jalisco Cantina. Undeterred, we came in to familiar surroundings and sat down near the bar.  Though the restaurant looks the same as before, the menu has undergone some changes and unfortunately not all are for the better. There was no happy hour menu available and after finally getting the attention of our server/bartender, he quickly mouthed off a couple dishes on HH and left us. Unlike before, only select appetizers were half off and the portions/recipes have definitely changed. I wanted to order the chicken street tacos but our server quickly corrected us that they are now called the Tacos Tijuana and for whatever reason only the carne asada ones were covered under HH, no chicken. We also ordered guacamole as an appetizer and Mexican Pizza (new item!). Note: chips and salsa were included as well!  When we got the guacamole I was left wondering if the cook forgot to mash up the avocado. Now I don't mind big chucks, but this guacamole was really just diced avocados in pico de gallo.   Unfortunately, the new Tacos Tijuana are nothing like what they used to be. Instead of the three generous street tacos before, I got two reduced size carne asada tacos with some rice and beans. The tacos fell victim to 'soggy tortilla syndrome' where the contents escaped to all over my plate. I really wish they didn't change it up as the street tacos were delicious and a great meal in themselves.  Now the Mexican Pizza was a pleasant surprise. Like the tacos, for whatever reason the happy hour special only covered the chicken toppings. The pizza was a good portion, with plenty of chicken, mushrooms, and cheese on a thin but crispy toastada like base. Definitely a great new edition to the menu.  Our server was terrible to put it nicely. He took about ten minutes to come up to us, and seemed annoyed when we asked him to repeat the list of ~8 happy hour options (they really should just print out a list). He never brought us out our utensils and we had to flag him down over and over for refills. Maybe he was just having a bad day but he just seemed hurried and uninterested, and there weren't even that many people in the bar area.   I give kudos to the management for changing up the menu and trying new things but I really wish they didn't downsize some of their better dishes. I used to come here twice a month when it was Supermex but now I'm wondering if I'll ever be back.
4 The grilled shrimp tacos were very good....guacamole was fresh and the portion was huge...my husband loved the carne asada tacos.  All in all, a great value for the price. We will be back...
1 There is no more Chicken Taco Salad lunch special.  I used to order that 2-3 times per week. I'm upset that my favorite lunch restaurant has changed :(.  I was informed it was the same owners but the food and service are not where near as good as they used to be.
2 Okay for a quick meal, had the same server twice and both times we were disappointed.  Margaritas are good.
5 Since they changed the name (formerly Super Mex), things have gotten better at this location. I'm a big fan of their nachos. Before the remodel, they were good. Now...they're pretty awesome! The grilled chicken nachos are my favorite, but they also have steak, shrimp and a few other options. The servers are friendly and usually pretty good about refills on drinks and chips and salsa. The Ceviche I'd a great way to start your meal. It's big enough for 2 or 3 people to share. Prices are a little more than before but still reasonable. I definitely like the new spin on the place.
4 We come here regularly not for the great service but for the reasonably priced food. I have gotten a few different things here. I've gotten chicken taquitos that were good. I also got the lettuce wraps one time but the shredded chicken was too greasy. My favorite is their carne asada burrito. They put an adobe sauce over it that I always say no to. I usually get a side of tomatillo sauce to put on top but be prepared it has a kick. The free chips and beans are always a nice way to start our meal as well.
2 Decent food but chicken has no flavor! Drink prices are good and especially during happy hour or a nfl or college game!
5 I had a fabulous time at Jalisco Cantina and was very impressed. It is conveniently located right off the 215 at Sunset, and there was ample close parking. The atmosphere is pleasant and homey. The video poker bar is completely separate from the restaurant area, and the décor is very tasteful. The service staff is absolutely great. Everybody was extremely friendly and accommodating, not to mention super fast. And the food was fabulous. As authentic as I have found in Las Vegas. I have lived in Las Vegas for 21 years and try as many of the Mexican restaurants in town as I can. They make their guacamole in 3 styles from fresh, whole avocados. I sampled the clasico and the camaron tropical with shrimp and mango. Both were excellent! They also make all of their tortillas fresh in-house, as well as their chips -  which were as good as they get. They have over 90 items on the menu, so selection isn't a problem! I also had 2 different margaritas, the top shelf and the spicy. Both were excellent! I tackled their "muy caliente" salsa and about caught on fire! And I can usually handle hot! Not for the faint LOL - won't be doing that again! The mild was excellent, had ample spice and flavor, and was more my speed I guess! I will be back!
4 I think this place is pretty awesome.  I first came here along with coworkers because it was close to our work location.  Seems to be the go to for when the office is craving Mexican.  This place is clean and actually is pretty busy during lunch time.    They first serve you with their chips, salsa, and bean dip...all very simply, amazing!  I think I get carried away with it when I go there because I get full before my meal even arrives.    I usually like to order any of their burritos.  Its massive.  I first ordered the shrimp burrito because I thought it would be skimpy, boy was I wrong.  Shrimp in every single bite.  I was waay full by the time I got halfway.   You can sometimes find Groupon deals for this place, so shop smart so you can save yourself some money to attempt to try the whole menu :)
3 Two stars because food was decent. Carne asada was really tender. One additional star because the bartender immediately greeted us and was nice.   However.... The seats within the bar are really uncomfortable. We sat at a little table and I could not get comfy. Maybe I'm weird, but I didn't like it. Next, I went to the ladies room and the entire door was missing to the entrance. Why?! What happened? I stood their confused. Men's room had a bathroom door, why couldn't the ladies?   I would eat here again. Oh! It also was weird that the bartender was walking around smoking a cigarette. I didn't care about that really, just didn't seem professional.   Food is good though! Seriously, eat here.
3 Was in the mood for some good Mexican Food, and thought SuperMex would fit the script. Arrived to learn that it is now Jalisco Cantina. Menu seemed similar, so I thought what's the harm? I noticed many spots on the wall needed a paint touch up, but the new art being displayed was nice. Was promptly served tortilla chips with beans and salsa. The salsa had a good kick, but the beans were pretty bland. Ordered the chile rellano, and chicken enchiladas with rice. Our waiter gave us a plate with shredded beef enchiladas instead. Initially we were not too thrilled, but thankfully it was tasty. The rice, however, was lacking big time. The chile rellano was eh, and we never got any more chips. Makes me sad.
3 No complaints but no accolades.  Their food is just OK.  The beans are bland but they give them to you complimentary.  The spicier salsa was ok.  We had the chicken bowl, salad and a beef enchilada.  Nothing spectacular.  Good deal if you buy the Groupon.  Otherwise, stick to the lunch specials.  Not terribly authentic.
3 Went once. Margarita was terrible. Green chile pork was better than I thought it would be.
5 My all time fave Mexican restaurant!!
5 Just had a happy hour snack at Jaliscos. Great chips and salsa.  Excellent bacon wrapped shrimp and pacifico on tap!!!  Highly recommend it!  BTW, ask for Edson...nice guy and good server!
3 This place is just okay. 3 to 3 1/2 stars describes this place well. I got the specialty tacos which were ok, the chips and salsa lacked being hot and had no salt.
5 Didnt know that there's a great Mexican place just a few blocks away from our house. Found a groupon and checked reviews on yelp. Decided to check this place out. We ordered the guacamole - not the usual but in chunks. It was good. we got the green chili rellenos and carne asada burrito. Servings r huge! Will go back again
3 The atmosphere is okay...good music although it was dead inside. The staff was friendly although did not offer any personality and it appeared that she unhappy being there. The food was good for the prices and the margarita was decent as well. Again the overall experience could be summed up as okay.
5 Non pretentious Mexican restaurant. Great food for the price. Came here when it was Super Mex and I will continue to dine here. Service is great and very nice.
4 Mini Chimichanga  is very filling. Fresh taco was very good as well. They make good pico, salad and chip.
5 I love this place.  Food portions are huge. Great prices. Great service. I like the karaoke nights & live bands performing. They always have deals with Groupon &  yelp. Must try Mexican restaurant. I get the carne asada street tacos almost every time with side of bean and rice. Taste delicious.
5 I ordered the mixed street tacos and got one fish and one vegetarian. The vegetarian one had beer battered avocados with fresh mango salsa. They were both so good it made me feel like I was eating tacos on the beach in Mexico! Very fresh and yummy tasting!
2 Ok because I had a groupon. Otherwise the chips were stale and the food just wasn't that good. My food and my husbands were both wrong when they came out.
4 Once again groupon helped out in trying a new spot. The bar and restaurant area are very cool. You can tell they really tried to get that authentic look. The drink prices are pretty steep. Especially for the margarita which consisted of sour and tequila with some line juice squeezed in. The bartender Imelda was very nice. Now the reason for the four stars was the food. I am kicking myself in the butt for not ordering the street tacos which I believe is what they are known for. I opted for the Jalisco carnitas plate which wasn't so good. I was hungry so I took it down. I'll try it again soon and get the street tacos next time.
3 I really liked this place which was very surprising to me. I have yet to find a Mexican restaurant here that I am crazy about but I really liked the food! Went for breakfast and had the barbacoa plate. The meat had not fat at all and was not greasy and fat like that kind of meat normally is! It came with eggs, potatoes, and tortillas. The portion was great and so was the price. They have a good selection for breakfast lunch and dinner. They have a full bar and happy hour specials.
4 The offerings are authentic, tasty and shall return soon! Satisfied with the service and atmosphere was inviting, clean and pleasing. Thanks!
1 Bad food, horrible service, and a TERRIBLE manager!  Nickle and dime you to death...used to LOVE coming here, but never again. And when we tried to speak with the Manager about it he laughed and walked away...  Stay Classy Jalisco.  Stay Classy.
1 So not impressed. I think they gave us salad dressing instead of salsa. Everything was very bland (including the hot sauce). Service ok (glasses sat empty for a while).
1 Worst service ever. Given wrong menu when we walked in. Then waited 30 minutes before someone finally came over they told us we had the wrong menus, replaced then, and then never came back. Waited another 20 minutes before having to flag a waiter down to get the check. He shrugged us off and never came back with it. Finally had to go to the bar to pay for the single round of drinks we had and leave. You couldn't pay me to eat here again. With service like that I see an available restaurant space in the near future.
