4 We had a great stay here while competing at the Nevada Wildfest. The rooms were very clean & comfortable. Had a bit of difficulty at check in because the staff didn't want to accept cash. This hotel allows pets & yet every dog pick up bag holder was empty during our entire stay. The pet area was never cleaned. The hotel's lack of attention to supplies just gives the pet owners another reason not to clean up.
5 We love La Quintas.  They accept dogs, have free breakfast, and are always clean and friendly. This one was no exception.   When we arrived we were greeted and promptly given our room card. Unfortunately, there was a hiccup with our check-in. I'd strongly suggest booking directly with the hotel/website as dealing with Expedia is cumbersome and useless.  When we approached the front desk about it in the morning, Maya, the manager was completely amazing!  She spent so much time trying to figure out what happened and fixing it.  She did it with a smile and truly cared.  She knows what great customer service.   Every member of the staff was extremely friendly and courteous.  The staff cleans the common areas daily which is something you don't see often.  The breakfast has the usual muffins, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereal, waffles and juices.    We had a one-bed room near the lobby. The noise level at night/early morning was sometimes loud but it's Las Vegas and everyone is just having a good time.  The rooms were extremely clean and comfortable.   We will definitely stay here again! Thanks Maya and staff.
4 We hardly take the furry one on vacation with us because we didn't think hotels were that dog friendly. You can always get a cheap rate on strip or off strip, but your choices are pretty limited when you have a pooch traveling with you. Luckily, after some research, we found a few places off strip that were affordable (La Quinta being one of them).  There weren't a lot of reviews for this particular La Quinta, but I've stayed at another La Quinta in Northern California before and it was pretty decent (affordably and clean).  From the moment we walked in, the staff was courteous and helpful. We checked in late in the afternoon and they even called our room about 15-20 minutes after we checked in to see if we needed anything.  The rooms are pretty basic, but had the essentials we needed (fridge, microwave, hair dryer and a TV with cable!).  We stayed on the first floor, which was actually one level below ground level, facing the parking lot. At times it was loud, but not terrible since we were pretty tired most nights.  If you need to bring Fido with you on vacation, La Quinta Inn is a great choice. I really enjoyed a smoke free hotel and the freshly baked cookies they have at the front desk in the evening aren't bad either. We didn't really get to try their complimentary continental breakfast, but it looked like it had some pretty good options (hard boiled eggs, cereal, toast, yogurt and milk).   Yelp 100 Challenge 2014 - 17 of 100
4 Stayed here just recently (April 2014) while attending a convention in Las Vegas.  The hotel was quite clean, and the room was very nice and up-to-date. Also it was amazingly quiet since there are many families staying here. It's across the interstate from the strip, but very close to all the action, without all the congestion. It's great to walk out of your room, down the corridor, out the door, and your car is just paces away. Try that in one of the mega-hotels on the strip. The breakfast bar was fine, but very busy. The women who run it are overwhelmed at times trying to keep the place stocked up, but heh, it's a free breakfast.  The hotel itself is very secure, really, but the neighborhood is a little shifty looking. I would not keep any real valuables in your car.  All in all, a great experience. I'd definitely stay there again.
4 We stayed here for business so we weren't out late partying.  In bed by 10pm. Sad, I know.  The place is immaculate. Newly remodeled last year.  Super clean and trendy appearance. I didn't realize they were let friendly and when we checked in our room was right next to a really loud barking dog.  I immediately called the front desk. He said the 3 rd floor was not the "pet" floor and moved us to another room within minutes.  Would have preferred to be on the same quiet side I originally requested (not the street side) but it was sufficient. Staff very friendly. Called to make sure my room was adequate. Comfy beds, nice towels.  Cookies in lobby in the evening. Fridge and microwave in the room.  Close to the strip and to the freeway. My only complaint with the room was that the water took forever to fill up the bathtub with hot water. This is a repeater for us.
5 Very nice rooms, never have I been disappointed with a La Quinta. Breakfast bar is an A+, rooms have nice furnishings super clean and they allowed my corgi!  Yes pets are aokay with them. Very close proximity to the strip. The front desk guy Ray was very nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend to my friends!
5 I wasn't sure what to expect from this hotel when I booked it. I didn't want to stay in the strip and their photos were very enticing on the website. And it was really cheap.   We got here on a Thursday from driving from Colorado. We got here at 1:30 pm and they had the room ready for me! They have no pet fee!! I entered the lobby area and it was already very nice.   I entered the room and was expecting less than what I got. The room is cute!! And clean!! And beautiful!! We stayed on the main floor because I had my dog with me. But that was no biggie. I love my room! Ian very pleased.
5 It was very nice.  The staff were friendly and nice. They were able to provide change for the laundry room and instructions to a nearby ATM.  Everything was clean, in fact the staff were quick to mop up pool water and to clean up after breakfast. The breakfast was great and we enjoyed the selection.   The pool and hot tub were great.  Check in and out were easy and quick. I would definitely stay here again.
5 Great hotel for the price the service was awesome the rooms were clean and spacious ,the staff was very helpful and friendly. Also no pet fee I would definitely recommend this hotel . A 5 min car ride to the strip if that.
4 Very happy with this hotel, easy check in, allowed me to come in early. Clean room and off of the strip. Very happy with my choice and inexpensive
4 This place was very nice. Most of it looks like it was recently renovated. It's very close to the strip which is really great considering the price of the place. One thing that was surprising to us is that most of the hotels on the strip all have free parking which makes this even more appealing.   The one down side is that there are no elevators so if you're downstairs you have to haul your stuff a little ways.   All in all, totally worth it.
2 Clean enough.  Comfortable beds. But too many "can'ts".  Can't have more than two room keys. Can't have extra blankets. Kids can't stay more than 10 minutes in the pool. Wifi is almost worthless. Glad to be leaving.
