5 This is the ONLY place I'll ever go for my lashes. I found Lindsay through Living Social over a year ago and she has been friendly and accommodating since day one. My lashes always look amazing and I wouldn't trust anyone else with them. I look forward to my appointments because I can relax in a private setting, and have an hour of girl talk. Lindsay is the best!!
5 Lindsay is truly the best! Lindsay is very professional and makes you feel really comfortable through the entire process! It was my first time getting by lashes done and I was a little nervous. Lindsay went over everything about each style of lashes that are available. I went with the 3D look...amazing! I now see her every 3 weeks for a fill! I get so many complements how natural my lashes look! I definitely recommend Lindsay!
5 I recently put in a full set of 3 D lashes at I candy and I absolutely love them. They are very light weight, easy to take care of and they look fabulous. Now my morning routine is cut in half because all I have to do is brush them and I'm ready to go. Totally worth the money!!!!
5 Lindsay is THE greatest esthetician. Her lash work is top notch!   I will only go to this gal for my lash extensions. She makes my tiny little lashes look long and lush! I always get compliments on my long lashes.
5 I love Lindsay, she is the absolute best!  I would never go to  anybody else.  She makes you feel comfortable and the atmosphere is relaxing. She knows what she is doing and is very good at it. I look forward to my fill appointments, while I get to relax Lindsay makes me beautiful.
5 I have been going to Lindsay for over 2 years now and I wouldn't trust anyone else with my lashes or my eyes for that matter. I was a newbie to lash extensions when I first started with her and she made me feel so comfortable, not to mention beautiful!! Lindsay is always flexible if I need a fill earlier or later and does her best to fit me in if I need to change our schedule. The salon is very relaxing and beautiful. Sometimes we talk girl talk during my fills and sometimes I just sleep with the relaxing spa music in the background. Do yourself a favor and go to Lindsay! She has A LOT of experience and really knows what she is doing. It's definitely an art....
