5 I just have to say that I REALLY like this place, I'm from Mexico City and believe me I've been in many many places of Mexican Food, Tosinos is the real thing!! the quality is fabulous, the  portions are generous, the place is nice and clean, and the owners are very friendly. I'm just very happy that it's just few minutes away from where I leave. Did I say that they close at 11?? Yeah!!
5 Amazing! Fresh, fast, delicious!! Love this place!!! Would def recommend to anyone looking for authentic Mexican food with a delicious kick. I can't get enough.....Thank you Tosinos!!!!
5 This place is a hidden gem that produces excellent food at very low prices. Their tacos are amongst the best I've ever had in Arizona and at $1.15 can't be beat. The food is incredibly fresh and seasoned perfectly. Everytime I come in I get excited at hearing the food sizzle on the griddle because I know it is going to be awesome. This place will not disappoint!
5 I'm glad I gave this place a chance.. I wanted some good Mexican food. The food here reminds me of my mom's cooking. Great place! Very clean! Enjoyed my sopes with carne asada! Super yummy!
5 Excellent! Food is authentic and flavorful!Completely reminds me of my moms home cooked food. First time I tried the sopes and hard tacos, both delicious. On my 2nd visit I had the chili rojo and I was not disappointed, again super delicious!
5 Amazing food! I have loved every in I have tired. The chicken tacos are one of my favorites. Everyone should give this place a try.
5 Quite magnificent.  Too bad its in a low traffic zone, cars will pass by this place unknowing to what lies beyond the front doors.  Absolutely awesome.
5 Our first time checking this place out. We loved it! The burritos are great. The salsa was very tasty and the chips were fresh and hot. Yummy! Fresh made when you order it.   Give this place a try.
5 Very delicious food and great prices. We read the great reviews and decided to give it a try.  The tacos are amazing.  The carne asada fries are definitely a must have as well.
5 I saw the reviews and gave it a try. Great selection and the burrito I ordered was awesome. Flavorful with some good sauces to chose from.  Quick service was a bonus.
5 My husband and I really enjoyed their food.  I had the carne asada burrito and my hubby had the mini tacos.  They use fresh tortillas instead of store bought ;).we will definitely be coming here again!  Loved it!
3 Just ok.   Tortillas are great! But everything else needed a serious dash of salt!   Me and the hubs got our food to go and it was so awkward in the restaurant. Smelled like Lysol and it was so quiet even though there were 5 other families in there. They are in need of some music! My husband was joking that the lights were interrogation lights. So bright and spotlights almost.  I would go back. I would tell someone to try it but not my favorite.
5 I came in here from a recommendation from a friend - and I HATE mexican food, absolutely can't stand any part of it.  BUT! The other people in my party really wanted to check it out so we did.  The service was friendly, the ambiance was kind-of fast food-ish, but still very well up kept and nice.  My food was terrific.  This coming from a person who hates mexican food, haha.  The other people in my party LOVED their food too.  Will definitely be looking forward to coming back. Job well done!!
5 Really solid food, very clean restaurant. It's not too greasy like some other fast food Mexican places that can leave you feeling not so great afterwards. This building has struggled keeping restaurants in here even though they've all been good. Come support this place so we don't lose another small business fast food joint!! On the flip side, prices might be a tad high. Wouldn't mind some daily deals or coupons.
5 Cheap, fast, decent atmosphere, and great flavor. You can't go wrong at Tosinos. We stepped in on a weekday for lunch and it wasn't crowded at all. The wall menu is digital, with pictures of their various items scrolling through the screens.  I ordered a carne asada burrito ($4.75). At less than $5, this was a great deal. The burrito was made in just a few minutes, huge and filled to the brim with lots of carne asada meat, guacamole, onion, and tomato. The salsa bar on the side had 2 different red sauces, a green sauce, and lime wedges, which were great condiments to compliment the burrito. The nicely grilled tortilla held all the ingredients in well.  The restaurant has a lot of booths for people to sit at, and compared to other places that serve similar quickie Mexican food (Los Favoritos, Filibertos), the atmosphere here is a step up from them!  Definitely a new favorite for Mexican food in this area!
4 I live around the corner and thought I would check this place out. I love Mexican food and thought that this place did a decent job. I thought it was very similar to Filibertos, nearly identical although not as greasy. I thought the prices were also a bit less. The chile verde, cheese quesadilla, rice, beans & taquitos were all very good. I will be back to try some of the other menu items.
5 Great food and price point . This was our first time here, but after the first bite all 3 kids asked if this can be our new go to Mexican food place. We ordered bean and cheese burrito, cheese quesadilla, carne asada tacos, and rolled tacos. My kids and I enjoyed all of it.  I especially liked the flavor of the beans. My 8yr old son proclaimed this is his new favorite place. The food wasn't greasy. We did add a bit of salt to the rolled tacos but I usually do that. I will definitely tell my friends and family give this place a try
5 First time here and it's so good! The tortillas are perfect. Food is cheap. Bf and I got breakfast burritos and chips & guac, all really fresh. Salsa has the pepper kick that I miss at most taco joints like this. Best hole in the wall Mexican fast food I've had since moving from Tucson.
4 When they have lengua and Cabesa on the menu you know you are in the right place.   Straight up this is some good classic Mexican food. Street tacos, fresh made orders and friendly staff. Great prices help as well.   I will definitely keep coming back here. I usually get the Tacos al pastor and am very satisfied. Daughter gets pollo asado burrito and she loves it.   Really if you are looking for a great Mexican place this is it. It isn't fine dining and no table service but is tasty tasty!!!
4 Pretty freakin good mex.  Think it's a notch above Senior Taco and a bit cheaper.  Good salsa.  Think the bar looks small because of how it is arranged, but still good.  My son ordered 4 hardshell tacos with nothing but lettuce and beef.   They got his order correct!  (yay) Worth the trip!  This cooking reminds me of my grandmother's style of Mexican.  There are many different types of "authentic" Mexican food, but this one has my vote, as it DEFINITELY reminds me of my Mexican grandmother's cooking.
5 Good food
4 The food is pretty authentic. The rellenos are home made. If you want quick Mexican food this is a great place.
5 Finally a taco shop in my area with flavor!!! I've ate at most of the taco shops in the east valley and I would either drive to Phoenix or Scottsdale to get decent taco shop food! Ladies working there were nice and it was priced great. I will defiantly go back.
5 Delicious! Authentic! Nice Staff!
4 Great carne asada tacos and Pico de gallo. Chips and guacamole were super fresh. Will definitely be back!
5 Sooo good. Friendly employees and the food is fresh and way better than any other fast food Mexican.
5 This place has awesome food! The price is perfect and have tried all kinds of different things. Def carna asada burrito is a must. I've visiting this place several times and yet to find something that I do not like!
3 it was average.  food was good, fresh but nothing overly special.  Portions were a bit small though.  I'd go there if I lived close, but not worth an extra drive for.  You won't be disappointed here but you won't be wowed either.
4 Super good food and it's family owned/operated so the service was great. The perfect combination if you dig supporting small businesses. Do it.
5 Our family loves Tosinos! We've eaten in and taken out, and the service is always quick! The staff is friendly and accommodating. Our food has always been great. We've tried the Carne asadas fries, the Super nachos, bean and cheese burrito, quesadilla, California burrito, and torta. My husband thinks cream should be included on the torta, which was his only complaint, but otherwise it's yummy. The meat is always yummy, even our 11 month old like it! The store is always clean, which is a must! It's definitely a place we'll continue to frequent as long as we live in Gilbert!
4 Good food and fast service from this one.  Breakfast burrito is on par with the best in the area.  Kids love the Carne Asada Fries as well as the Tosinos Fries.
5 Love this place! The food is always fresh and the cashiers are approachable and friendly.
5 One of the best burritos in the valley.    Tongue Tacos?   Yes, please!  This little hole in the wall is great if you want to get some really great mexican food.  We love it every time we visit here.
4 Nice place. Good food. You can smell the salon next door. I had the chimichanga. It comes with more veggies than I wanted but it was good. We would go there again.
2 We went here again tonight to give it another try and ya know I just don't like it. I really wish I did. I feel like everything is over salted.   I had carne Asada tacos and I wish they would buy better meat. It just tasted cheap.
1 Just got scolded by the restaurant for being so negative about their restaurant. Professional thanks!  Not EVERYONE has to like your food!
3 I had the carne Asada nachos! Pretty good, super loaded with carne Asada, beans, pico guac and sour cream n cheese! Shareable for sure! Place is small but cute and clean.
5 Loved the food. I have been a few times and every item I have ever ordered is fresh, hot and really good. Only complaint is my cabesa mini tacos were average. I like more substance to my cabesa tacos. Other than that, DELICIOSO. Great salsa, clean restaurant, friendly staff. Oh... And their dishes can be made Gluten-free! Yay for Celiac friendly restaurants!!
