5 Clean and relaxing atmosphere; Stepanie (a.k.a. Stephaine), made the whole visit thoroughly enjoyable. With a friendly smile and welcoming demeanor Stepanie provided excellent recommendations  and a receptive atmosphere.   Stephanie and the  staff at Stonegrill embody a customer centric attitude that makes this a must visit venue!
4 Really good shrimp enchiladas. Good flavors, nice oration size, and really nice service. I will definitely head back there. I enjoyed it greatly.
3 This place is pretty good! The food is surprisingly good for it's low key yet clean atmosphere. The dinner rolls are not on the menu, but they are to die for! Really like their salad. The reason I gave it 3 stars instead of four is because the service is not so organized. First of all, they got a lot of people's orders wrong. Secondly, they overcharged people in my party left or right. When I went back to complain about being overcharged, they charged me for the corrected price but never voided the uncorrected charge causing my credit card to be placed on fraud alert and placed on hold. A huge headache for a bunch of incompetent waiters and management. Pretty disappointing for such an amazing JW Marriott...
2 It's been several years since I've been here and I see the name has changed from blue sage to stone grill. Along with that change came a change to the breakfast buffet, and not for the better. The price is the same, but the selection has dropped dramatically. I was also disappointed with the service. The place was empty and we saw our server twice while we were there. Doubt I will go back again. It's a shame because it used to be so good.
5 They made baked eggs with braised short ribs. Outstanding. Even though the waitstaff had not heard that this was available  (we had seen it online), they went to the kitchen to ask if we could have this breakfast item for dinner. One of the chefs said (s)he could do it, and voila it was brought to our table in cast iron pans, perfectly prepared and one of the best dishes we have had having eaten all over the world. Then, to show their appreciation for our interest in their food, the waitstaff comped my espresso. What a lovely gesture. We will be going back to try other things, but we may have to fight with ourselves to because my wife and I just loved this special dish.
4 We stopped in early evening last night for our first visit. It wasn't too busy yet and we got a table right away. Service was a bit slow at first but got better. The sweet corn fondue with tortilla chips was excellent. Our entrees, salmon and braised short rib, were very good also. We each had one drink and our bill with gratuity was just under $100. I would definitely recommend this place to others and will most certainly return to try other things.
5 We arrived with a group of ten tired and hungry business associates. We were greeted with a big smile by Yvonne.  We ordered a round if drinks and wine for everyone to relax with along with some appetizers. We had lettuce wraps and homemade guacamole - all of which was thoroughly enjoyed.   The popovers were a great surprise and absolutely delicious.  We all ordered different items from Caesar salad to short ribs, everything was cooked to perfection.   Service was top notch, decor is gorgeous, food was delicious.    We had made our reservation on Open a Table and they even called us from the restaurant to ask if we preferred sitting inside or outside.   Not your run of the mill hotel restaurant. A real pleasant surprise!
3 Came here for lunch with my girlfriends since we were enjoying a spa day at the same hotel.  No one was at the hostess stand when we arrived and it wasn't until I started to walk in towards the restaurant when someone finally acknowledged our group of 7.  I ordered their hamburger (no cheese) medium well with french fries.  It was tasty and cooked just the way I liked it.  Our server was nice but he didn't refill our waters often and we honestly didn't see him too much.  I wouldn't eat here again but for convenience, it did it's job.
4 This place really hit the spot. Great decor and cool atmosphere. Price point about right for a resort in Scottsdale. Quick tip: if you get the resort package it comes with a dessert or appetizer for free per entree.   My wife got the salmon and I had the short rib. Both were delicious, prepared correctly, and seasoned to perfection. The short rib was tender and placed on a bed of Mash with veggies. The salmon was pan seared with a sauce, perfect temperature, and not over glazed.   We had the corn queso for the appetizer and the chocolate cake for dessert. Both were adequate, but nothing special.   I would recommend this place to anyone staying at the JW Marriott.
3 the atmosphere was beautiful on a summer's night while outside on the patio.  The drinks were flowing in and our friends were having a good time.  Now the food, it was OK.  Nothing mind-blowing when we started to chow down.  The drinks and ambiance made it for me that night though.
3 Wayyyy over priced! Two burgers and three drinks almost $80 that's a bit much! It was not even the best burger I've ever had. For that go to Diablo burger in Flagstaff Arizona! The place is very clean the wait staff extremely professional and attentive. I would just not order cocktails!
