5 This is the place to go for sushi and sashimi. Very fresh! The staff are very attentive and cheerful.  I go every week.  They have some very creative sushi. I tried a monkfish liver roll based on the chef's recommendation...surprisingly it  was very tasty!  Added bonus, it's quiet enough you can have a conversation while eating awesome food!
4 This little sushi spot which always has managed to cheer up my day has new ownership. This restaurant Sushi Doraku, which still bares the name of Fresh Wasabi on the outside, has been taken over by one of the previous chefs and has rightfully made it his own while still keeping a lot of the same favorite sushi rolls from Fresh Wasabi available.  The change in ownership has allowed the chef to be more inventive and creative with his rolls. He created a new extra spicy roll "on the spot" because he asked my husband how he likes his sushi rolls. It was like ordering a cocktail and asking how he liked it, and well, my husband loves his sushi rolls to be as spicy as they come. We were surprised with a roll that did not disappoint. We asked the chef, how would we know how to order this new roll again, and he said just ask for the 911 Roll after a few minutes of thought.   The Fire Roll remains my favorite! Who doesn't love a roll that can be set on fire before your eyes?! What's even better is the fact that this roll, although as raw as can be, can take on the flavor of food that's been smoked and barbecued. How do  they do that?  I will remain faithful to this sushi spot because I love the traditional fare that they have available like my sweet shrimp (the heads are fried similar to soft shelled crabs and the bodies remain pure and are sprinkled with some orange roe on top). The shrimp really does have a sweet flavor and combined with the saltiness of the fried heads - they make an unlikely but pleasant duo. I often judge true sushi restaurants based on how they make this classic nigiri with a twist. Also, Uni is not always available but the fact that they do carry it is also a delicacy that I'm glad they only serve fresh. Although I'm not a huge fan of uni, also known as sea urchin, my husband is, so he's always thrilled when they do have it.
5 This restaurant is so good that I'm writing the review before I leave. Sushi Doraku had the best sushi offerings I'm the north valley, very good reverse happy hour (7:30-9 pm) deals, and a great service minded staff. speaking of their sushi rolls, they offer excellent diversity, including creative sushi rolls I haven't seen anywhere else, like their geisha roll that has mango sauce on it.  This will be our new go to sushi bar.
4 So I was walking by and decided to stop in.  it's under new ownership/management .  This used to be named Fresh Wasabi.   Ownership changed in the Summer of 2013, but Yelp and all their marketing /signage is just getting started.  I ordered some standard fare - a spicy Tuna roll, spicy scallop, and something called a double climax.  I was a little disappointed that they didn't have squid or octopus on their sushi menu.  I also thought the spicy tuna was a bit lack luster and not that spicy - but it was all made up when I got the Climax roll.  HOLY MOLY was that good and spicy.  Maybe they make their spicy tuna roll less spicy, for the casual non-regular sushi eater?    The people there are nice and again - I want to support the small/local business community.   You definitely need to try out this place.  You will like the rolls and its good sushi in the North Lake Pleasant area.
4 I visited this place for the first time today and the sushi was really good! I wouldnt say it was the best sushi ive ever had but the price was very fair. The service was very friendly and I will most definitly be returning.
4 I visited this place for the first time today and the sushi was really good! I wouldnt say it was the best sushi ive ever had but the price was very fair. The service was very friendly and I will most definitly be returning.
5 This place used to be Fresh Wasabi, which was meh. Now it is AWESOME! We had to stick to cooked rolls because I'm pregnant but I can't WAIT to come back and try the real stuff in a few weeks after baby is here! Service is great, food very fresh! Much better than the other option across the street.
5 This place is very good for both sushi and service! The sushi they serve is always delicious and the service is fast and efficient. The decor is pleasing and they play very nice mood music, I would recommend to anyone!!
4 Very good sushi menu and excellent quality food. Great service. Wine list is very limited (one white house, one red house etc) and could be better but beer selection is good (Asian and domestic). Will definitely be back.  If you do decide to do a better wine list, please include an oakey Chardonnay like Sonoma Cutrer!
4 We wanted to dine here several times before reviewing. In short, we really like this place. Freshly prepared rolls, nice selection, reasonable prices and outstanding service. Each meal ends with a complimentary "dessert" - just sliced oranges with whipped creme and sweet topping - but a really nice touch!
2 Had high expectations of this place based on the reviews. Was deciding between Doraku and Squid Ink across the street. The wait staff was accommodating and friendly, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about this place.  Cons: 1) The wait for food. It took over 30 minutes to even receive our first dish! The restaurant wasn't terribly busy and we were already really hungry.  2) Serving portion. For about $12 / roll, the sushi portions were very meager. Expected more. 3) Taste. The sushi was okay. Definitely had better tasting and fresher sushi before. The most disappointing item was the "ramen". First, it wasn't advertised to be spicy, but it was. Secondly, this was NOT Japanese ramen. It was a pack of Korean Nong Shim Shin Ramyun that I could have bought and prepare for under $1 from an Asian market. They threw some meat inside and called it "ramen". They charged $8 for this.   Should have went with the other sushi place across the street.
4 Had the bento box.  Good for peripheral food on the new community area.  If it was downtown/ biltmore area it probably would've come in at 3 stars.
1 Stay away!! My daughter and I ate here yesterday and both have been violently ill --- I'm sure we are experiencing the symptoms of food  poisoning ---food was tasty but not worth the risk!!
5 This place was really good.  Great happy hour. Fantastic service. Will definitely be back.
5 The sushi is very fresh and very well prepared. The selection is as good as any other sushi place and the service is 2nd to none. Highly recommend this place for all sushi lovers!
2 We arrived around 7:15 and they were not busy. Happy Hour starts at 7:30 so they got busy and only one server did not cut it. She was nice but couldn't keep up with 7 tables, then 8. The sushi chefs (2) couldn't keep up either. Waited almost 45 minutes for our roll. The tuna sushi was not good as it had some kind of gristle in it and I couldn't eat either piece. The chicken katsu was horrible as well, super thin, cold, just didn't taste freshly prepared. Avocado salad would have been really good if it wasn't downed in salad dressing. This is not our first time here but it very well may be our last. Too bad since Japanese is usually my first choice and there's nothing else nearby.
5 I love this place, it is very small and is a little pricey but they have some of the best sushi.  If you have ever been to Fresh Wasabi you know the sushi is great.  We always get the climax roll which is my favorite.  I usually have my wife order all the rest since I am good with just that roll.  It is a little casual place for lunch and I think they have some specials but I never order them.  Don't come with a big group but its not a bad quick date place since the food is so great.
4 Great sushi, excellent service, zero complaints. We went there because we walked out of Squid Ink across the street due to bad service. The waitress at Doraku made up for it 100%, very genuine, personable and prompt.  The crazy avocado and garlic edamame are delicious. So is the sushi, though I wish the baked lobster roll would not taste smoked.  I would recommend this place to everybody!
