5 I have never seen a dog hotel like this one.  Its the Four Seasons for pets.  Massage, grooming, gourmet food, and very affordable.
5 Hands down the best pet hotel and boarding. Super nice, clean, offers everything. Haircuts, training, pool, staff is friendly. Price is actually pretty great!
5 I love my dog as a son and find it hard to trust anyone with him. This hotel is unlike any other. I sleep well knowing he could not be in better hands. Thank you!!!
5 The best place in Vegas, with No cages.  Went here on the recommendation of a neighbor, and I am continually impressed by the quality of care and customer service Our dog love it there! The staff and owner are kind and attentive. The place is Super clean and amazing. They were very friendly and so helpful, can't wait to bring him back! Thank you
5 Luxe Pet Hotels has grabbed a new niche in the Las Vegas market!! It is hands down the most welcoming place to bring you're pets in the city. The amenities are over the top and the friendly service makes you feel at ease leaving you're dogs or cats there for long periods of time. Most importantly the dogs absolutely love it! Once you take you're pets to Luxe Pet Hotels for boarding or grooming you will never take them anywhere else again!!!
5 Luxe pet hotel is an excellent place to leave my bon bon, I never leave him at boarding hotels but after touring luxe and meeting the friendly staff and owners and saw how spotless and beautiful the vicinity is I immediately was relieved to leave my pup there while I had to go out of town last minute , it's an all in one as well, grooming, obedience classes and a boutique , got him such a cute sweater :) Thanks luxe!
5 It's a 5-star hotel for pets! The facility is brand new, very large, very clean and has nice, spacious kennels (with flat screen TVs for watching movies) plus "high roller suites" that are bigger than my own bedroom. The indoor/outdoor play area is very roomy and the outdoor section has turf, fire posts and a cabana! They also offer training and grooming. My dog had a great time staying there for 3 nights and was treated like royalty. It is very close to our condo, just a few minutes away, which makes it very convenient for me to drop off on my way to work. I am so pleased to have a place to trust completely with my precious pooch.
5 Such an awesome place that has lots to offer my Maltese. The different rooms they offer are awesome. Something that would be great from people lol. Lots of amenities for her  and staff was extremely friendly and caring. This is the only place I'll take my dog whenever I'm in vegas.
5 This is the best place by far we  have taken the girls to. Not only is it so clean and the place itself is so fun, but the service they give is over and beyond!!! We had a last minute change with another dog care place and Zaneta and her fiance Bobby were so great to us and took us immediately. Zaneta went even further and sent me pictures of the girls everyday I was gone just to reassure me they were happy and having lots of fun. I usually am a little nervous when I leave them but I didn't feel that at all with this place. And usually when I pick the girls up they are really crazy and crying and are weird for a few days, but when I went to go get them from here they acted as if they were too busy having fun to come see me! lol! We are never going to go anywhere else!!!!  Thank you so much Luxe Pet Hotel!!!! Bayla and Lola can't wait to come and play again.
5 There is NO other place to take your pet in Las Vegas!! The owners of this place love the animals there and have put a beautiful place together for their care. Our puppy is like our kid and we are so thankful that we found this place. Just go....you have to!
5 Great.   Staff are super nice, facilities are great, place is clean.  Thank you!  Thanks my whole review, fuck you yelp for not letting me post it because it's too short.
5 Very nice hotel and the staff were very friendly. They even send me pictures of my dogs when they were playing With other dogs.
5 Great service and amazing facility. We enjoyed our stay in Vegas knowing our pets were well cared for. Our pets came back to us happy and relaxed. Thank you!
5 Our doggy Hercules thanks Luxe Pet Hotels for the care and excellent service!  The facilities are nice, staff considerate... Wouldn't hesitate to bring our dog here next time.
5 Yesterday was the first day we took our puppy to their doggy daycare. This was the first time he was ever put into a situation with multiple dogs & I was extremely nervous but I wanted to get him socialized as soon as possible. From the moment we got there I felt comfortable. We were given a tour of the place & kevin was able to sniff around. When we picked him up later he was so tired. He slept from 8:00pm to 7:00am! Everyone here is super friendly & very accommodating to each dog. I'm so happy we found this place! If you want your dog to have a fun day, take him here!!
5 After taking my dog to 4 different places for grooming I decided that I was not going to find a place where I can trust the service that was offered for my best friend.  Finally I decided to give one last chance and try this place.  Needless to say I was very happy with with the staff unfortunately I don't remember the Russian accent lady that helped us but she was amazing, the groomer did an outstanding job.  To finalize my review if you like to spoil your friend while visiting vegas.  This is the place where you will have piece of mind that your pet will have as much fun as you would.  Definitely coming back :)
5 We are from Los Angeles and I needed a boarding facility and day care while we were in Vegas.  It's always scary to take your dogs to a new place, but this place is better than I could have ever wished for.  We were given a tour of the facility and shown exactly where my dogs would be staying and I was able to leave my dogs' favorite pillow.  They accommodated their special diet needs and were able to give one of my dog's their medicine.  During our vacation, they sent me pictures of how my dogs were doing (it was an excellent touch).  When I picked my dogs up I could tell my dogs had a great time.  I don't think it gets better than this place.
