3 This place definitely caters to the macaron trend. They have two sizes in a wide variety of flavours and colours.  Since I don't really understand the draw of the macaron, I stuck to the regular pastry case. Tried the fruit tart, a chocolate eclair, a sort of caramel chocolate tart, and a slice of mille-feuille (Napoleon) along with a small iced coffee to go.  All of the pastries seemed pretty fresh and were very well made. I wasn't too impressed with the flavour, though. Something that should have been quite decadent was sub-par. I wish I had gone with some of the warm pastry breads instead. They also have breakfast and lunch, but we were here just for dessert. None of the drinks are listed on the menu which was odd. They also only had soy or skim milk on the bar for my coffee.  The interior is very austere and modern with a really cool vintage power mixer in the corner, apparently the owner's own, but didn't seem very warm or inviting as I expect a bakery to be. This is a neighborhood in east Phoenix, not Manhattan.  Overall, a very meh experience. Usually a new business needs the wiggle room to grow into their own feet, but since Essence is already well established in their other location in Tempe, I have to just assume I'm not the target clientele and my experience is quite different from the regulars'.
4 A great cafe that offers a sleek setting for some fresh eats, but it is the pastries that justify a trip across town.  Owner/Baker Eugenia Theodosopoulos and her French training is much appreciated and we relish being able to get a world class macaroon without having to put up with French snobbery.
5 Biked here for breakfast this morning and both enjoyed what we got. My husband had the eggs benedict and I had a fried egg sandwich. Both were delish.  Unfortunately, the coffee is just okay. We also got an eclair to go (not realizing it was $6!), which was really good as long as you don't mind it has a chocolate filling (with whiskey in it we were told).   I already know the macaroons are good, so we didn't need to get any of those this time around.   We'll definitely be back.
1 Horrible, service was terrible the pasteries tasted like two day old batter that you left out on the counter. I wouldn't recommend this place it sucked and I can only give this one star but if I could I would give it zero never go here!!!!!!!!!!!
1 It pains me to have to write this review.  However, 4 visits in the first week and no improvement, makes me think its management and not growing/new opening pains.  Were to start....I will start with the experience that actually motivated me to write this review followed by the experience I had today.  Essence claim to fame is the Macaroon, so naturally being able to walk in and get a macaroon or variety of macaroon is important (have to do at least your claim to fame really well)  So I stopped in Saturday (following Friday lunch were they ran out of cheese) to buy 10 mini macaroons.  I waited in line and then promptly ordered when it was my turn.  While ordering they looked in the case to see if they had what I ordered so I assumed that they would be pulling my macaroons out of the case.  So I then peered into the case and ordered what I saw was available.  I should have know something was wrong then because she was not grabbing and putting them in a bag.  Next after repeating my order (which I have had to do every single time I have gone in) she gives me a number and says it is for my coffee.  So I am standing there twiddling my thumbs watching everyone behind me get their pastries and macaroons and leave.  So I ask "May I have my macaroons?"  This is followed by that will be 5-10 minutes for your macaroons!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WTH are you kidding me, I just watched you give 5 people after me their macaroons.  Then one of the other women says "Well it takes 5-10 minutes for special orders"  DUDE YOU ARE A MACAROON STORE, ordering 10 mini macaroons is not a special order.    Then this is now followed by "Well they are making them in the back"  followed by a sarcastic response from me, "really they are making them in the back"  "YES"  This is were I start to lose it.  There is nothing I HATE more than being LIED to.  I watched them dodge me and never go into the back to "make them" and proceed to pull them out of the very case I ordered them from.  I also watched a gentlemen come in and order 10 mini macaroons and get them right then, pay and walk out.  So I point this out to the women that told me they were being made in back and mine was a special order and she looks at me and goes "OK".  I get you are busy, but lying and being rude doesn't help the situation.  In fact to repeat myself I hate being lied to and why lie when the customer is standing there watching you not go in back and serve other people food.    Brings me to today, I thought okay Emily, you are being way too hard on this bakery they just opened.  So my friend and I decide to go in for Brunch.  I ordered the turnover and got my food oddly fast.  Well that is because it was ICE COLD.  so I walked up with my plate and ask if they turnover was suppose to be served cold (never know) and she says no.  I so try to hand her my plate and she is looking at me like I am weird.  Then asks me to take my knife and fork and goes Ill heat it up......I reply "are you going to nuke it"??!?!?!?  She goes "Ill ask for a new one"  Almost like she was doing me a favor.    Sit back down, wait FOREVER for the new turnover (definitely did not put a rush on the turnover)  New plate hot turnover come out, and now COLD eggs.  It was at that moment I gave up.  No apology, no free mini macaroon, in fact they could seem to care less that they are the problem, and not the customer.  I understand new openings, but with a new opening generally comes customer service.  Everyone is running around like they were not trained.  You have customers coming in ordering who have never been to your store and you cant even tell them what sodas you have or were they are located.    If you are going to place your drinks around the corner, put a sign out informing your customers what beverages you serve.  Instead I tried to order a couple different things before they told me the drinks were in a case around the corner.  So to summarize, I find the staff rude, the service slow, uninformative. and food mediocre.  It will probably do well because it is in Arcadia, however this Arcadian who loves macaroon will not go back unless its because the other dining party wants to go and I will continue to drive to Classic Cake and Confections to get my macaroons at least they act like they appreciate my business.
1 You might be asking yourself, "Lance, why do you go to places like this, you're clearly a man's man, who takes no prisoners, and loves bad bitches" TRUE. Valid points.  Keeping prisoners in my house would be burdensome and annoying so I generally don't do it, and my love for bad bitches is equal to my love for getting vulgar on yelp.  However, I get dragged to places like this by a woman who thinks places like this are cute. I complain, but I go for the writing material, and to get it out of the way. Otherwise, I'll be hearing about trying this place for the next 5 months.  Some people think I'm angry, some people think this is rude and disrespectful. Fuck all y'all.  If my business was shitty (not possible, but lets roll with the hypothetical) I would appreciate hearing about it and try to fix it.  Sadly, this is the 2nd location of a place that's been open forever and not the first review where people bring these facts up....so do they just not care?  Moving ON:  No one that's ever worked for, or at this company has spent more than 10 seconds thinking about business decisions, process, or even money.  I'm talking general currency, how it works....how we can exchange it for goods...how to get more of it...preferably in a shorter period of time.....like prior to death.  GET THE FUCK OFF ME SON.  There's 3 distinct things going on at this place  1) People are trying to order food, from a menu, at a counter...ok simple enough.  2) People are trying to order a pastry, or maybe $200 worth of them at same counter  3) People are trying to get coffee drinks.....or are they?  SEPARATE YOUR FUCKING CUSTOMERS  Group 3 is basically fucked, because there is no drink menu.  There is thousands of dollars of barrister equipment sitting over in a corner, but it's a complete waste if no one even knows what to order. A baby could figure this shit out.  If your theory is: "WELL WE CAN MAKE ANYTHING"...well fuck yourself, because most humans are crippled by open ended decisions, and I didn't see shit coming out of that area the entire time I was here.  I was asked what I wanted to drink...and I said..ummm....? I suppose water...you have to have that, right? FAIL 1. Drinks are always the money maker. They should be front and center.  Group 2 is a bunch of old women who want to bring like 60 macaroons back to their house and have a retirement party. Pure golden girls shit.."Let's get 20, no 30 no 100...ahhhahah....lets do 3 dozen of one and 4 x 2/3 dozens of each of these other 3 hhaha..MACAROON heaven!!! Ohhh gloria you old bag, I promise I won't tell your doctor...my grandkids are going to shit themselves worse than Gladys did last night at bingo" FUCK OUT THE WAY. I'm hung over, and I'm starving....Get Themla and Louise over to their own register like every other place that offers bakery items....OR fucking come to my table and wait on me. I don't know the split of your revenue, but whatever it is, segregate this shit. Sorry bout it Brown Vs. Board of Education.  Group 1 is me, I don't eat sweets, because I save my diabetes risk for alcohol. Also, I"m hungry and NO MOTHER FUCKERS I DON'T WANT SALAD.  You can have any side you want, as long as it's potato salad or shitty leaves we picked off the bushes in the front. WRONG ANSWER.  Every place like this has a burger...thank fucking god..because when women start restaurants like this...strictly for other women..someone says: "I know this is going to sound crazy....but what if a man comes in??...like by accident or whatever??? Ok fine, we'll make a burger...BUT we'll look down on you when you order it, we'll take 40 minutes to make it, and we'll assume you're a republican, with no soul, your life is probably in a downward spiral, you probably beat your wife, and also NEVER COME BACK EVER fuckface man."  So anyways, I got the burger....it was actually good, but it didn't fill me up, and neither did the 7 leaf salad....so I went to Pita Jungle where I ordered, ate, and paid in less time than I waited in line at whatever this place is called I'm reviewing.  PS: There's fricken 12 people working in here.There's also 12 people working at Zipps across the way. Which is at least 5x bigger, bar + full menu and is ASS PACKED. Lesson: Process improvement.
1 Horrible customer service at this location, they need to get it together. On my first visit, a part of my order was missing, which I only discovered once I got home. The next time, I wanted to pay for a lunch order during breakfast and come back later to pick it up; this is something that I've done at the Tempe location. I was told by the front end manager Polly, in a rather unapologetic and rude manner, that this is not something that they will do at this location- but the owner is the same,so what is the reason for this? The policies should be the same for each location!! It is extremely difficult to call in an order during lunch at Essence Bakery, FYI. I also ordered a dessert and the cashier once again forgot to put it in my bag, I realized it wasn't there and had to ask for it. I understand that this location is new, but the level of customer service I've received has been rather poor. The food is good, but not worth the hassle!   Essence Bakery has lost a loyal customer.
4 Ok, I think that there are clearly some growing pains here.  We had some challenging service this morning...and some delays.  But I have been a fan of Essence in the Tempe location and am happy to support my neighborhood location.  New staff, new processes, time needed.    I have been here 4 times since they opened the new location:  First time, breakfast on a weekday, smooth as silk!  Second time, Saturday breakfast with the family, all 10 of us and we got a spot, pulled tables together, ordered at 4 different times, had good food and great macaroons. Third time, order to go, no problem!  Fourth time, Sunday breakfast with 7 of us, ordered at 4 different times, a bit chaotic...but hey, we're with loved ones, so all is well!  I will be patient for this lovely restaurant to get it's second location running as smoothly as the Tempe location runs.  Because they support local growers, they are a local business, and they have been lovely to me and my family each time we've gone.
3 Nice atmosphere. the breakfast is good. The staff seems friendly enough.  The macaroons are disappointing.although tasty, they are a little soggier than I would prefer. The Union at Biltmore has far better macaroons than these and 2-3 times the variety.
3 As a long time weekly customer of the Tempe location, I was very excited that this location opened up in my neighborhood. One by work (Tempe) one by home (Phx). Since I usually eat there for lunch while at work, it took me a while to try the new spot, which I did today for the first time.  Food: Excellent Interior: New, modern, spacious - very nice Ordering process: Annoying Parking: VERY limited - go during off peak hours  The new location is really nice and open; it feels much less cramped than the Tempe location. I ordered the special which was soup and salad with one of my favorite Essence soups - the butternut squash - and it was great, as always.  So I think the food will be good at both locations, but I did notice some of the issues that the other reviewers pointed out.  1 - I was in line behind a group of people standing at the counter trying to decide what to order. They were taking forever and never stepped to the side to let other "ready" customers place their orders. There are two registers and one line, but some people cut in front of me and went to the other register...they need to be more clear about the lines and how to order. Most people go there for lunch and have limited time, so efficiency is important. It is the same way at Tempe, but I think because the place is smaller it's easier to figure out what's going on and how the flow works.  2 - PARKING - there is not enough parking! This drives me nuts!!! Why open a restaurant that seats more than 10 tables and have only 10 parking spots. A building with a tiny parking lot is NOT a good location for a restaurant. There are no side streets to park on either. This is like another LGO situation...no parking and I refuse to valet my car to get a salad and dessert to go.(at LGO, Essence does not offer valet) I'm just making the point that you lose customers if there is not enough parking.
5 My early lunch partner and I went Friday to lovely new cafe. I had the egg sandwich and she the big breakfast.  We have been fans of the Tempe site for years. What is wonderful about this place is the quality and care that goes into the food.  The eggs are not overcooked, but actually still creamy and sprinkled with chives. My egg sandwich was on a fresh brioche made at the restaurant.  The potatoes on the big breakfast wasn't the usual fried hashbrowns, but a potato galette with a crisp exterior.   Our order was more than enough for the two of us (we ended up getting a chocolate croissant to split).  We are average eaters---I don't look at meals as an opportunity to "fill up," but I never skip a meal, either.    This end of Indian School is becoming quite the restaurant row.  Essence is a nice addition.
1 I decided to stop in for some baked goods and coffee for dessert after lunch.  We found ourselves at the counter between 2 registers not being helped due to our unfortunate location whilst perusing the baked goods display.  Whatever.  We ordered an almond cookie, a chocolate macaroon and a chocolate almond croissant.  This came out to about 10 dollars.  Seeing as I didn't see coffee on the menu and had no idea what kind of pricing they decided to place on it I decided to get  the coffee elsewhere.  Make sure you watch them fill your order, the lady tried to give me a regular chocolate croissant.  So the macaroon I decided I like.  Its like a dense raw-in-the-middle brownie.  Or a truffle brownie dumpling.  Delightful.    The cookie is mediocre.  I don't think I'd get it again.  The chocolate almond croissant was DELICIOUS!  Then I uncovered a short black curly hair that I couldn't come up with any alternative for besides originating from someone's lower pubic region.    For the price they charge for their goods, I should be able to expect a hairless experience.  Even if it was a head hair or an eyelash I may have just brushed it off, no pun intended.
1 I've been a fan of the Tempe location and was excited by the prospect of having one open closer to home.  While the food was excellent, the service is a nightmare.  The person taking orders was clearly not trained well.  While we waited for our food, they tried to deliver the wrong order to the table next to us and then acted like it was the customer's fault.  Our food arrived and and both meals were delicious.  Then the snag.....there was a bone about two inches long and the diameter of a toothpick in my chicken pot pie.  Since this could actually be dangerous if swallowed, I felt like I should let the manager know.  I made it clear that the food was great but that I thought they should be aware of the bone problem.  The manager just shrugged and said, "We cook our own chickens and sometimes that happens."  This response was wrong in so many ways.  No "I'm sorry," "We"ll check into it so it doesn't happen again," or even a "Let us buy you a cookie."  Just a shrug and an excuse.  The food is good, but not worth putting yourself through the shoddy customer service.
5 I love the original Essence in Tempe, and I'm thrilled that there is now one so much closer to me.  The baked goods are simply the best in the entire valley, without question.  I've lived in San Francisco and Seattle, two cities with many excellent bakeries, and have found it quite difficult here.  Enter Essence to the rescue, thank you!  To those of you with the one star reviews, wow.  Have to say, I think most of the negative reviews show much more about the persons writing them than the bakery.  That is not to say things are perfect here.  If I could give 4 1/2 stars I would.  But the pastries are so great that I cannot in good conscience give a 4 star rating, so I rounded up to 5.  Parking is awful.  It can be a bit chaotic at the counter when they are busy (but where isn't that true?).  And yesterday I tried to phone in an order for 7 of their boxes of mini-pastries for a friend's birthday party, but was told it was first come first served.  I would happily have given them a credit card over the phone, but apparently you can only do that on orders of 12 or more.  I can see that with single pastries, but not with the boxes.  As a result I chose to go elsewhere for pastries, even though I far prefer Essence.  So, please, please, management of Essence, rethink this policy.
4 So nice to finally have an Essence nearby!  Love their French toast with the banana caramel sauce!
2 I was hoping for more.  I really was.  I just got back - this is my fourth time there, always for breakfast/pastries, always willing to drop more money than usual.  If you're not a fan of reading a story, let me just sum it up:  go to Starbucks instead.  From a visual aesthetics perspective, it's not too shabby.  The place has a little bit of curb appeal, an unusually large mixer that's clearly for display purposes, and a semi-minimalistic kitschy interior.  Okay, this might not be bad...  But then you see the line.  It's sort of a cluster of people standing around the front, with a theme that implies the line starts near the door, sort of.  At 7:30AM, the crowd made me want to stand in line to get OUT of the place, not in.  Nonetheless, I made my way to order.  I was glad to see some breakfast items that I could relate to, and ultimately decided on something I wouldn't make at home: quiche lorraine.  I was promised it was "amazing".  It wasn't.  Now, take a 21 min intermission, because that's how long it took to get my food (yes, it took so long I started to pay attention to it).  First, let me just say that I know what a microwaved pastry tastes like.  Been there, done that.  This was more of the same.  If something is warm on the edges, but cold in the middle, consider the microwave.  F*ck, that was a waste of time and money.  I would ask for them to heat it up, but alas, look at that damn line.  My friend, who was having the french scrambled eggs, told me that it was nothing amazing.  Pretty basic.  So I had a bad experience and he had an "acceptable" experience.  Score: 3/5  On another trip, I lucked out, because there wasn't a line.  It's like the clouds parted and there was an open register.  I walked up, ordered some huevos frenchos, and took my seat.  Cue a 16 minute wait - hey, they're improving.  This time around, my food was decent.  I couldn't complain.  Taking advantage of the lack of line, I went back up and asked if they had coffee.  The kind gentleman gave me a cup, pointed to the coffee jug, and said "$2.26".  Wow, at least in Starbucks they'll fill the cup up for me at that price.  That's the recurring theme here on the food.  Moderately (not severely) expensive, with products that don't seem to match that expectation.  Now, I must say, ALL the pastries that I have tried, especially the macaroons, are delicious.  However, even the cost of a macaroon is more expensive here in Phoenix than the macaroons at Bouchon, a Thomas Fuckin' Keller creation.  This places charges considerably more and isn't even on par.  Yikes.  Funny part is, that complaint about the macaroons is really about 65 cents.  Oh well, I digress to digest.  I'll save my parking rant, whatthehelldoyouhavetodrink? rant, and more for some other time.
2 45 minute wait for overpriced mediocre eggs and raw, soggy, french toast and it wasn't even busy. The people who were there all wore Lulu Lemon yoga pants and clearly didn't go to yoga by the looks of their hair and makeup. Not my crowd. Grabbed a few macaroons on the way out that were delicious, only reason I am giving 2 stars.
2 It pains me to write this review, it really does. I really wanted to like this place, I've heard amazing things about the Tempe location (which unfortunately I haven't been to) and was excited that there was a location nearby to visit. The location itself is really cute. It kind of reminds me of NCounter in Tempe.   Positives:  -It's a really cute cafe. The decor is kitschy and cute, with a huge mixer in the front. I like the overall minimalist design. -I like the fact that you order at the counter, even though in a large group it can be a little annoying to have food come out in rounds.  -I can see why people come here, for the baked goods. I got a chocolate croissant to share with my group and everyone agreed it was delicious.  -The food was pretty delicious. I tried a bite of my boyfriend's french toast and the banana caramel sauce is to die for.  Onto the unfortunate negatives:  Issue #1: The staff was inconsistent. Either they were overly friendly & attentive or couldn't be bothered. Case in point-The lady who took my order was very friendly & peppy. She was very helpful at offering suggestions and even up sold me on getting a pastry to share with my group while we waited for our food. Once we got our food, it was difficult to flag any of the staff down if we needed anything and if we were successful-it took an awfully long time to get what we asked for.   Issue #2: My friend and I ordered the exact same dish but got different amounts of food. My friend noted that she felt it was overpriced for what she was getting, but then was kind of upset to see that my order had way more potatoes than hers did. There should be a standard there, especially if it's pretty obvious we're at the same table?  Issue #3: The amount of time it took for our food to arrive. I understand if you're like crazy busy, but it was only moderate on our visit. Each of us pretty much ate our entire meal before the next person got their food. I understand we ordered separately but the timing was pretty close between orders.   Perhaps this place is experiencing growing pains? I don't know. I'd like to make a return visit, but I will probably wait a bit. Hopefully I can update this review with more stars.
5 I'll admit I'm a breakfast snob and am a bit picky when it comes to my favorite meal of the day.  Today was daddy-daughter date breakfast and my 11 year old is pickier about breakfast  than me.  We both loved the Huevos Frenchos!  I substituted the mashed potato cake and she added sausage.  Service was good. Price fair to high. I'm willing to pay fr a great meal.  The pastry case looks amazing...we'll have to try it on our next breakfast date.  Off to school!
5 The mini macaroons at $1.40 a piece are worth every penny! 1 is all you need. My fiance was rolling his eyes at me when I insisted that we pay $3 for 2 bite size salted caramel cookies. And then he put it in his mouth. Wait for it....wait for it....BAM! I love it when I'm right :) 2 hours later he was still thinking about that cookie & said he wished we would have splurged and gotten the big ones.   They are new to the neighborhood. I read a couple of reviews that indicated they may not have gotten their sea legs yet. Give them a chance. We stopped in because I'd been hearing some buzz about those delicious little cookies. Didn't have time to stay for lunch, but the menu sounded so good I thought about grabbing something to go. We'll definitely go back to check it out.
4 3 words - Chocolate Almond Croissant. Not just chocolate, not just almond but BOTH! Together in an unholy, delicious union! This made my morning a delight.   I went back for lunch the same day and had a wonderful chicken pot pie. It's not the usual huge pot pie you might find in the freezer section; instead it's a smaller, lighter, flakier, tastier version. It's served with a very simple salad of greens lightly dressed with vinaigrette in the French manner.  I liked it because you don't leave feeling like you have a lead brick in your stomach. The best way I could describe it is - elegant comfort food. Now go get one of those croissants!   Note - they are closed on Mondays. Those days I have to make do with a cardboard protein bar. Sigh.
5 I went here for lunch the other day and ordered their Roasted Vegetable and Hummus sandwich and it was much better than I expected! I'm normally a meat eater but had been eating bad all week and decided I should order something "healthier".  I wasn't in the mood for a salad so I decided to try it and I was sooo pleased I did! It had so much flavor and was very filling! I didn't miss the meat at all! I didn't try the macaroons on this visit but have had them at their tempe location and they are fantastic! I will definitely be back!
4 So happy to see Essence make it's way into my neck of the woods. I am kinda shocked at the rating so far, but maybe it has to do with a rough opening. I ordered the chicken club sandwich and it was everything I expected. I totally blew it though, stupid diet reasons made me pass on the macaroons. It's worth a trip to Essence just for those. I think once the staff is up to snuff this place will be as good as the Tempe location.
3 Hooray for new neighborhood restaurants! What a cute space with great food with French flair. Simple menu done well but wouldn't mind if the menu was a bit bigger. I plan to come back and try various things on the menu. They even have a pretty good parking lot which is hard to find in Arcadia! Friendly staff, good vibe and cool atmosphere. Welcome to the neighborhood!
3 Good food, decently priced, cute atmosphere , TAKES FOREVER to get your food and the pastry's are extremely over priced! Friendly employees.
3 I am a big fan of the Tempe location...the Spanikopita and salad entree is one of my favorite lunches.  I'm glad they have opened another location with more room, closer to my neck of the woods, so I  met up with a buddy for brunch .  I like the space a LOT...it's laid out nicely but would benefit from some sound dampening.  I ordered the special...quinoa & root veggie hash, eggs, and a spinach & greyere croissant and it was yummy.  The coffee was fabulous as well!    My buddy had the breakfast sandwich and enjoyed it as well.  All in all, this was an enjoyable meal.  So, how do they get more stars???  Pacing.....my friend got brekkie a good 7 minutes before I did.  I don't necessarily mind a wait but bringing the food together makes things less awkward.  The table beside us had a longer time gap than we did, so there is room for improvement.  All in all, things went well; making that small change will get loyal, repeat customers!
5 stoked they finally came down to my area, we have been a few times. can be busy but worth it! the big breakfast, which comes with a potato cake that is fantastic on its own, is my go-to. always make sure to grab some macaroons for later, as you WILL regret it if you don't
1 RUDE, in all CAPS! When I arrived, the cashier was having difficulty figuring out how to work the register for the guy in front of me. I gave her the "don't worry about it" smile as running a register would be the last job I would want on this earth and I didn't want her to feel  anymore anxious than she already was, because the next customer (me) was getting ticked because of the wait. She figured it out, and a new girl stepped in to take her place and I ordered my eggs. The girl says, "sorry, breakfast is over." Well, it still felt like breakfast time to me and I asked her "what's your cut off time" and she says, 10:30. I look at my i phone and it says, exactly, 10:31. Keeping in mind, I arrived at 10:20 and  was having a serious egg craving, I  ask, NICELY, "could you ask them if they could make one more scrambled egg order (nothing fancy here) and an older woman, also behind the counter, jumps in, glares at me and says, NO! I have eaten here before, the food was excellent, HOWEVER, coming from a long line of successful entrepreneurs, I have this to say. Whoever owns this restaurant, may I suggest at your next morning meeting, that you instruct your employees on the basics of how to treat your customer, you know, the ones whom your business depends upon to stay up and running. I went down a few blocks to La Grande L'Orange, yes, it was packed and the parking was challenging but it was worth the hassle. The eggs were perfect, the employees, pleasant and friendly. The staff at Essence should make a field trip over there, with their "How To" notebook in hand, your TIP from this ex-customer.
5 Heavenly scent of fresh-baked croissants and goodies await as you enter this darling establishment. The food here is every bit as good (and seems better) than the Tempe location. How can that be?? I love the uniquely oversized lime green mixer as you enter Essence. I had a delicious arugula salad with dates and crispy pepper bacon and a luscious cheese croissant. My friend had the homestyle ham and bean soup with grilled cheese sammie. The macarons - what else is there to say? Delish! Please never leave us Essence!!
5 I got a recommendation to try this place from a foody friend who has been to their other location in Tempe. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves French-style breakfast and pastries! They serve breakfast all day on Saturday and Sunday so even if you get a late start you can still get breakfast.  As soon as we walked in and started looking at the menu the owner approached us and explained every item on their menu. She was very friendly and helpful. The food came out quickly and was to die for. I ordered the French scramble- the eggs are light, fluffy, and packed with flavor! It also comes with fantastic peppered bacon! As a thank you for trying out her restaurant the owner sent us two complimentary croissants, one chocolate and one almond, which were also mind-numbingly delicious. Will definitely be going there for breakfast again!
4 This place is heaven for vegetarians and those that prefer gluten free foods. You definitely get your money's worth here. Essence has a Great atmosphere, great friendly staff to match as well.  I got the chance to have a strawberry delight macaroons as well. So delish. I have no complaints!  :)
1 Total meh. Mediocre food, too long a wait-whole place reminded me of a snack bar at a gym or something.
1 Overpriced mediocre food with unfriendly staff who has superiority complex. I have gone in 4 times and have promised myself not to waste my money on any of their food items except for their pastries. Even those are over priced. Cake the size of a small muffin for $7.95! I am sure no one has that kind of money, but I just talked myself out of going back to Essence since I can always go to LGO!
5 Hands down, the best food of this kind in the Phoenix metro.  I've been to Europe on many occasions, and no one, I mean no one, beats the croissants here.  I've never had a bad meal here, and I've been many, many times.  Don't waste your time with inferior pastries at trendy places like LGO.
5 Cute cafe, cute decor-and the best chocolate almond croissant! Would definitely come back for more. Totally worth the price.
4 Essence has really, really good French-style pastries and good coffee/espressos. It would be 5 stars for these things. Their chocolate croissant (my litmus test for a good bakery) is the best I've found in the area. I also enjoy the light and airy ambiance.   Unfortunately, I have been disappointed with the two breakfasts I have tried. The French eggs were so full of mustard seed they were difficult to eat, and the caramel sauce for the French toast was just not very good (though the brioche bread it was made out of was). I might try something for lunch soon, but when I am here for breakfast again I will stick with a chocolate croissant and latte.
1 I've already written a not so flattering review for the Tempe location and now, I'm sad to write an even worse review.  I've never been more disappointed with a macaron in my life. But we'll get back to that.  Inside is bright and clean with friendly employees. The parking is a nightmare. The back has a small lot with about dozen spots. An employee was standing outside "working" the traffic for the lot but he just stood there against the building. Unbelievable. I had to look for myself to see if there was a spot as when I asked, he said to go check. Okay, thanks for doing your job.  Order process was fast and simple. End of that.   The brioche. What the heck happened to their brioche loaf? In Tempe location, it was fluffy and light and delicious but in Phoenix location, it was at least a day old, too eggy and dry. Their brioche was the best thing but wow. I hope the Tempe location hasn't change.  The macaron. Seriously?! The shell - too many air bubbles, cracked, uneven, hollow and spread too much. The filling - too runny and curdled. The filling is only in the center instead of spread out entirely. Majority of the flavor is supposed to come from the filling that soaks into the shell but when the filling is only in the center, the flavor can't spread. You get the filling in the middle but the rest of the macaron is just eating the shell. As a pastry chef, those are the shells that would have never seen the light of day. It is an insult to be served those inadequate macarons, let alone pay for it. Who cares if its big? It's just more flavorless shell to eat. I would rather have macarons from AJ's fine foods. I saw worse macarons in the case so I hope they never sell those to their customers.   Absolute and utter disappointment.
4 Great place with healthy options. I am a fan of the hot breakfast cereal with greek yogurt and fruit. Definitely another great addition to an already superb lineup in Arcadia.
4 Everybody needs to try Essence Bakery. The pastries are to die for and the food was just as good. I came here over the weekend for brunch with my other half and we were both very satisfied. I have read previous reviews with people saying how service was slow and the food is mediocre and I just think that those customers were having a bad day. Our food came out quick and tasty! we ordered the quiche lorraine (eggs bacon and spinach. I mean C"mon!), the Grass fed beef burger (juicy, balsamic flavored greatness!)and the chocolate salted caramel tart. ( I have no words) This will not be my last stop at essence, I will be coming back!
5 Best croissants delicious macaroons.  I'm addicted to the egg sandwich add avocado and the Jalepeno  croquet Monsieur sandwich.   I also love how staff does not mind if you sit for a while long after eating.
5 ease of parking (at least today) clean place. food was excellent. Breads excellent. Egg Salad sandwich  and chicken pot pie. both great.  Nice fresh salad serviced with each. tasty dressing and leaves were fresh..not wilted. prices were reasonable.  I can understand others who might have issues with parking at busy week PM hours.  The ambiance is ok...minimal. kind of noisy. Staff attentive but could buss the dishes  in a more timely manner...lots of tables had dirty plates that had been there a while.  Overall, will return.
5 Met a friend there for some breakfast. I'm not usually a big fan of bakery type places but this was excellent. You order at the counter. The decor is modern and minimalist. A very nice environment. I had "The Big Breakfast." 2 eggs, mashed potato cake, sausage, mushrooms, and a baguette. Everything was perfect. The eggs were cooked perfectly(over medium), the sausage tasty, the potatoes were well made and finally the mushrooms were perfectly sautéed. I like things simple and well made. Each item was perfectly prepared and they all complimented each other nicely. Finally their Nicaraguan Organic coffee is smooth and strong. No hints of corporate coffee here. Seriously good breakfast. I can't wait to head back and try something else.
5 First time Yelper here.  I really like this place.  I love the pastries (on par with what you would find in France), their homemade coffee drinks (no commercially made syrups), the Greek platter, and ice teas.  They taste genuine.  I can always find a parking space, and the service is friendly.  I usually end up near the 44th and Camelback corridor for breakfast or weekend lunch, and since discovering this place a couple of months ago, I nearly always end up here now.  I travel quite a bit near and far for both business and leisure; we Phoenicians are lucky to have this place.
3 Really enjoyed the ambiance of the new location! Food was great except that we found a piece of bacon in the fruit bowl. They apologized and gave us a new bowl, but the damage was done. We shared the french scrambled eggs, baguette, almond chocolate croissant, and fruit bowl. Everything tasted delicious but the portion of the baguette was really small for $3.50. Service was a bit slow but food was worth the wait.
4 Who needs a bunch of blah, blah, blah...either you like it or you don't. What can I say...I liked everything about my visit and I'd recommend that you give it a try.
2 went back a second time...had the pot pie again. It was NOT as good as the first one...way to many peas and did not steam with each bite. I think they have a problem with quality control...the salad dressing not as good either...kind of disappointed overall...the cost is in line with the quality but there needs to be consistency of ingredients and end product.
5 Really a 4.5.  Have now been about a dozen times.  The highlights?  Vanilla latte is to die for as is the chocolate croissant.  Had an eggs Benedict on brioche on Sunday which was perfection.  Kitchen can be a little slow so I wouldn't go if you are in a hurry, and it is a meal to be savored not inhaled.  Parking is challenging as well.  Can't go to often or I would end up in a sugar coma.
4 The place is modern, light and clean. The coffee is wonderful, the counter service is friendly but a tad slow....but who is in a hurry on Sunday! Excellent fresh food but the breakfast sandwich is a little on the small side (but I'm spoiled by Big Matts). I didn't go early so parking was fine. My fellow diners' cereal, breakfasts and Eggs Benedict looked delicious.
4 This place is super cute and fun. I really enjoyed their baked goods the most - we had a chocolate and almond croissant and it was wonderful. We had a breakfast here as well and although it was good, it wasn't my favorite. I had the special of the day where it was a puff pastry stuffed with cream cheese, sweet peppers and asparagus. This was fantastic and would have been better if there was a meat in there(maybe sausage?) but having the peppered bacon on the side was just as good. I had a serious issue with the eggs. They are done in a french style, so I think they are baked. I had an issue with the texture and that's more of a personal thing than anything against the chef. They came off as runny as far as a scramble goes and it just didn't work for me.   Fiance had something more basic with sausage and eggs and some toast (I think) and he seemed generally please with it. He has had lunch there before and says the lunch is far better than the breakfast.   I had an iced coffee that wasn't that great, it was the caramel one and I think they used salted caramel - but ether way it was extremely bitter all while having an overly sweet after taste. I would not order this again.   Like I said the baked goods were the best for that visit and I want to go back for lunch to get a newer experience. I would feel more comfortable leaving 3.5 stars however I will give them the benefit of not being able to.
3 I am a longtime Essence lover, but I just don't understand the little inconsistencies between locations.   For example, the Mediterranean Platter has been slightly changed at this location. It's like somebody decided they wanted to put their own spin on it ... the horror.  Exhibit A: the baguette. What's the deal with the strip of bread sliced in half? In Tempe, the baguette consists of toasted slices of an actual baguette.  Exhibit B: the chopped Greek salad has spinach added to it. Why? It's so good the way it comes in Tempe. There is no need to add some dry ass leaves to it.   In conclusion, I can't image the female version of Gordon Ramsay, who started Essence, would approve of someone messing with her creations (this is something I assume based on no evidence other than my imagination after little interaction). Also, I am way too into my food.
4 The macaroons are so delicious. I'm a fan of their coffee as well. It would be perfect if they had wifi and it's a bit pricey for a coffee shop but worth it for a coffee date with friends.
5 This is my favorite breakfast spot in Phoenix! The pastries are always made fresh and on busy days they will sometimes run out.   The staff is all nice. You order your food at the counter and then they bring it to you.
4 This is a clean little place with very friendly customer service people. We had a lovely breakfast there and the pastries are hard to resist they look so good. It is close to all that is Arcadia and is a great addition to the hood we enjoyed the chow and it's close enough for a nice bike ride even better. If you are not into that they have someone to valet your ride but it's worth checking out no matter how you get there.
5 Peg and I have been enjoying this wonderful experience for years....and I realized only a short time ago that I had never Yelped it!  Since Chef Eugenia and husband/partner Gilles opened a second location in the Arcadia district, we have been fortunate enough to visit fairly regularly....and the quality has never wavered. While the macarons have always gotten well-deserved attention, I always look for the people and service factor. The Chef has an infectious smile and laugh, and it brightens up the day when  you walk into the place. Of course, the food is as amazing as has been reviewed elsewhere. The chocolate croissants are indeed shut-the-front-door good. The coffee (something that is almost as important to me as the ambiance) is stellar and consistently good. We met GIlles the last time we visited, and it is easy to see how well suited they are together not only in the food they serve but in the caring they have for each other.  This is a delightful stop and a great addition to the take-a-deep-breath, read-the-paper, and relax-for-a-bit location list!
5 Oh My God, Becky! Look at those raisin croissant!!!! Seriously, I am pretty damned snobby about food and especially fancy shmancy claims of being "artisan"' ugh, I despise that word. Essence chefs are not artisans, they're professionals. This is the real deal. As a recovering fat guy,  I am unsure if I can even return. The croissant is perfect. Light, buttery and fresh. The egg sandwich with avacado had the perfect bit of crisp edge, as if laser sculpted. Fresh perfectly sliced tomato, not too thin or thick. Did I mention the raisin croissant???? You've probably slipped and bumped your head if you do not stop there after reading this review. 5 stars indeed.
5 Hands down the best macarons in scottsdale. The mint chocolate chip and raspberry were a hit and I liked that they have mini macrons and large macrons. A double plus theyre right next to seed cafe. A dragon slayer smothie and macarons is a must try.
1 I will never return to this restaurant!   I had previously been to their Tempe location and loved the macaroons.   So on May 25th I was excited to take my houseguest to the Phoenix location for lunch, but mainly to taste the delicious macaroons.  After our lunch, we each selected a macaroon for dessert.  Unfortunately, my friend selected the raspberry and after tasting one bite, commented on how peculiar it tasted.  I then tasted it and it was awful.  I called over the waitress and told her, and she said that the raspberry is the only one with jelly rather than cream filling and it does have a different taste.  I explained that my friend could not eat it, that it tasted more like perfume than food, and asked if she could select another as a substitute.  I was told that no, they do not do that.  After spending over $22 on lunch and then another $3 each for the macaroons, they would not accommodate our request.  Three different people told me no.  I think this is extremely poor customer service.  I was embarrassed and disappointed for my guest.  After returning home, I sent a note to the manager describing what had happened, and have never been contacted or received a response.  That macaroon probably cost less than $1, and the poor customer service that we received will cost more than that as I have shared this experience with many others.
5 Quiche Lorraine- 5/5 Very moist yet firm. Fruit bowl was very fresh and amazingly delicious.  Wife had Signature Sausage Turnover and said she couldn't get enough. Tres Yummy! Daughter had fresh Peach Pie. She downed it sooo quickly! As for the Macarons... Lemon is 5/5 Raspberry has rose oil in it and to me it is overpowering. I give it 3/5 but wife and daughter says 4.5/5 stars.  Chocolate... Wife says 5/5 stars.  We made a special trip here bc this was in the AZCentral.com's 10 Best French Restaurants. Food wise- 100% agree! Decor is too modern for my liking. I don't feel like I'm in France, but inside a college campus cafe.
