5 I came here for my birthday to pamper myself and got a gel French manicure and I think I got the deluxe pedicure (whatever included the hot stone massage, sugar scrub and paraffin wax). This is the BEST pedicure I have ever received! This place is very clean and professional, they even give you a bag with your nail file, buffer, etc. so you know they are only used once. You take it home with you! Everyone was extremely friendly and personable. I definitely will be back and highly recommend them!
5 I've been coming to this location for years, and it's gotten even better now that it's Admire. Here are my top three reasons for being a loyal customer here:  1) The owner and all of the staff are so friendly, I feel so pampered when I go there. They're so kind and always go above and beyond in little ways to make each visit special.  I love the hand, foot/leg massages. I feel like they really want me to relax and enjoy when I go there... and I really appreciate that.   2) They do an outstanding job. My gel manicures last for three weeks, and the staff are perfectionists. My nails look amazing, thanks to them. The pedicures are awesome too. They have a great selection of colors, and they're so patient and helpful in the color selection.       3) The salon looks great - super clean and peaceful. I can always relax there and get great value and great service. I honestly prefer Admire to the larger and mainstream salon/spas.  Admire is great and I recommend them without hesitation.
5 I LOVE this place!   They are SO nice and SO skilled. Every time I come to get my fingers and toes done, I feel like I'm seeing friends.   I get a warm welcome and excellent service throughout my visit, and they really go the extra mile to be sure that everything is done perfectly and that I'm happy.   My gel manicures last a really long time - usually 18-22 days - and the pedicures last even longer. Everyone who works there is really meticulous and, at the same time, super nice.   They usually have something interesting on TV (like Travel channel) and it's never too loud. The massage chairs are really comfy; the equipment is updated and pristine.   It's a great place to relax and come out looking and feeling fabulous.
1 First review I have done on yelp and it is only because my experience was that terrible. Do yourselves a favor and skip Admire Nails. My bestie and I just left from getting pedicures for mother's day. We spent $22 to do something nice for ourselves, and ended up walking out of there in 20 min..shortest pedicure in history. Total rip off! Literally, 2 min leg massage, not to mention my friend was left waiting for her top coat so he could start someone else's nails!? We wanted to do a little bit of pampering for ourselves together and it was a complete bust.
