4 Brooklyn V's opened 3 weeks ago and is having typical start-up issues with a new young staff. But, that's the only area that needs improvement! I wanted to try Brooklyn V's because as I was sitting at the stop light at Lindsey and Warner - the most wonderful pizza aroma drifted across the intersection. I told my husband, based on the aroma alone we needed to try this place. The FOOD IS WONDERFUL and definitely lived up to the tantalizing aroma!  We ordered house salads and the Sausage and Pepper Stromboli. We didn't receive the Stromboli we ordered, however we kept the dish brought because the crust was so crispy and light, the cheese was perfectly stringy and gooey, and the combination of meats inside tender and tasty. Paired with their marinara sauce, we couldn't send it back - it was that good! One of the owners stopped by to check on our dinner. When we let her know what happened, she "comped" us Cannolis for dessert. The plate was chilled and the presentation was something I would have expected from a more upper end restaurant. We are so glad to have Brooklyn V's in our neighborhood and within walking distance! We'll be returning again and again to try the other items on the menu - which we expect will be equally flavorful.
3 Very low key, but nice server, great food (huge portions) and just satisfied my pasta craving.  Only wish they had beer.......
5 This restaurant is a very pleasant surprise to walk into. With it being kind of tucked in the corner of a shopping center that hasn't seemed to have much success, you would just be expecting a cheap pizza place that doesn't serve much more than average pizza and maybe some wings.   Brooklyn V's offers a very pleasant, homey feel when you walk inside and the staff is very friendly. They are very grateful for your business and deliver a menu and quality of food that makes you want to come back for more.   Within the last week or two I have already eaten here twice and nothing has yet to disappoint. Portions are extremely generous and the quality of food is something you would expect at a restaurant charging a steeper price.   For my first visit, me and my girlfriend split a 12 or 14 inch pizza (can't remember the exact size, but not the largest size) and a Caesar salad. The Caesar salad had just the right amount of dressing and tasted about as good as a Caesar salad can get. It was also served on a chilled plate, which added a nice touch. The size of the salad was quite large and could probably feed at least 3 as an appetizer before the meal. The pizza came out a few minutes later and was quite delicious. A NY style pie that had the right amount of crispness to it, which is tough to come across. Most NY style pizzas are pretty flimsy, but Vito seems to have a great recipe. I am a stickler on Pizza and this easily satisfied me. About as good as I could expect out of a pizza that wasn't cooked in a wood fired brick oven.   During my second visit I decided to venture out and try the Bow tie pasta with pesto sauce. I am not a huge pasta person but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and portion size once again. During this visit, we also decided to try Vito's cannolis and that was an EXCELLENT choice. The cannolis were superb and I have been craving them ever since.   I would give Brooklyn V's a 4 1/2 star rating if that were possible on yelp. The only things I wish differently would be that the plates were maybe a dollar or two cheaper ($10 for a pasta plate, I think the salad was somewhere between $5.50-7 and then a 1-topping 12 or 14 inch pizza was $16) and I think the speed of service will improve with experience. Overall, Brooklyn V's provides a much higher quality of food and service than you would expect out of a place tucked back in the corner of a Goodwill shopping center, next to a smoke shop. I have encouraged others to try it and the one family that did was very happy, so I hope others enjoy it as well.
4 I tried this place today, and I was impressed. I had the 2 pizza slice & drink lunch special. The margherita pizza was fantastic. The crust was thin & crispy, which I usually don't like because other pizzerias either make it too hard or too limp. This crust was incredible. They also have delivery service. I will not order chain pizza again.
5 We had some amazingly fresh bruschetta here as well as some very richly flavored lasagna, garlic knots and cannolis. We had excellent service and our server was very attentive. Additionally she and the other staff were so passionate about their food and the restaurant that it was contagious. We were truly blown away by this place! The  food beat out some of the street crap I had in Rome over the summer!
5 OMG! THIS IS THE PLACE for an authentic NY Italian meal!!!! My man decided on a whim that I was going to try a new place after he had tried it for lunch. He said he couldn't wait to take me to Brooklyn V's.  I am a very picky eater and I am not a fan of chains so I was really happy to support a small business that really knows its business!  We started with these little bread things they call garlic knots that come with marinara  YUM! This was starting out fantastic. You can tell a lot from the marinara, ya know ;)   We each ordered a Stromboli and they were to die for! I could have cut it lengthwise and just crawled in, they do kinda look like sleeping bags. You know when you taste something so good the world just kinda stops spinning? Yeah......Oh sorry!  We took a tiramisu home to split for later. The waitress said it was heaven in a box. I haven't had too much luck with tiramisu here in AZ so I wasn't too excited. A couple hours later her words were still echoing in my head and I just had to taste it.  Fireworks shot off! The band started playing and suddenly I was in Italy! Reluctantly I put the other half (well almost half, he he)  back in the fridge for my man.  The liquor license is coming folks!
5 Originally from New York I've been living in Arizona for almost 13 years chart out almost always pizza place in Arizona that's close to me within 50 miles this is the best one came across in Arizona I guarantee the best pie you've ever had PS I love the garlic knots and everything in this place is made homemade one more very friendly people that work here i'll be going back a least one time week
5 Went to Brooklyn V's last night for dinner for the first time with my family.  I was intrigued because they were from Staten Island so I figured they knew good pizza.  It is hard to find a good "pie" out in AZ.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  We had the Margherita and the White Eggplant Pizza's.  They we amazing. The dough was light and thin. The sauce was perfect. Not to thick and acidic. The eggplant pizza is a must.  I can't wait to go back again and try the dinner selections.   The staff was so friendly.  It actually felt like a "family".  Highly recommended.   They deliver and cater also!
5 Being from the East Coast, it is hard to find an authentic New York pizza in AZ. Brooklyn V's is FANTASTIC!!!! Takes me back home.... The crust is fantastic with just the right amount of cheese. We've been here several times but haven't ordered anything other than pizza yet. Based on the other reviews,  trying the Stromboli next. Check this place out, you won't be sorry!
5 More and more New Yorkers are flocking to AZ. The topic of conversation between the NY - AZ transplants is always food. Even more specific however, is pizza. As every New Yorker knows, his or her borough has the best! LOL  Many arguments have broken out over this. I have written several reviews on pizza and my comment to this has always been that it is not a matter of the best. The best is subjective because it really boils down to what we are used to and what gives us comfort and fond memories. I am sure that anyone reading this thinks his / or her Grandmother makes / made the best meatballs. Get my point? Well.... now I have to say that I have traveled all over the valley in search of great pizza. I can say for certain that I have had some very good pizza, some even excellent, but what I experienced today was not only the best crust I have had here, it is the best I have had in years, anywhere!  For me, it had the perfect crunch, yet softness that I thought only my Grandmother could accomplish. I did the 2 slice special but started out plain. True test for me. Toppings can easily camouflage and corrupt taste buds. I  LOVED it, so I ordered my second slice with mushrooms. To die for! Seriously! I was actually moaning while eating. Yes! A tad embarrassing. Let me digress and say that I was very warmly greeted by Bob, who shortly after introduced me to Vito. Vito took the time to talk to me and made me feel very welcome. We talked at length about food, NY, pizza and restaurants. What became apparent to me rather quickly  was this man's integrity, his love for food and honoring tradition. He made me bruschetta. I could tell by the smell, before it hit my lips,  that it was going to be great and that   I do not even have to taste everything on the menu to write a rave review because it was clear to me that the very integrity displayed in conversation trickles down to everything he puts out to his customers. This is a man, like me who would never compromise his product to save a buck!  From a food lover and caterer who has done restauranting, this is the highest praise I can bestow on a chef.  This is a MUST for every real New Yorker, especially Italian New Yorkers. This is not New York Style. This is the real deal!  I went off my very strict, Zone Anti-Infammatory Diet and Gluten Free Diet to taste this highly recommended pizza.     Look out for Tom LaGravinese who performs Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin impersonations.  I texted every New Yorker I know who lives here in the Valley and I myself cannot wait to get back there.  Thank you Vito and Bob. May you have the success you truly deserve!
4 Just tried Brooklyn's based on Yelp reviews. Pizza is outstanding. Will definitely be back. Upon entering this place you can tell right away this is a family run establishment. Very genuinely friendly staff. I noticed the other patrons and there were smiles at every table. Next time, I'm going for the sausage and peppers hero. It looks amazingly delicious.
4 I got the lunch special, 2 slices and a soda for $5.75. I think it's a great deal and the pizza was delicious. I'm picky when it comes to my pizza crust and they didn't burn it which was great. Sometimes places that have thinner crust blacken their pizza before it comes to the table but it arrived hot and the perfect crispiness. This place is tucked away in a strip mall, but it doesn't take away from the great prices and good food.
3 Pizza was average for New York style. Delivery was pretty quick but the pizza was cold and way over-priced. 25 dollars for one pizza is a little ridiculous.
3 I am not from New York, I have never been to New York. I have no expectations for pizza based on my old New York neighborhood or from childhood memories. Growing up in Mexico, pizza choices in the small town of Agua Prieta were somewhat limited to a couple of restaurants that served pies that had one thing in common to New York style pizza, the shape was round.  Hungry last night, after a very stressful day at work, we wanted some food to be delivered to us. We wanted to be able to order it without hassle and we wanted it delivered fast. Demanding, I know. In this area ,Brooklyn V's Pizza delivered. I ordered it online, in a very easy to use website, they delivered it to my home and took about 45 minutes, which is a great time on a friday night.  The pizza we ordered was the buffalo chicken pizza, not a very traditional pie, but I had been wanting to try it. The cost for an 18" pie was $20.00, a little on the expensive side. I was hoping for a delicious pizza, and I am not going to lie, the dough had very good flavor, but that was it. The chicken was extremely salty, to the point that we had to take it off the pizza, which wasn't a big task because there hardly was any chicken on the pizza to begin with, and the worst is the chicken was way too dry, and it hardly had any  buffalo sauce in it. So I wasn't too pleased with this pie, but I am sure if I stick to a classic next time, they will do better in this department.  We also ordered a cheese calzone with bacon and their garlic knots and those were the highlight of our meal. The calzone was filled with lots of cheese and bacon and tasted delicious. The garlic knots and the accompanying marinara sauce were so delicious we were fighting over them.   I would definitely go back to Brooklyn V's pizza and probably eat in and order a more traditional pie or something else off the menu. For a pizza, a calzone and the order of knots I spent $45.00 including delivery and tip.
1 Ordered 2 large pizzas and when I went to pick them up, I askede if there were any discounts I could get some money off. The man Veto says from the back, "NO THERE ARE NO DISCOUNTS" ,"OUR PIZZA IS THE BEST IN THE VALLY"!! After spending 36.?? I got home and the fucking pizza was cold, Tasted like Cardboard, And was burnt to shit.  This place is nothing like the pizza place that was there before. They will never make it there for long. The place was dirty, the Kitchen looks like a Toilet, and the front area was nice but not orderly. The front staff was nice and was sitting with other customers as if they were family and did not even acknowledge me or thank me for my business. I guess the owner was Veto, What an ASSHOLE! And With a NEW YORK ATTITUDE. Never will go back again!!!
1 Placed a rather simple pick up order-small pepperoni pizza.  I was not told a price on the phone, I figured it would be in the 10 dollar range.  Lesson learned, never assume anything!  When i got there, I paid over 15$, which, I'm sorry is EXCESSIVE!   They need to sprinkle gold or something on there to make it worth the money at that price.  Either way, I paid since I did order it and figured if it was a really good pizza it was worth it.  Needless to say I was further disappointed when I got home and started eating it-now, I don't have extremely high standards when it comes to pizza-I love dominos, pizza hut, you name it-but the sauce was bland and had no taste to it. I lived in Boston for many years and have visited NYC many times; believe me when I tell you, this place has nothing, and I mean NOTHING in common with NY pizza.  I was disappointed and won't be back.
5 Phenom eats, seriously!  The service is amazing, our favorite server is Anna. She's always there to greet us with a big, family-sized smile and makes sure that everyone is receiving equal care (never sits on her rump, just making sure that everyone is getting the best service!)    The food, now THERE is something to BRAG about! My favorite thing to eat so far is the White Eggplant Pizza.  This gastronomical concept is so far out of my comfort zone, I didn't know if I was married to an Italian long enough, Glory Be! 13 Years and I was eating eggplant like a pro!.  I'm here to tell you it is THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD! We're attempting to hit everything on the menu, so far we've dabbled with Garlic Knots, Eggplant Parmesan, Lasagna, Bruschetta, Baked Ziti, Stuffed Shells, and meatballs and every single thing has been extraordinary in flavor and quality!  We have never been disappointed.  Try this place, your taste buds will thank you!  Oh and don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program, those points add up QUICKLY!  Ignore those people that have left unsavory comments. Look at those accounts, one of them ONLY seems to YELP negative reviews and use foul language, really? Do you trust that kind of poppycock, I don't, I let the Cannoli cream talk for themselves?)
5 Love this place. I've been three times, once for pizza, then penne in vodka sauce, and most recently spaghetti with meat sauce. Absolutely everything is made fresh and I can taste every bit of it! The sauces are fantastic. Next time I'm trying the pesto. I don't even like pesto, but that's how much I enjoy the food here. The service is great too. Very friendly and warm staff. Feels like home.
5 There have been a few pizza places in this suite over the years, I tried them all but never went back after trying them out once or twice (and I live pretty much right across the street).   Love the food here, owners and servers are very nice and bend over backwards to give you what you want. I've brought friends here and they've enjoyed the food and atmosphere as well!!!
5 I have had many entrees here and have never been disappointed.  Spaghetti and meatballs,  Alfredo with chicken, lasagna or ziti are awesome. Sauce, cheese and meat are of high quality.  Everything we ever get is good,  great value and consistent. We often go home with leftovers for lunch. You cannot beat this wonderful Italian find for great food and friendly service.
1 Well, once again I tried it for chance. Still the rude son of a bitch New Yorkers with extremely high prices for the shit they serve. Let me tell you, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
5 Love this place. Love their food.As authentic to NY Italian as it gets here in Az. Very nice, cozy atmosphere with great service from our waitress Allora. We were a party of 12 last night and everyone was raving about their dishes. The cheese pizza here is superb : perfect crust, great sauce and just the right mix of cheese. Eggplant parm was the best I have had in years and their calzones are amazing. Cooked just right and everything blended well. My experience in Az with other restaurants trying to make Calzones has been so so with most just throwing the stuff in hoping it gels. The owner Vito has been doing this for 30 years and certainly brings that and more to this awesome place.  My new favorite place in Gilbert.
5 Best food ever.    Love the chicken parm and meatballs to die for.  Everything authentic and made fresh.  Wow.  Can't wait to come back.  My wide had the caprese salad and the balsamic is fresh and homemade.   You gotta eat here.
1 Been to Brooklyn V's several times since they've open, my complaint isn't the food...  Last night my husband tried to order a pizza for take out. It was 845, they close at 9. The young female on the phone stated that they didn't want to make our pizza since they were closing... Wow. Great customer service. We normally aren't those ppl that order for right before close, but we are moving away from the area and that would have been our last time there. Thanks for the great memory.
5 Great food, great customer service. We are from NY and really are thrilled to have amazing pizza and cannoli in Gilbert! Will be back again for sure.
3 Not a bad place to get take out from. If you are looking for real NY pizza and pasta this is the place for you!
5 Everything is fresh! I was first pleased at how good the ranch dressing was, light, not heavy.   I ordered pizza, which was great, but immediately thought the baked ziti looked so good...I'll be back!   The price is super for the quality and I'd recommend anyone that likes New York style pizza give this place a try.
5 Great food, staff and atmosphere! We had our local lunch club here and it was great! I would recommend everyone to try the ziti as well as the pizza!
5 A most go to place!!! You can taste the freshness, you can tell they make the dough daily. Amazing
