4 I won the September prize of tickets to the Variety Show at Planet Hollywood. I was so surprised on winning the tickets. I enter lots of contest and this was the first time I've won anything! I haven't had a chance to use the tickets yet, but I plan on using them when my brother visits from California. Of course I'll keep entering contest at Lucy Vegas you girls rock!
5 I always had a hard time finding things to do in Vegas. When I found Lucy Vegas I was more than a little excited. Not only do I have more places to go, but I also get to have discounts that are not offered elsewhere.  Not only that, but I have one a couple of prizes to local shows. I tell all my friends to check there first, if its not there, it ain't worth the trip.
5 I won Pat Benetar tickets from Lucy Las vegas.The concert was amazing.. Lucy Las vegas is amazing.. Love their contest... great site...
5 Lucy Vegas is an amazing site that provides you with ideas on fun things to do in Vegas, while offering its website viewers the chance to win some amazing prizes!   I originally won 2 tickets to Nevada Wild Fest. After meeting the owner herself while I went to pick up my tickets, she treated me to, 2 more additional tickets!   Their office is so chique & trendy and the people who work there along with the owner are very friendly and hospitable!  You can tell they really have a passion for what they do and that they highly value their patrons!
5 Great company with a goal to promote businesses.  I set up my listing with them for extra exposure, they wrote a blog about me and posted it to Facebook.  If you're a business owner definitely you should give a try or just check their deals and business directory. They update deals daily.
5 Great website to find deals on things going on around town. Don't forget to enter the giveaways, my husband and I both won tickets to events! We had the opportunity to meet some of the Lucy girls at a couple Yelp events and they are so friendly and engaging and always have something cool to share with the crowd, be sure to say hi to them if you ever see them set up somewhere.
