5 What a great hair salon.  I had low lights and highlights done on my hair an a cut.  Jennifer did an amazing job on my hair.  The color came out perfect. I received an awesome scalp massage and I am blown away as to how good the color and cut came out.  The salon is brand new and BEAUTIFUL! The staff is very friendly.  They offer flavored water.   I am looking forward to my next visit
5 I had a partial foil, cut and awahpui treatment from Jennifer. Wow! My hair has never looked and felt better. The scalp massage was ahhhmazing! The salon is beautiful and the staff was extremely friendly. I will be flying down to Vegas to get my hair done from now on. Hands down, the best salon experience I have ever had!
5 Jennifer has been doing my hair over 8 years!! She is by far one of the best stylists in the Las Vegas Valley.  Her color is the best and she always makes me look and feel beautiful.  JM Hair Gallery has a modern feel and you will be treated like a VIP here. The service at the salon is amazing you won't want to leave.  I love my hair and the beautiful JM Hair Gallery!
5 Get ready to be pampered. My hair looks and feels "Amazing". Jennifer and her professional staff took excellent care of me. From the moment I arrived until I left the Salon. Jennifer, I hope someday that you open up a Salon in Minnesota. Until then, I will travel to Vegas to get my hair done. I highly recommend the Protein Treatment!!!  Best Salon Experience Ever!!! Thank you Jennifer and Kudos to your amazing staff!!! ~Congratulations on your New Salon ~JM Hair Gallery!!!;-)
5 Wow what a beautiful salon!   I have been a client of Jennifer since 2008, she recently just opened this fabulous new salon.  What an amazing atmosphere!   Modern, but cozy, happy friendly staff, clean, and great coffee!!! And of course, my hair looks amazing as usual!   I would highly recommend Jenn or any of her stylists, they are all Paul Mitchell focus which if you don't already know is excellence!   I was treated like gold from the moment I walked in until I left by everyone.  I highly recommend this salon to anyone looking for a great experience and fabulous hair.  They also just got an estitician, I will write a review on that after my visit!
5 I absolutely love going to get my hair done here! The staff is so professional & friendly. I always see Aly. She is a pro! She always listens to what I want & works hard to go above & beyond my expectations. She is very knowledgable & gives me what I want without compromising the health & condition of my hair. On top of all of that, she is extremely friendly & makes my time there wonderful! Definitely recommend you go & see Aly for any of your hair needs!!!
5 First time today.  I'm from out of state and have had the same stylist for 4 years so I was a bit nervous to use someone new.  Stephanie was excellent!  She was recommended by someone I know who has a really great cut, and she did not disappoint.  She recommended some new products now that I am in a different climate as my hair was starting to really dry out. The staff is super nice, the salon is gorgeous and very clean.  I would recommend this salon & Stephanie 100% :)
