3 First off, just a word of warning, when you decide to purchase tickets to this show or any other show at the V - Theater, they changed up the format of how you can purchase your tickets. Let me explain.  Before you just came up to the ticket booth, tell them what show you wanted tickets for, pay for them, and then you were on your merry way. Now when you tell them what you want, there is a monitor right in front of you where you get asked at least 3 separate times if you want to upgrade your ticket, purchase a souvenir drink, or pick another Planet Hollywood show for 50 percent off. I guess these guys gotta try to make money any which way they can but this new way they are doing it makes your wait in line even longer.  So I get in line at 8:20. My show starts at 9. By the time I get my tickets and make my way up to the theater, it is almost 9. Now imagine if I got in line at quarter til. That would of been a fail.  Ok so now on to the show. For those that have seen Sin City Comedy (which is now in their own theater inside the casino on the second floor), The Awesome 80's Show, and The Mentalist, the Las Vegas Live Comedy Club is in the same exact venue.   Just like other comedy shows, you have different comedians every week. The stage has more than enough room even for the biggest comedian. As for the seating, I would say you can fit up to about 80 people.  There is no bar in there but you can order drinks from the servers that come around. Just don't forget to tip them.  Overall I had a decent time laughing at the various comics that took their turns. I would say a return trip would be ok. I just didnt like the hassle of having to deal with all the extra crap at the box office just to get my show tickets.
5 Edwin San Juan the Pilipino comic headliner at LLLCC located inside Planet Hollywood had me in stitches the minute he walked onstage. Besides the fact that the seats are lined up too close for comfort, Mr. San Juan is a must see for a good dose of laughter. It had been too long since my last live comedy performance and yes I bought his t-shirt  "What the Puck?" as a gift :D which came with complimentary hugs. So I thank Mr. San Juan for a great night and my friend Gayla. Laughter, hugs, long island ice tea and nachos at La Salsa and good company made a great and fun night. Be sure to valet at Miracle Mile, which is close to the venue, so you don't have to walk too far...
