1 Every stereotype of a mechanic shop taking advantage of an eighty year old woman was in play recently when my mother was able to spend more than her pension check after taking her car in for an coupon oil change!  DO NOT GO THERE!
5 I am thrilled to know that trustworthiness still matters and that local businesses like Greulich's still exist! I spoke with Jim at the Elliot Road location about getting a repair quote and mentioned that I would compare it with the local dealership servicing my young car. The dealer had refused to cover the repair in spite ongoing warranty coverage and Jim's quote was less than half the amount. This is great, but not a big surprise for anyone who has had the pleasure of exorbitant non-warranty dealership services. What struck me was that, before he even put together the quote, Jim first talked to me like a customer he wanted to keep for the longterm rather than just a sale he wanted to make today. Specifically, he provided technical details and advice on how to talk to the dealer about the problem; in his view, it was a problem that any car maker with integrity should take the responsibility for repairing. Jim was indeed right; his advice enabled me to successfully challenge the dealer's decision and obtain the repair via my warranty. So this is an odd review because I never had my car in the shop but I think my experience shows why this local business has thrived in the valley for so long. I won't hesitate to take my cars here if and when the time comes.
1 Thought I'd give their new location a try. Big mistake. They left the drain plug loose on my engine. Thank God I saw it leaking when I got back to work. I called to talk w manager. He could have cared less. I don't recommend this shop at all. Go elsewhere.
1 I took my car in because it would sputter and die. I had to tow it to Greulichs in Tempe. They called and said it was ready later the next day. New distributer and tune up. Just under 1000 dollars. it ran fine for a couple of days then started sputtering again. It then sputtered and broke down on the side of the freeway and I had it towed back again.  this time they told me it was because it needed a new catalytic converter 616.34 for the part and 351.00 for labor. Two days later again, it sputtered and broke down. I asked why I had to spend 2000 dollars for something that didn't fix the problem that I brought it in for. They said the parts where bad anyway and needed to be replaced. Its a 95 celica worth only 3000 at best. Every part on the car could be replaced but I paid 2000 and the problem is still there. The car is back at Greulichs again. I'm at home waiting for their call to tell me what else they can fix so I can break down again. Probably for another 1000 dollars. That seems to be their everyday repair price for parts that don't need fixing. I want to think that they aren't incompetent but, they aren't helping to sway my thoughts.
