4 Swirly Q!!! A cute name and a great location make this yogurt spot fantastic!  My supervisor found a flyer with a coupon that benefited a student organization and advertised the grand opening of Swirly Q across the street from UNLV in the same center as Cafe Rio and the Post Office.  I have longed for a frozen yogurt place nearby for quite some time, hoping it would happen in the Student Union.  When we found out Swirly Q was opening, it became something to look forward to at the end of this excruciatingly long week for our office.  We just got back and all I can say is HAPPINESS!!!  There are quite a few flavor choices, tons of toppings, friendly service, and the place is sparkling clean!  I think we will be making this a Friday tradition.  Also, we were chanting "Swirly Q" on the way through the parking lot, and one of their crew handed us 3 $1 off coupons to use for next time, seemingly amused by our excitement.  It is just such a good name, as my supervisor has one of those old fashioned names like "Mary Ann" or "Tina Marie."
5 Super nice people, clean, and the yogurt selection is pretty varied. I had the New York cheesecake with caramel and m&m's. I'm impressed and SO glad there is a great frozen yogurt place on this side of town. Bring back the cake batter, though!!   ;)  Don't forget to "like" them on Facebook! I received a coupon!!
3 The workers are nice. I was disappointed to see that the choices in topping are very limited. Maybe they add more during the summer (high peak season)? But otherwise it's the same concept as the other self serve yogurt joints. Paid about $8 for two 16 oz with not a lot of toppings.
5 Elsie helped me pick out the perfect  desserts for me and my girlfriend what a nice clean and courteous operation.  Great staff and awesome hours. THANKS Swirly Q!!!!!
5 close to home.never too busy and awesomely priced! you gotta try the french toast flavor!
4 I really enjoy Swirly Q! Super close to home and UNLV campus. It is always clean when I go in there, and the staff is friendly. I like the flavor choices and topping choices are good as well. I like that I can give them my number and after so many purchases I can get free frozen yogurt.
5 I've been here twice in 3 days. The flavors are good, fruit toppings are fresh, and the service is good. I'll be back real soon.
