5 Pros: the food taste is really good The food is fresh  Cons: they took long time to bring the food
3 When we stumbled upon Palm Beach Middle Eastern restaurant this week, we weren't sure what to expect.  Being from a middle eastern family myself, and having some of the best cooking growing up, especially Turkish, we had high expectations going into this place, but remained very open minded.  As you walk into Palm Beach the atmosphere and  ambiance of the place is nothing like the Middle East or, for that matter, anyplace I have ever seen. In fact the place had little or no decor at all, really, just a big room with 20 some table and chairs.    At first I didn't think this place was open.  But their was about 8 tables full of people, so we decided to stay and give it a try.  First the service... It was impeccable period. Very friendly staff, and right on par. Even if the blonde hair girl couldn't pronounce some of the dish.  She was terrific!   The menu... The cover said something like "food that your mama makes". I was with my mom and dad, who are middle eastern Turkish, so this added to the expectations and they were ready to critic.   My mom and I ordered the kefta, (meatball) served in a mattlaic pot with garlic glazed tomato sauce with middle eastern spicies... This dish WAS better than my mom has ever made. Sorry mom!  Plus she even liked it, and she is vey picky.  My dad ordered the fresh lamb that fell off the  bone onto to balsamic rice with saffron. It was also terrific.  When the waitress said that the food takes a bit longer than normal restaurants because everything is so fresh, she wasn't kidding... It took 15 minutes. But it was well worth the wait, fresh and tasty.  The food and presentation was by far superior than any Middle Eastern restaurant  I've been too in a long time.  What Palm Beach Middle Eastern Restaurant  lacks in decor and ambiance, sure makes up with the food.  I know they are a new ( only a few months old), so hopefully they will have it in their budget to make the place one day feel like you are overseas,in the Middle East, There are some beautiful places there.  So yes, I will return to Palm Beach to have the best Middle Eastern food in Tempe, decor or not, the food is well worth it... And as they said "It's  just like mamma made!"
5 Really, As good as it gets 5 stars!! I'm talking about the food!
5 Came here with my parents and girlfriend expecting to see crowds waiting, but it wasn't really packed at all.   However,  this place was super delicious. It was our first time trying different Arabic/Middle Eastern food. I asked the lady who took our orders, what was good and she explained to us that their menu has dishes from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon and Syria.    We started with Hummus and pita bread, then we ordered Kushari (vegan Egyptian dish),  Kufta with Tahin ( Lebanese dish that came with a side of white rice), lamb Mandy ( Saudi Arabian dish which had unique smoked yellow seasoned rice, the plate was big and surprisingly delicious), and  the Arabic style Shawrma wraps that came with garlic dipping and fries. Everyone was satisfied, and we had great time. I will be Back!!
4 We arrived the Palm Beach one minute before they close and they welcomed us and even tough we were the only group left in the restaurant they gave us their full attention.   The food is amazing, they have a huge menu of all "traditional" western Saudi foods. Their dishes taste like the food in an average Saudi family house.
5 . The best restaurants in Tempe, the food is so delicious and the host is very friendly.
5 Excellent food.  Not typical kabobs. They offer a variety of saudi based dishes.  The lamb is scrumptious and the okra stew w lamb was amazing.  I highly recommend this place.
