5 If anyone has ever seen the Korean drama Coffee Prince, then you'll really enjoy Serenade. Everything about this place reminds you of a coffee shop in Korea from the atmosphere to the employees, minus the fact that you're in a dry, hot desert.The place itself is very cute with a tiny stage (I'm assuming they have live music) at a corner and the coffee area at another. There are seats outside also if it ever gets crowded. I came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was actually quite empty. I was greeted by 2 male baristas (very good looking might I add) and they were very patient in answering my questions. I'm definitely not an expert on coffee so I went with a iced green tea latte. I noticed that their menu included some dessert items (cakes, waffle), teas, juice/smoothies, and also bingsu aka Korean shaved ice so I'll definitely be back for those. The barista seemed very knowledgeable in preparing my green tea latte (I think). No chunks of powder or anything (ahem like Starbucks) and the matcha taste was very strong. The price was about $4.50 which is a little high but I would pay that for the atmosphere. Overall, this is a great place to come by and hang out with friends or even bring a date. They open until 2am in the morning for those who are still up and need a caffeine fix.
5 Love the atmosphere of this place! The owner was really nice and I loved their very berry waffle! Their hot green tea was amazing too!
5 I am so excited that this coffee shop has opened in my neighborhood. I went in tonight for the first time and ordered a soy chai latte. I service was great and the decor is gorgeous. My latte was absolutely delicious, very flavorful and creamy.  There is a stage set up in the corner and I asked to boys behind the counter if they were going to have live entertainment and they said yeah. I'd love to see some music and maybe a poetry night here. Another great thing about this coffee shop is their hours. They are open until 2am! I really look forward to seeing what they do with this place. I didn't try any of the deserts but they looked amazing.
5 This is EXACTLY what this area needed - a non-Starbucks coffee shop. Yay!!!   I heard about this place through Unlokt, a local app and website that introduces new and trending spots to their members.  Serenade is located next to Patty's closet on Rainbow and Windmill. The shop offers an indoor and outdoor seating area, which is great right now as the weather is still perfect and not quite freezing cold yet.    On my first visit I had an iced coffee, just to see what their coffee was like.  It was delicious!  Loved it.  They carry soy milk, no almond milk just yet but they did tell me that they are working on carrying it very soon.    My friend had a cup of Vanilla Chai which was absolutely amazing!  They were making some strawberry tea and offered us a sample to try.  It smelled amazing somehow, but it wasn't very tasty, but they were just sampling the product to see if they should bring it in.  No points lost there.  :)   My next visit I brought my daughter for dessert .  We ordered a pineapple juice and a lemon cream cake.  Everything was awesome!  We were very impressed with the dessert and I absolutely love their  juices.  Very impressive.    The only thing I will say in the negative is that their pricing is a little steep and something about their seating doesn't make you want to stay.  I think they can make it more inviting some how.  But other than that, it's great!   We will definitely be regulars here.  :)
5 Very nice service and great food. Especially bingsoo was awesome! Its atmosphere was pretty cozy and they have a patio so I can take my dog. Also they gave me a blanket for staying at patio.
4 Excited to check this place out.  Something in my neighborhood and open until 2am.  Tried the green tea latte and tiramisu cake.  I think the latte could have been much hotter and because of it not being hot the green tea powder got lumpy.  tiramisu cake was good but $7 seemed a little high for a slice.  It is new and i think it has potential.  I will return I need to try the coffee, frapps, and other fruit drinks.
5 Perfect espresso, smooth, full body strong aroma and good after taste! This place nice and good service! One of the best coffee shop in Las Vegas
4 Just tried this place out the other night and am really happy! This coffee shop is exactly what our neighborhood needs vs. Another Starbucks. Customer service is really great. The staff is nice and approachable. They made a great recommendation on dessert. I got a the berry waffle and my friend got the lemon cake with the cheesecake middle layer. Both were great! But the lattes were even better. They even have hot tea that stays warm with little candle, like teavana! I will be coming back!
4 Who goes into a coffee house and orders a dessert in the morning? I do. Well, I did go there for a waffle, but it comes with a scoop of ice cream and a whole lot of sweetness. During the time of the review, I don't think they're done with their displays yet, because there's a dessert stand in the front that hasn't been filled and they're still adding pictures of their creations into the Ipad that can be viewed in the front. I wish they were in a much better plaza, because this place is lodged in the corner of the plaza and there's no other place that is popular enough to make you wonder how good this place is.  The ambiance of the location definitely gives visitors an opportunity to study while you're here. They play Asian music, but instead of the usual K-pop heavy bass music that's played at other tea places, this one will provide very relaxing tunes to give it more of a Starbucks vibe. The employees are definitely nice, but I think they also found it funny that I ordered something with ice cream to start my morning. There's also outdoor seating.  Once settled down, I whipped out my laptop, and to compliment the waffle, I ordered a caramel macchiato. How was it? The waffle was great. It's nicely decorated and scattered with nuts to add onto it. The coffee had a nice strong taste to it and it wasn't full of caramel taste. It's enough to wake you up and ready to start your day. Overall, I really like this place a lot and I hope their business starts to increase because of it. It's what Southwest Vegas needs; small upcoming businesses that are hoping to thrive in the future. I really don't want to see more Starbucks popping up, but I guess that's kind of inevitable right?  I'd definitely come back in the future to try out more things at this place.
4 Came in yesterday and I'm glad that a cute coffee shop like this finally opened up around my area! I decided to share tea and the Irish cream cake with my cousin and both were great. I even came back a second time that same night with some friends and tried another flavor of tea and my friend's pistachio latte. I will definitely get that latte again during another visit. The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because I would like to see more pastries and desserts, but overall everything else is great!
5 Pistachio latte lives up to the hype!  So delicious!  Could have been hotter but I won't complain since if it had been hotter I would have burned my entire mouth.  Waiting for it to cool down would have been impossible.  I also had a pistachio macaroon which was very good. The people working here were very polite and friendly while being totally unobtrusive.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of time here :)
4 A wonderful little coffee shop that is sure to steal the spotlight from the likes of Sambalatte soon enough. I came here with my friend last night to enjoy some hot tea. She ordered the Fiji tea, and although I am not the biggest fan of hot tea, i found myself pouring cup after cup of this warming beverage.   I took my parents immediately the next day to try their coffees. My parents in all their travelling wisdom claimed that the Cafe Latte was very reminiscent of the drinks they would order when they travelled Europe. Otherwise an excellent drink.   The only problem we had on our encounter today that i did not face yesterday was the fact that it took particularly long to get the drinks dished out. We waited almost thirty minutes for our coffees and while it was worth the wait, it should not have taken that long. One of the baristas apologized and said that this does not usually happen, so dont start thinking youre in for a bad time. The sweet fellow apologized again with a complimentary irish cream cheesecake (which was sublime, by the way). A kind gesture from a wonderful staff member. Expecting to return soon, keep up the good work.
4 Itty Bitty Serenade Review  - open less than a month.  Located off of Rainbow and Windmill in the Smith's shopping plaza. - great ambiance and modern decor.  Empty when I went in on Monday around 10:30am. - had the famed pistachio latte ($4.50)  with almond milk (extra .50) = yum!  Creamy goodness with the pistachio flavor abounding. - this place is nowhere near me, but I think it's worth the drive to have the pistachio latte now and then.  I think it's a bit pricey, but it's unique and definitely an indulgence. - I wonder how many calories that drink has.   - Free wi-fi! - Open until 2am!
5 Latte art. Dessert. Cute decor.   This place is awesome!  I came in to study, so I ordered a latte. It came out to $4.32 with tax. I could tell the barista knew what he was doing by the way he steamed the milk and handled the espresso machine ( I've been to places where it Seriously sounds like they're killing animals when they steam the milk). Sure enough, he made a perfect leaf design on top of my latte, then came around to deliver it to me. It was so good, I had to try another drink. I went for the Pistachio Latte, which has no caffeine. I don't usually like sweet drinks, but this one was delicious. I don't think I've ever tried anything like it.   Quality drinks and quality service. How could it get any better? I wish I still lived in this part of the city!
4 A wonderful coffee shop right by my place!!! I came here yesterday at around 3pm, it was pretty dead, but I'm sure they get busy in the morning and later on at night. I love that they close at 2am. The atmosphere is great, it's such a cute coffee shop that reminds you of the ones in the streets of Korea.   Oh myyyyyyy, the pistachio latte is to die for! I personally love pistachio EVERYTHING and their pistachio latte just brings me to heaven! My friend had a plain espresso and it was darn strong and enough to keep anyone awake! I have yet to try their honest toast and other items on the menu.  Their service is awesome as well, there was only one worker. We sat outside but he was so sweet to bring the drinks out to us which he really didn't have to. This review is missing a star because I wish their prices were a bit lower. That might be the only reason that stops me from going there everyday. Nonetheless, go try it or you're missing out! You will NOT be disappointed.
3 I was excited to try out this new cafe, especially since it's open late, close to home and offers something different than the usual Starbucks.  I had to go with the pistachio latte. I kept hearing about it and I haven't had anything like it before. I like pistachios, but I am usually wary when ordering pistachio flavored things because I find it can be overwhelming. This coffee was delicious. The nut flavor was subtle yet satisfying. The bf got an iced caramel latte. I tried it and it was tasty as well. I really enjoyed the flavor of the coffee, which was not covered up by the caramel.  I had to knock off a star for the price of the cheesecake. There were no clear prices posted for any of the pastries in the display. Our drink total was $9 and some change. But when I added the slice of ricotta cheesecake last minute, the total bumped up to $16-something. So that skinny sliver cost almost as much as 2 drinks? In my opinion, that's a little steep, especially for the small portion.  On the bright side, the cheesecake was good.  The place itself is clean and decorated nicely. It's warm and inviting. I can see students studying here. There's even, what looks like a stage in one of the corners. Future site of open mic nights maybe?  I will definitely be back to try out more of the menu, both food and drink.
5 Wow! Great late night coffee shop! We ordered the cafe latte and the kona mocha frappachino. My husband ordered the teramisu and I was debating on the cheesecake vs the Italian lemon cake. The guy was real helpful in helping me decide. I went with the cheesecake. He mistakingly brought the lemon cake and said no worries keep the lemon cake and brought a cheesecake!!!! I got to have both cakes I wanted for the price of one!!! He was all smiles and pleasant. We will be back for sure ! The service was great and The latte was even better!
4 Korean-style coffee shops are not common in this town and I love non-chain coffee shops. This is reminiscent of cafés I've been to in Seoul so I was pretty excited to try it. Nice modern interior. They have free wifi and multiple wall outlets for laptops and other devices.  I wanted to try their macarons but they're not available. They don't make them here and they order macarons elsewhere and would take a few days. Since I live quite far from here and don't have the patience to wait 10 days, I got honey toast and what most people have been raving about - pistachio latte. Honestly, I was not that impressed by the pistachio latte and I should have had the green tea latte instead. All Korean coffee shops I've been to have latte art but I didn't see it on mine but no biggie. I haven't heard of anyone who died due to the lack of coffee art. But I did not taste pistachio in my latte. However, I did enjoy their honey toast. The toast was nice and buttery, lightly drizzled with honey and topped with vanilla bean ice cream. Yup, better than Ichiza's version.  So the next time I'm in the area or if I get so bored and want to drive 20 miles, I'll come back here. Oh, let's not forget those nights of drinking and I need a pick-me-upper, this place is open til 2am! Yay!
5 Great place. Perfect setting for a cold evening. Their outdoor patio has heaters and they give you blankets! They also give you water without you asking them. Super classy.
4 Serenade has pretty modern interior design. I really enjoyed the relax atmosphere with Korea pop music in background as soon as I walked into this store. There were not many pastry options when I visited. So, I ordered the special item, lavamour ($12), from blackboard. It was like a lava cake with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. It also came with a small cup of milk that you can pour in. Lava cake was very moist. Vanilla ice cream tasted like Häagen-Dazs one. I also tried pistachio latte and chai tea. They both were super milky in the good way. (I especially liked my pistachio latte.) I probably would enjoy both of them even more if I didn't have lavamour. Barista told me he can make less sweeten coffee per request. I will come back for more pistachio latte and maybe try their famous garlic honey toast!
5 I am positively in love with this place and I am not an avid coffee drinker!   I strolled in with a friend on an early Sunday afternoon and it was empty. However, that did not frighten me because Serenade came highly recommended in Elizabeth B.'s review. I was actually loving having the place to ourselves. Plus, they were playing indie k-pop :)   We were greeted as soon as we walked in by two very nice gentlemen and they gave us time to look at the menu. I opted for the Vanilla Chai Frappucino and pushed my friend in the direction of the Pistachio Latte (highly favorited) so that I could try hers. We sat down on the comfy chairs after we ordered and just kept looking around the place. I love everything here. I love the feel of it. I love the smell of it. I love the sound of it. I just absolutely love it! When I pulled myself out of Serenade Dream Land, I realized that one of the guys had brought our drinks over to us and asked if we needed anything. This is a sweet touch and I hope that they continue this even when they WILL get busier! Not many places that mainly serve up drinks will kindly set it up nice and pretty before delivering it over to you. You're usually a number waiting to be called.   The funny thing is, we ended up trying each other's drinks and ultimately decided to swap drinks. Mm mm Pistachio Latte. Thanks for recommending this Victoria Q.!   I cannot wait to come back and taste more things on the menu as well as their dessert offerings. I am glad that they stay open late because I might get cravings like I am right now typing us this review.   Come try them out!
4 So you got K-BBQ, K-Pop, K-Drama, and now in the Southwest area, a new K-Coffee Shop called Serenade(Ooooh...so romantic!) which has been well received by the Yelp Community.  Clean, spacious, free wi-fi, and outdoor seating...bonus! So lots of yelpers and their grandma have been raving about this Pistachio Latte, so I ordered that, and Wifey ordered the Chai Latte which were $4.50 each. The dessert case had cakes, cheesecakes, and macarons, but nothing that I was in the mood for, until one of the servers sells me on their Maple Story Waffle, $9..Ouch!  My Pistachio Latte was very creamy, nutty, and delicious, and although I'm not a fan of Chai, wifey's Chai Latte was pretty good. The Waffle though, was kinda disappointing. I was expecting a crisp exterior and a soft interior. It felt more like I was a farm animal chewing and chewing on some hay. The waffle itself is pretty small topped with vanilla ice cream, maple syrup, and toasted almonds really wasn't worth it.  I will return for the Pistachio Latte, but that would be after getting a dessert fix at Suzuya which is nearby and serves up better quality pastries....ALOHA!!!
5 I am absolutely in love with this place. Love, just love. Every time I walk in here, I just feel so calm and I feel like this place is perfect. Perfect to be alone, perfect to be with friends, and/or perfect place for those extra special moments with your lovable puppy. Yes, I'm a bit crazy in the head xP  It's so hard to find these types of coffee shops and now we have one in Las Vegas! My goodness. The last time I was at these types of coffee shop, it was in NYC and I severely miss those times (as I always say in my reviews.) I'm just so very very very happy that there is one in the city I live in so I could run to there and have a peaceful moment.   I suppose when you look at it, it'll give you the feel of an upscale Asian coffee shop. Then when you dig a bit more, you'll realize that it's a Korean coffee shop.   Now, you may ask...What's the difference between Chinese/Viet/Korean coffee shops? Aren't they all ASIAN. Well, to be truthful, it's the ambiance and the usually, the decor. The feeling I get when I walk into Serenade is completely different than the feeling I get when walking into Tea Station. And I hope you do too ....   As people have mentioned before me, the place was clean with cute decor all around -- quite modern. They have free wi-fi and an outdoor seating area with heat lamps for those cold weathers. So two out of three times, I've gone to Serenade, ordered a drink, and just sat there studying/reading.  So far, I've tried a few things on the menu.   Fiji tea: This tea smelled fruity but does not taste the same as it smelled. I would definitely recommend it. The aroma is very good. I think out of all the teas we've tried so far, this is my favorite.  Green tea: Your usual green tea. Nothing too special about it.  ZZZ tea: This is a tea with lavender and chamomile. I've actually never had lavender and chamomile tea before so this is my first time. It smelled quite herb-y but the taste wasn't so bad. I'm not sure if it was the tea or if I was just exhausted but I could barely get out of bed the next day. My friend had the same issue. Who knows! Maybe this tea just packs a huge punch! Gotta say, I may not want it again! HAHA!  Buccaneer tea: This smells deliciously amazing. It is a chocolate with coconut tea and you definitely smell the coconut. However, when you drink it, you may be a little confused cause it tastes absolutely nothing like how it smells. It's actually decent and it has an amazing aroma/depth to it. Definitely recommend this.  Honey lemon tea: This is their winter special. I personally really like honey lemon tea because the honey in it is very good for your throat, especially on winter nights or if you're coming down with something. However, their version has a little bit (or a lot) more honey than I can bare. I thought I was going to have cavities while drinking it. I actually had to get them to put more water into it to dilute the sweetness. Yikes! Half honey is ok for me on this one!  Pistachio latte: So many people have been raving about this but ... to me, this just tastes like sweet steamed milk. I can't quite taste anything else in here. Maybe because when I tried it, I was still a bit sick from my cold so maybe my taste buds have been tampered with? But then again, my friend tried it too and we had the same consensus. It was yummy, yes, but it's nothing I'd get addicted to. I do want to try their frappaccino version though :)  Serenade green grape juice: This was yummy! They had two types of grape juices -- a red grape and green grape. I asked the barista which one was better. He said the red grape one is sweeter but the green grape is more refreshing. I'm not typically a sweets person so I chose the green grape and I loved it. On top of it, it came in a cute jar haha :) Definitely recommend.  They are still very new so I'm hoping their menu will expand to include a bigger variety of teas. Other than that, I can't wait to go back to try some of their dessert items like the patbingsu/bingsu, Belgian waffle, and honey toast :)  PLUS SIDE. They are open until 2 am! Definitely taking my significant other here when he comes back into town!!!
3 I enjoyed the atmosphere of this really cute shop with a lofty feel.  I was however quickly unimpressed with their steep pricing. They seem to cater to a younger crowd so you would expect the pricing to be a bit more reasonable.    I did order their chai latte and i really liked it, but it is not my first cup of chai so i think it's safe to say it was some kind of packaged product.   My hubby ordered the pistachio latte  which was amazing however both drinks were not as hot as we would have liked them to be.    He also ordered a $9 waffle with pecans, maple syrup and whip cream which I thought was terrible.   It was dense and like a sourdough type of recipe.  They really pride themselves in their waffles but i have to completely disagree and at $9 it was totally not what I expected and it was also quite small (thank goodness in this case) .  Most of their desserts do however start at $9 so not sure I would want to choose different and be wrong again.   I am not sure about this joint yet, as my lasting impression of this place seems to be the high pricing and awful waffle. They do offer free WiFi and the service was pleasant.
5 Finally a tea/coffee shop on my side of town that rocks! I usually go to another joint in Boca Park, and the drive kinda sucks especially after a long day at work. I brought my friend Tiffany here for the first time and we both fell in love with this place. I've been here quite a few times now and everytime I love the experience. To drink, my two favorite things are the pistachio latte and the Fiji hot tea. When it comes to grub, I absolutely love the Gorgonzola pizza. It's not your typical pizza though. Imagine a crunchy quesadilla that you pour honey on. Weird I know, but trust me it's life changing. I was hesitant at first, but when I took my first bite my mind was blown. Amazing! Best of all it's a block away from my house and they are open late.
4 Ok, ok, ok! We're all watching check-in after check-in...how can you not stop by to try it?! I know I had to. First of all, this place is so cool. The hand painted stuff on the windows, the little stage up front and one of the coolest chandelier like light things I've ever seen. They also have a little basket full of blankets for people to use outside when it's cold, which I thought was awesome.    This was my first honey bread/toast experience and I think I'm addicted! The inside part of the bread kinda melts together and gets so gooey and buttery...dang it, it is good! Topped with the vanilla bean ice cream and honey, it all just comes together and makes for an awesome treat. My wife also had the infamous pistachio latte which is just a cup of frothy, nutty and creamy deliciousness! I got a kona mocha frapp, it was good but nothing spectacular like the other items.  So, yes it's a little on the pricey side and it gets so busy you may be waiting a bit..but it's worth it. We live way up on the NW part of Vegas and we're already wanting to make the trek back for more!
4 Cool spot to grab a drink, a quick bite to eat, and wifi surf :)  We tried the Pistachio Latte ($4.50). Pretty tasty! Subtle pistachio flavor, but the coffee/espresso was very smooth and went unnoticed.  Since I don't drink coffee often, this is how I prefer the taste.  We also ordered the Honey Bread ($8.50). They have a great version here!  Tasty Vanilla Bean Ice Cream on top of soft, sweet toast. Wish they went a little heavier on the honey though, but I am sure I could have requested more.  I'd recommend checking it out if you are in the area!  Pics :
4 Nice Asian coffee house reminds me of some of the places I visited back in Cali at jtown. Desserts are good, definitely will come back and try there honey toast and the coffee drink I tried was quite tasty. The place has pretty late business hours so definitely will take advantage of that especially since there is no coffee house that is open that late in the SW area.
5 Went twice in less than 24 hours! I love cozy little places like this and wish SO much that I could find one in the Bay Area, where I live. It brings me back to my days in South Korea, where cafes like this are pretty common. Anyway, Serenade offers a good variety of drinks with really good beans. I hear the pistachio latte is nearly to die for. They also serve tea in these adorable tea sets. I looked them up online, totally buying some for myself.   The employees are very nice and helpful, the music is soothing, and it`s just a great place to sit and get some work done with a pot of tea and dessert. Or even just to hang out with friends. My only "concern" is the price, but given the quality of everything, the customer service and how well they maintain the place, it`s forgivable.
4 Coffee for those who care about coffee.  New to the South West, Serenade is a wonderful cafe that appears to cater towards artistic/hipster/single origin coffee lovers. Serenade's environment is accented from the window art on the exterior to the four artistic walls ranging from wood, brick and art covered concrete. There are quite a few indoor seating options as well as outside covered seating. Coffee is available single origin in pour over and the espresso is made by a single La Marzocco. Free pouring latte art is typically hearts with the occasional rosetta. Tea is served in glass tea pots on a stand. Signature drinks include the Pistachio Latte and the Choco Latte (both non-caffeinated). Both are incredible, especially the Pistachio, available hot or frappe.   Customer service is superb for a cafe. Ordering is painless and both for here and to go drinks are brought to your table. Free internet is available and there is plenty of space between tables so you won't be bumped and can study uninterrupted. The overall experience of Serenade is fantastic, allowing it to be a contender in Las Vegas's meek options of up class cafe's.
3 Pistachio Latte Garlic Honey Toast Honey Toast  With Las Vegas undergoing their independent coffee shop renaissance a few years after most major cities it is perhaps a testament to the local Asian cultures that one of the more well received new locations has been Serenade, a Korean Coffee locale situated in the Southwest featuring a well culled menu of drinks and lattes alongside a small pastry menu and particularly well regarded Honey Toast, the latter of which was to be the focus of an 8am Saturday morning visit along with the oft raved Pistachio Latte.  Small and stylish with free Wi-Fi and comfortable seating plus a soundtrack that is present but not invasive it was with some irritation that, true to rumor, our arrival was originally met with the restaurant claiming to be unable to make honey toast because they were 'out of bread' while also confirming that none of the pastries were made in-house but in true service recovery mode it was then with some surprise that upon hearing about our reasons for visiting a clerk was dispatched not only to retrieve bread but also to prepare two orders of the item for free - one traditional, one with garlic, and both topped with ice cream plus honey.  Admittedly impressed by such a showing of service though still a bit mystified as to how/why they would allow this issue to be recurrent I must say that overall the latte was serviceable albeit a bit cooler than I'd prefer while both of the honey toasts were quite good, the texture every bit on par with Ichiza and better than Spot while the quality of the bread and ice cream outstripped both.  Perhaps a bit too new to judge I cannot say yet that I'd rush back to Serenade given the distance from my home but at the same time I'd also not hesitate to recommend a visit provided Ray and team straighten out the bread situation as the garlic honey toast is definitely something that needs to be experienced to be appreciated.
5 As a college student, studying in the house doesn't always cut it and neither does driving to the school to stay in the library for the late hours. Public libraries are closed and starbucks are always busy. So I insisted to my boyfriend that we should study here and check it out. Here's what I found:  Setting:      Location is unusual because it's hard to spot from Rainbow, but it's tucked away in the Smith's parking lot in the SW area. "Drawn etching" of french style buildings on the glass and I open the door to a simple, urban/contemporary type coffee shop. It's the kind where you would imagine poetry jams or a local acoustic artist gig. (There's a lit corner that is elevated into a mini scaffold as if they might go in that direction)  Small round tables enough for 2 people to sit with maybe a dozen tables. Wooden seating with red cushion covers. A wick basket of blankets is available in the corner if you want to cozy up outside in the patio. Black and white photography framed on the walls and a chalkboard written menu.  What I tried:  The baristas are really nice and take time to do each drink. It's very relaxing actually. Music is like a mix of old style R&B and korean ballads. Pistachio latte tastes milky...really milky with a subtle pistachio taste ($4.50). Has the sweetness of Frosted cheerios. Fiji tea (~$7/pot )which is a combination of three fruit teas reminded me of clear gummy bears. It's not overwhelming but its crisp. ZZZ tea definitely had a floral/herbal taste. I think my boyfriend said its Chamomile and Jasmine for that mix.  Impression :  Goodness. Free wi-fi using business speed internet service. I must have stayed there doing my research paper from 6PM-11PM and they offered me tea refills for FREE! :] It's like a Tea Station by my house but without seating limits before they charge you or a minimum purchase limit for using payment using a card.  Can't vouch for the food yet but basing my rating on ambiance and study venue, this place is adorable. I definitely felt like I was on a relaxing, bonding date with my man (even though we were both were typing away on our papers).
4 First time going here n I'm in love with their pistachio latte... Cute place to just hang out and drink tea or coffee
5 Honey Bread!  Bingsoo!  Serenade (green grape)! Nice interior!! Very friendly! Great customer service! if you want to get a cup of coffee or a drink, try this place instead of SBUCKs!! You wont be disappointed! I guarantee that once come to this spot. You gonna come back again and again!!!
5 Newly opened korean style cafe. It is near my apt so now I come here instead of starbucks. Great customer service plus cozy environment. I tried both green and red serenade, they are both very refreshing. They also have different kinds of latte that my friends said are good too. If one thing,  I wish they have sweet potato latte :)
4 Pistacio frappes are amazing. They could use more ice cream on their honey brick toast. Price..... It's a little too pricy for being a cafe, but it's still good. I love it's uniqueness!
5 My new favorite coffee shop! I was there on opening day and fell in love. This place is overall so chic and the atmosphere is perfect. I love the relaxed ambience the Korean music in the background creates.   On top of that, the employees are so nice! Great customer service.   All of their drinks and desserts are amazing, my favorite being the Serenade drink (red grape and apple), their Italian lemon cake (drizzled in sauce and topped with berries), the pistachio latte, honey bread and berry waffle. They offer a variety of teas which are also delicious.   Everything about this place is great! I'm here at least 3 times a week, and it is a perfect place to study, catch up with friends or simply hang out on your own. Personally I never like dining anywhere alone, but Serenade makes it comfortable enough to do so. Definitely recommend this place!
4 HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Limited dessert options. There's different sets of tables and chairs that don't make sense together in a space.  LIKE  Honey toast. Seasonal drinks. Window murals and overall decoration of the place. Open late.  LOVE  Honey lemon tea. Handwritten menu on the chalkboard.
4 A coffee shop that isn't Starbucks open late... and it's good? Finally! That is a huge, huge plus.  If there was an award for overachieving coffee shop of the year, it's this place. Everything looks perfect. A modern combination of wood, concrete, and metal. Almost like a NYC flat/studio. The menu is a chalkboard, and there is a mini "stage" in the corner - presumably for a future indie-style performance.  The menu is filled with some familiar and some new. I wanted to try everything in one sitting, but that's probably not wise. There are the normal selections of coffees and teas, but wait, there's more! Pistachio lattes, juices, lemonades, and small pastries make it to the menu, too. Oh yeah, and an Asian favorite - honey toast. Like I said, some familiar and some new.  What's really refreshing here is the combination of service and presentation with equally as important quality in products. Everyone is kind and knowledgeable, bringing your items personally to your table. Presentation is spot on with little tea pots above tea warmers served with tiny Bodum-style glasses so your tea stays warmer and is easier to hold.  Coffee is served in large mugs, as you'd expect. Quality of their tea and ingredients is where it should be. Between the pistachio latte, earl gray tea, and matcha green tea frappe - all were great. Even indulged in a slice of cake which certainly did not let me down. No surprises, and that's a good thing.   This is one of my favorite coffee shops now, easily. Especially that it's open late. Angels were singing the moment I read they were open til 2. Why don't more places capitalize on this need? Anyway, Serenade. Do it.
5 Get serenade !!! awsome grape ade cant be better than anything else.  waffle is just enough to call it perfect!!
3 Serenade is a new cafe in the southwest that has already become known for its pistachio latte (it is tasty), and is one of the few coffee shops open late in this part of town (original hours were 8:00am - 2:00am, but I overheard an employee saying that they may adjust their closing time to 12:00am).  Their menu has the typical spread of cafe beverages, from coffee to lattes to frappuccinos.  They also serve food, but it consists of dessert type foods: honey toast, waffles, pastries, cakes, etc.  Not exactly the kind of cafe you would start your day at by getting coffee and breakfast (unless you enjoy sugary breakfasts).  I've only had the drinks here, and I feel they tend to be on the expensive side.  Coffee is $3.00 and other specialty drinks are $4.00-$5.00.  Overall Serenade is a nice cafe that offers a charming setting to sit and relax, so I have no problem coming here on a fairly regular basis for a warm drink.
4 I stopped by here today to try their drinks and to check it out for a future Yelp Book Club meeting.  I wanted something cold as the day was warmer than I'd dressed for.  I had read the Yelp reviews and the one thing that people had been ordering and liking was their pistachio latte.  I ordered a pistachio frappuccino.  It was quickly made and I took a seat.  The pastry case had been hit by holiday shoppers because there wasn't much left.  I could have gotten something but it was easier to pass this time.  I sat at one of their tables and took a few photos for this review.  Then I checked for wifi.  A locked wifi.  I went to the counter and they pointed to the left side of the chalk menu board and the password is there.  The wifi was pretty zippy, but there weren't a whole lot of people there.  This is a good distance from where I live but when I'm in the neighborhood for something else, this is a good place to stop.  And, this will make an excellent place for our Yelp book club meeting.
1 Walked in here tonight to grab a cup of tea and maybe some honey toast. It's a new place close to home so I wanted to check it out!   Me and my girlfriend walk in and the place is full of people sitting at tables enjoying their drinks and pastries but when I get to the cash register no one is around? I hear the jumbling of pans in the back so assume they are just finishing up something and will be right out. I patiently wait for 8-10 min still no one comes out? Sad I was craving something sweet and really wanted to give this place a shot. I think we will just wait for the new Sambalatte to open on jones and 215 always had great service there.  Maybe someday I will give this place another shot, please put a little bell by the register for customers to ring when people are in the back to know someone is waiting! Did I mention just by looking at the menu the prices are VERY high, almost to the point of being outrageous, I understand it's not a chain coffee shop but come on rethink your pricing to the clientele your catering to..
5 I went here today with a couple of friends and was impressed with the kind service they had. I ordered the pistachio latte and we all shared a teapot of the chocolate-coconut tea. Don't be fooled by the name, the tea was actually really delicious! I think I poured myself at least 10 cups of it. The pistachio latte was also delicious. It was very milky and not too sweet. They even offered free refills on our teapots. Overall the atmosphere is really nice, the service was great and the beverages were yummy. I will definitely be coming back here.
5 Been here a couple of times and besides the usual coffee chic allure that pulls people in, and the actual taste of the coffee, teas and baked treats---I have to say the one thing that stands out about Serenade cafe is their service.  Each time I've visited despite the circumstances, the service there and the experience provided is unmatched. The staff there is always smiling and patient, taking the time to offer suggestions as well as help customers sign up with their epoxy cards and get it properly stamped and set up. I don't recall his name but the man with the lightish brown hair who I'm assuming is the Manager, was even nice enough to bring over and offer blankets to me and my friend when we had no choice but to sit outside in the cold next to one of their heaters since it was beyond crowded inside. He even took the extra step to check in with us, make sure the heaters were warm enough, make sure our order came quickly and even apologize for the heavy traffic of customers and dead tired university students that stayed posted on their laptops and kept a majority of the tables. Lol Working as a waitress I know the struggles of providing good, fair customer service and dealing with one too many things at the same time. Needless to say, the staff here leaves me feeling impressed almost to the point of awe in the professionalism they carry themselves with but still managing to be warm and welcoming to each customer that walks in or stops by. One of the few places that deserves every bit of their tips.   As for their food and lattes. They seem to know what their doing with their whole savory and sweet aspect of their dishes such as their garlic honey toast. I actually prefer their honey toast as opposed to popular sites such as Ichiza. The hint of garlic under the vanilla ice cream and honey may sound strange but oddly enough, it works exceptionally well.  I can not rave about their pistachio (which many can attest as life changing---it's true) latte as well as their chai lattes enough. The pistachio seems to be their signature and most popular latte however if you are looking for something christmasy, cinnamony and overall just amazing on these chilly Vegas nights then you MUST try their chai lattes. If I didn't know better, I'd say it's made out of gingerbread man jizz. Not that I'd know but words and proper analogies literally fail me after sipping on such goodness.  :3
4 It's a bit tough to find, but it's In the corner by Polecats.  It's a Korean run shop and the decor is quite nice.  There a few tables inside mostly set up for smaller groups. It looks like they might have outside seating when it's not so cold.  The tea lattes are actually pretty sweet, but had a good milky flavor that gave the drink a creamy consistency.  The regular teas are for two and cost about double their other drinks.  We tried the Fiji (pineapple, guava, green tea) and overall I think it had a pretty weak flavor.  Cappuccino was good.  They put a bit of chocolate dust over the top.  The Very Berry Waffle was also pretty good. The waffle was warmed up and went well with the ice cream. The berry sauce was also pretty good.  The service was good and it was really warm inside.  Overall I'd visit again to hang out and chat with friends here.
5 Great drinks, open late, good for catching up.  Every time I visit Vegas - I come back here to catch up with friends after dinner.  Servers are very friendly and accommodating.  Pistachio latte or even frap is really good. You can't go wrong with them. Tea here is also great. it comes in a teapot with 2 teacups. They will fill up the teapot with more hotwater (refill) if you ask them. They're very nice about this.   If you sit outdoors, they have heaters outside that do a good job of warming you up.  Reliable, great place. I like this tea-shop a lot, and I will be back.
5 I will finally do a review on this wonderful place!! I've been going here since they opened in October 2013 and I must say it's my go to coffee shop. What is Starbucks when there is Serenade?   Customer service is the biggest highlights of this place! Their high-quality customer service as never changed since they opened! You can't even get mad at them because they're always very understanding and patient. You'd think if a bunch of college students go there and are loud and what not and stay there for 4 hours, you would think they'd get irritated and mad but they don't! They never ask you to leave, unless it's about to close! I give customer service 5 stars! It's really the best!  I have tried almost everything on the menu and I can't say I disliked any of them. All the teas are delicious, but my favorite is Fiji Tea, it smells wonderful and tastes great! Also note that the reason the Hot Tea is a little more pricey is because they are refillable! So if you are studying or even just catching up with friends for like 3 hours they keep refilling your tea unless told otherwise!  Belgian Waffle is really good, both the Very Berry and Maple Story! It's not too sweet and not too bland.  Honey Bread: I personally like the Garlic Honey Bread the most. At first I was very hesitant on getting it because I wasn't too sure on Garlic and Honey, but it turned out to be my favorite dessert there!  Affogato is yum, I usually dont like coffee or espresso at that but i must say I LOVE ICE CREAM, and the espresso just gives it that yummy coffee taste to it. So if you don't really like to drink coffee but love ice cream, try the Affogato.  Bingsoo (Shaved ice): All of them are great! I'd suggest ordering this if you're a little hungry and is able to share it with someone because its huge and presentation on each flavor is to par!  I've had tiramisu cake and it was really good! I'm really picky with tiramisu because it's my favorite but I'd totally get a piece of that cake when i'm craving it!  Remember, I'm not a big fan of coffee, but i have tried the Caramel Macchiato and it was really tasty :D  I've had all the lattes and my favorite is Green Tea Latte, but that's only because I love green tea.   I've had the Matcha Green Tea Frap and it was really good, the texture was nice and it didn't melt too fast.  Serenade Green Grape Juice is OMG YUM! When you want something refreshing, try any of the Juice/Ade! It is all so delicious!  They also have seasonals/specials which are always good to try cause usually they always put a cute little design on your drink and it tastes really good!
4 fun place to just chill out with your asian peeps!   ambiance: 5 - cool, cute Asian hipster place. there are fun and interesting drawings on the windows and walls! also, there are seats on both the outside and inside.   service: 4 - most of the service was speedy, but the honey bread took a dang long time. it is a huge loaf of bread that is made to order, but it just takes way too long. if their crowd gets bigger, they need to speed that process up!!!!   food: 4 - I ordered the chai tea latte and honey bread while my friend took that pistachio latte and the Irish cream cake.   first, that cake was the bomb!! it was yummy, moist, and delicious. it sorta tasted like a creamy drink in the form of a cake.   the honey bread was HUGE. you should share that thing! it's literally a huge block. it was a bit over buttered! they should add something to make the honey flavor come out of hiding :)   The lattes were good, but I don't know why that pistachio latte is well known. a little bit more pistachio was needed because it tasted like good, warm milk. but the chai tea latte was creamy and good, I really liked it!
5 Ok. I'm eating their gorgonzola pizza WITH HONEY as I type this and it's BOMBBBBBBBBBB!!!!!   I know this spot is known for its desserts but, this savory pizza is right up my alley! I can neva-eva say no to cheese...anything cheese, especially when it's as stinky as gorgonzola!  Shockingly, they brought a little espresso cup filled with honey and recommend I eat the pizza with it...and it's bomb diggity.  I came here to catch up on some thing on the computer cause, lets face it, I get distracted at home. Initially had a hard time finding this place because of its directions on Yelp. Although I knew it had to be in this Strip mall, the directions lead me to believe Serenade was in the construction site across the street.   When I got here around 9am, I was greeted with their great chandelier and cute "Central Perk" type décor...not your neighborhood Starbucks! Ordered their Pistachio latte with double shots of espresso. The strong  flavor of the espresso was hidden in the flavor of the pistachio latte. Perfection.  It's currently 1pm and I've seen various customers eat their honey toast, which looks HUGE. Something I couldn't finish alone. Also, currently, trying their Fiji tea because I'm starting to feel under the weather and it's brought out in SUPER CUTE glass tea pot, SUPER CUTE double glassed tea cup, and a SUPER CUTE glass tea pot warmer, with hearts on it. OH-EMM-SUPER-KAWAII =)=)=) It's all about the packaging and presentation, they say.... Oh. And the Fiji tea was yum, too!  Free wi-fi. Acoustic entertainment on Wednesdays. Open late. This is another local business I hope makes it.
4 A late night dessert restaurant is something every area of town needs, and the southwest area is no exception.  So Serenade is definitely a welcome addition to this part of town!   We arrive after 8 pm and most of the tables are occupied by those enjoying hot drinks, on their laptops, or enjoying a sweet treat.  We grab the one large table by the counter and it takes awhile for us to decide.  Ultimately, we get the Honey Bread ($8.50) (aka Honey Toast) with extra honey and two drinks - the Pistachio Latte ($4.50) and the Peppermint Latte ($4.50).  The flavor is quite subtle for the Pistachio Latte and the Husband enjoyed it.  The Little Guy preferred my Peppermint Latte more though.  The honey bread is lovely as usual, but they do offer a Garlic version for 50 cents more.  Apparently it's garlic butter instead of plain butter used on it.   The menu has your standard cafe drinks, hot and cold.  Waffles, cakes, pizzas, and pastries are among the items to munch on.  They offer outside seating and blankets too!  Stamp cards are available via the Epoxy app, so download for your Buy 9 Get 1 Free cards.    Since they are located in the Smiths's Shopping Center, and the same corner as Rice N Noodle and Patty's Closet, there is plenty of parking available.  Free WiFi - look for the pass code on the board behind the register.  Overall, a nice alternative to meet up with friends at for coffee and cake.
4 There is a place open for late night desserts and coffee that's not on the Strip or in Chinatown. After dinner and a show, we wanted to get some coffee and talk without being in a crowded vicinity.    We came to this quaint Korean style coffee house.  Everything about it made me long for my favorite place in Korea. The textural differences on the walls, the cute cityscape drawings on the windows, the wicker chairs and metal tables were just a throwback. The coffee was delicious and strong. I saw the honey toast go out and it is a beast.  I am more excited to give the green tea bingsu a try though. At least I know where to go when I want to go and relax in comfort.
4 The honey bread is a pretty large order, cannot attack this solo!  The pistachio latte is absolutely delicious! Also had the italian lemon cake which was yummy. Unfortunately, the guy is finding a new place to order macaroons, so there was no macaroons at the time.  It is a cute little cafe, food place to hang out or even study, but not a very big place. They offer wifi :)  Their drink menu is enticing. Can't wait to try all the other drinks!
5 AMAZING!!!! My friend and I love this place. Imagine the "Perk City" coffee shop in Friends...well Serenade is our place!!! We come here about 2-5 times a week (sometimes more) for a great cup of coffee, tea,  their signature Serenade (a sweet apple and grape juice), and desserts.   Everyone of their drink selections is out of this world. They seriously have the best soy green tea latte in town; way better than Starbucks. Their regular hot teas are served in a cute tea pot that you can share with your friends/family; like it's a tea party. All their dessert and food options are very yummy. From their green tea shaved ice to their waffles, and honey toast, you gotta try it all.    The ambiance is very welcoming and cozy. It's a great place to come with friends, family, a date or even if you just need alone time to study. They open early and close late. The customer service here is very much up to par and its definitely service with a smile.   If you haven't been to Serenade you're definitely missing out.
5 This place is so cute!! I absolutely love it~   They have a variety of coffees, teas, & juices! I ordered the macha latte & my friend ordered the mocha latte. Both were delicious. We also ordered the tiramisu. So good!!   It's located in a shopping complex so there's tons of parking. There's seating both indoor and outdoor. The staff is friendly and love the decor!
5 Came here with my friend and absolutely loved the place. The Pistachio latte was EXTREMELY delicious. They brought our drinks and dessert out to us and it was all very nice. We also tried their waffle and their honey toast. The waffle was just crunchy enough on the outside and soft and fluffy inside. The honey toast was pretty amazing as well.  The cafe was pretty cozy and intimate and the baristas seemed very knowledgeable and made some great suggestions. I will DEFINITELY be back here!
4 Nice little place that was even nicer before a bunch of loud obnoxious customers started coming in. Now it sounds like a bar. Still a 4 start joint in my opinion.
4 Their teas come in cute little pots and are big enough to share with 2-4 people. The coffee is delicious and I recommend their mint latte! The downside is that they do not make a design on every coffee.
5 I love this place.  It's right by my house and the coffee and food is awesome.  Great service and a good place to study or hang out
4 I like this place a lot! It's really close to my house and they are open late. The atmosphere is nice, music good and staff are friendly. The drinks are a little pricey but I think it's worth it. As I am writing this review, I have only been here twice. I got the Pistachio Latte both times because it's amazing! Not overly sweet which is a huge plus. The only negative thing I have to say about this place is that the last time I was there, I was sweating heaps because their heater was on really high. It didn't help that I had a hot drink to make it worse. I was dying to get out of there asap but pushed through, although, complaining about it the whole time.  I am hoping it isn't always like this. I like being warm but not to the point that I can't wait to get out of the place!  I'll be back again. I really wanna try their dessert. I've seen pictures of their waffles and toast and it looks delicious!
5 The guys working the register and taking orders don't speak English very well but hopefully they are learning everyday.  Just be patient with them if you have questions or a special order.  I ordered the pistachio latte..it doesn't have coffee in it but it was very good 5/5  I wanted an iced tea and they said the only cold tea they had was the honey plum tea which was also very good. 5/5  I will return again soon. Cute place : )
4 Whats good ya'll? Greetings! Top of the morning to you chap! Hola! Can I get your number guuuuuurl? Wanna get serenaded tonight guuuuuuurl? DTF (down to FUN of course)?  All opening lines to conversations you could be having at this quaint coffee shop in the bustling southwest of Las Vegas.  The pistachio latte is indeed the business, with probably zero caffeine but sweet and smooth pistachio "flavortown" is worth the $4 something. Coffees are around $3 and specialty drinks somewhere $4-$5. The food is on the expensive end, unless you enjoy the $9 waffles and $6 slices of cake.   Good for morning, afternoon, evening, and late night meetings with your study group, friends, significant other, business partner, or potential "client" ;).
5 Wonderful Coffee and Tea shoppe!! Open, Spacious and Clean. Outlets at every table and Wifi for long term visitors! Open late for the night owl and provides some of the tastiest tea in the Vegas area and a decent selection of coffee.. With daily specials, today being Ethiopian!   If you are feeling a bit peakish there are some lovely pastries.  And finally.. You can't have a good Coffee Shoppe without a wonderful staff! Everyone was friendly and patient with this out of towner :)
4 First off, download the app: Epoxy so you can get an e-stamp card ;). If you come often enough, why not?  They've got desserts, tea, coffee, and stuff like that.  The place isn't exactly spacious so bring a friend or two but a group is ill-advised. Especially if you're just chilling and playing cards or something. Bring that to Fresh Cup or Icy Juicy or something.  Otherwise, it's a pretty chill place to be at with a few friends. They've also got outside seating so it'll be a bit more roomy once the weather gets warmer. The tea gets you free refills. My favorite is Fiji, hands down, and nothing else has really stood out to me.  Very Berry Waffle - I approve. Haven't tried the Maple Story or the toast but they're definitely up on my list soon enough.
3 Cute little face in the southwest area. I like how the chairs have seat cushions so your bum doesn't hurt if you sit for a while. While I was there, they played a mix of Korean and popular English songs, albeit a little too loud, but that didn't bother me a whole lot.   I read so much about the pistachio latte so I thought maybe I'd try that. It's a 'non-coffee' drink so if you want caffein, you'll have to add on a  shot of espresso, which I did. This drink is way too sweet for my taste - even after adding some dark espresso. I had my friend Tom tried this drink and he agreed that it was too sweet. Instead, he ordered a caramel macchiato and he said it was perfect so I guess maybe I should have tried something else.
4 Nice cute neighborhood Korean coffee shop by my neck of the woods and it's open late.  Not to mention it's right next door to a poll dancing class. Hah.  There's about a dozen tables with a few out door tables to the side.  Coffee was strong just how i like.  And the honey toast blew Ichiza out of the park.   The honey toast was buttery.....it was toasty and crisp.....the ice cream melting in the inner breads mixed with honey.......i'm salivating just thinking about it.  We also got a complimentary Irish Cream pie.   Apparently they accidentally dropped the order of toast but the staff was so kind to inform us it would take 10 more minutes to whip up an order and offered the slice of pie.  We thought that was pretty awesome.    I'll be back to try their belgian waffles, other desserts, and array of coffees and other drinks.
3 I really wanted to like this coffee/dessert bar, especially after reading so many positive reviews on the place. Unfortunately, this establishment falls short of my expectations.  The first impression of the place was initially very good but as soon as I got to the counter, the person who was behind the pastry display was extremely unhelpful and unfriendly. I tried to give this person the benefit of the doubt but the person did not offer any suggestions or listened to what I was asking about the desserts. This really upset me but I still wanted to try their food.  Looking through their pastry display, I was sad to see that most of the desserts looked pre-made, not fresh, and not made on premises. This completely turned me off to ordering the honey toast at this point. So I just ordered a coffee - which offered nothing really special in taste or creativity. I've had better at other local indie coffee bars.  I hope readers of my review can get a better idea of this place. It seems like this establishment would be good for the "college crowd" since it seems to have a decent reputation and offer a place to study/work. But the quality of the food doesn't justify the pricing.  Overall, I would not recommend this coffee bar.
4 Nice, fairly new place opening on the SW side of town, by Windmill and Rainbow. Great atmosphere. Opens late. Good for socializing, studying, reading, or even dates.   A favorite place for me now ! Different from the usual boba places and coffee shops.   Free wi-fi (password is written on the wall next to the menu)   Nice decor, good amount of seating, not too loud, not too quiet, variety of music (not only korean, but english as well) Also as outdoor seating. They have space heaters outside, if you decide to sit outside when its cold, also provide blankets too XD  Their tea's used to be served in a nice glass tea pot, over a candle on a stand, and little tea cups that was designed so it was not hot to hold. But, due to some unfortunate reasons, they no longer serve it in a tea pot, and only in individual cups. They still allow free refills (just hot water anyway) at 1/2 the price it was at for the tea pot.   Tried a variety of things so far ...  Green Tea: Normal green tea. Light and fragrant. Good if you arent interested in the other, more uncommon flavors.   ZZZ Tea: Lavender and Chamomile. I've had lavender in Japan at a lavender garden/farm, but not chamomile. Lavender is good for relaxing and sleep. Good to drink to relax, or can be bathed in as well. Smells quite nice, fragrant lavender. But DRINKERS BEWARE ! ! ! Holy crap this knocked me and my friend out for a good 12 hours that night and made us overly sore and tired. I dont know if it was because we were tired from previous day activities or what. But oh man... be careful when trying this one XD   Buccaneer Tea: Smells AMAZING ! Chocolate and coconut tea. Very strong fragrance of coconut. Taste, not so much amazing. Still fragrant but you may be a little confused on what you are drinking in comparison to the smell. XD i know i was at least ....   Honey Lemon Tea: Seasonal (winter) special. Good for soothing the throat if you are slightly sick with a sore throat. Too much honey. Really sweet. Even after adding more hot water. Not bad, but probably request to have less honey used  Pistachio Latte: Light pistachio flavor. Nice color and fragrance but as said, it was quite light. LOTS of milk, would have liked a little stronger on the coffee flavor side, or at least the pistachio flavor. Especially, since this drink is so popular and raved about  Serenade Green Grape Juice - Delicious for the non-caffeine drinkers ! They offer two types, red and green. Red is generally sweeter, green is more tart. Nice and refreshing. Freshly blended and made.   Very Berry Waffle - Fresh and hot with a nice big scoop of ice cream. Red berry sauce with a variety of berries (blueberries, strawberries, and raspberres. Nice, crispy exterior, but soft interior. Great snack to share or indulge yourself.   Great place to go and dont plan on stop coming here any time soon !
5 This place is awesome, cozy and it serves awesome drinks. My favorites are honey toast (you should try it, it is bread with butter, with honey and ice cream) and green tea frap.
4 I love this place, has live music every Thursday. Reminds me of L.A. tea house in Korea town. Must haves: matcha frappe, green grape juice and honey bread.
3 Serenade has an open ceiling design aiming for a loft-like ambiance. Menu is written with chalk in a blackboard behind the counter where to order. Free wifi connection if you plan to hang and chill. Ended up ordering their Buccaneer Tea and Maple Belgian Waffle. Tea was served in a clear glass teapot with a small candle, a teapot warmer attachment under it. It costs $7 but it was good to share for 2-3 people. The tea was pretty good and we were offered a refill after the server saw that the pot was almost empty. Nothing special about their cakes and waffles though. The Belgian waffle doesn't taste as good as it looks. I recommend trying their hot teas, cold teas on glass jars with a clever cork cover, and their honeytoast but not their cakes.  Over all, it's a 3.75
4 Came here to study/read. Recently found out from a friend that they brought back the hot tea with tea pots and tea cups. And sure enough, they did !  Ordered the green tea. simple green tea.   Service was great. They periodically came up to me, when my pot was near empty, asking if i wanted a refill of hot water.   Before i left, i brought the pot, cup, and holder back to them. This is one of the main reasons why i go here, is because of the tea pot :D   One thing i wonder though is if they'd let me get a pot of hot water and cup and let me use my own tea ..... ? since they dont have like various chinese teas.
4 I think with coffee shops, one factor to consider besides their drinks and food is the overall atmosphere and general set up.  For my drink of choice, I absolutely love their pistachio lattes. To me, it is creamy smooth hot drink with a subtle pistachio flavor. Just enough for the right amount of sweetness imo. Considering my sensitivity to caffeine, I am pleased to know that this drink does not (or has very minimal) caffiene. I could continue to have this drink and enjoy it as well.   As for the atmosphere, I really like the overall ambience of the shop. The lighting is softly dimmed but enough to suit those who are reading or doing any particular busy work. I also like the decor. The chalk menu adds character to this place as well as the drawings on the glass windows.
4 This is definitely a cool little tucked-away coffee shop.   The staff was attentive and polite, the drink selection had a good variety to it and although we didn't get to try their food selection, we enjoyed our drinks.  What we ordered: Pistachio latte and white choc. frappe. They both had great flavor and not super sugary (which is how it seems a lot of coffee shops make their stuff). The pistachio drink almost tasted like the milk left over after cereal...mmmmm.  Overall, between our first experience and the fact that have pretty extensive hours...I will definitely come again.
4 This is probably one of the most relaxing coffee shop I've been to. The atmosphere, the design and especially the heart shape light that was posted on the wall just made it all amazing.  I came here as my last stop before flying back into town after visiting family in Las Vegas, NV. I've never been to a place that does the design on your latte before and I heard this was one of the place that did them. However I didn't know you had to ask them to design it so I kind of missed out that. I did though see the pictures they posted up of their designs they made which were butterflies, rabbits, and leaves. Which all looked pretty amazing.   I ordered a caramel machiatto with an extra shot of espresso which definitely had a good taste and kick to keep me up after a long weekend of Las Vegas partying. I also tried the Pistachio Latte that my friend ordered which I thought was absolutely phenomenal. I can't wait to return here to see what other things they have to offer. Heck if I lived in Las Vegas, i would probably go to this place often to do my homework.   The place reminds me of those soothing cafe shops that you would see in movies, the music, the dim lights and arts just really put you in that scene. I can see why the name is "Serenade"...it really serenaded me! I recommend the next time anyone visits Sin City, to stop by here!
5 Stopped by here after reading lot of good reviews and the pictures I seen on yelp. We had the green tea, pistachio latte, cappuccino and the toasted bread with ice cream. Everything was really delicious! Highly recommend serenade for a place to grab coffee and catch up w friends. Nice ambience!
4 Serenade is a real chill place in the SW, away from the strip, and away from Chinatown where you can enjoy some delicious drinks and desserts and if you wanted to open your laptop/tablet to do some work or something else.  I wish it was Serenade and not Sambalatte I'd walk to in the middle of the day.  Order something pistachio. The pistachio latte is probably what has been mentioned again and again in reviews it's a must. The pistachio frappuccino on the other hand is my favorite drink here but that's because I prefer cold drinks over hot, maybe cause it's topped with whipped cream.  Order something honey toast. Who knew a big portion of bread toasted with honey butter and topped with ice cream be so good?  There's even a garlic honey toast option which is money. Ask for extra honey. And bring breath mints cause of garlic breath. Some of the toast outside maybe hard I'd suggest dipping in more honey or a drink.   There's more drinks and desserts. There's tables both inside and outside. There's punch card, technically you need to order the Epoxy app but I noticed many other businesses I venture to use Epoxy and failed to tell me. There's free Wi-Fi and live music.   Serenade has the perfect name. I mean there's a female fitness business and a Bodyheat Tanning next door and there's a stage here. I got this... Darlin' I can't explain. Where did we lose our way. Girl it's drivin' me insane. And I know I just need one more chance. To prove my love to you If you come back to me I'll gurantee. That I'll never let you go...
4 The scene is ideal: modern lighting fixtures, the clinking of ceramic, a subtle aroma upon walking in, quiet conversations, doodles on glass, and brick accents, reminiscent of a coffee shop in a film.  To make it clear, I am no coffee connoisseur. I am definitely not an expert on tea, but I am the average consumer, and every drink I've had from here has been delicious down to the last sip! The food--scrumptious, but fresh and somehow light!  Overall, I think Vegas needed more places like this. It's a relaxing place to enjoy the quiet. Bonus--they're open late; take advantage!
5 This place is in a kinda of secluded area so initilally I had a heard time finding where it was, but as soon as I got in it was like walking into a Korean drama. The atmosphere is very calm and inviting. The music is primarily Korean (which I love) but if that's not your thing there are seats outside. Their menu is a bit pricey but I very much enjoyed everything I ordered. Love this place and will def be back again and again!!
4 After hearing good things about Serenade, a friend and I finally had the chance to check it out. Right off the bat I could tell it was a popular spot. Lots of people chatting with friends and others with their laptops trying to study. There's an area outside with heat lamps to sit which I thought was cool. The decor was cute and trendy. I was excited to try the pistachio latte because I'm a sucker for all things pistachio. I also ordered a lemon raspberry cake because it looked yummy. Both were really delicious. I'm giving Serenade a 4/5 because the drink was pricey for its size. More seating would be nice but we did go on a Friday night so all the high schoolers are out and about. Other than that I would definitely come back to try other items.
3 Late night honey toast run with the boyfriend during Valentine's Day weekend.  A Yelp search steered me towards Serenade.  A little tricky to find once in the shopping center as it is tucked away in the corner (northwest).    Very nicely coordinated decor-a mixture of stone, brick, and wood paneling coupled with a unique hanging light bulb fixture which caught my eye upon entering. The scene was lively, a mix of younger and older adults. The staff at the front appeared extremely occupied with making orders.  After a few minutes  they acknowledged us and took our order of honey bread (toast) + a pistachio latte. Both orders were made at the recommendation of Yelp reviewers as I wasn't in the mood for any surprises.  I was intrigued by the concept of garlic honey bread but again, decided to not take any chances.    Our order was out within 15 minutes and before any pictures could be taken, our two forks had gone in for the killing. My boyfriend and I have difficultly rationing honey bread in equal parts as we're both hardcore fanatics of the dessert.  The outside of the honey bread was too crisp for my liking but the insides were perfectly soft and doughy.  Accompanied by vanilla bean ice cream (which they initially said they were out of but somehow delivered on) and you have the makings of one hell of a dessert. It doesn't sound like much, slabs of Texas looking toast + butter + ice cream + honey drizzled all over, but sometimes it's the simplest combinations that truly hit the spot. The pistachio latte tasted of cream and milk with a slight hint of pistachio flavoring. I would've preferred a little more sugar be added as the flavor was subdued.    Overall, a nice addition to the Las Vegas cafe scene.
5 This is our new coffee/dessert spot in town! Great atmosphere, very warm and cozy, free wifi, outdoor seats! Try their pistachio latte, honey toast and the green tea bingsoo!
3 Simple cafe that does it's job. coffee, pastries, etc.  There is nothing overly unique or spectacular about this place.  If you're nearby and you want a coffee this place will serve its purpose.
4 Southwest Las Vegas is probably one of the fastest growing areas in town and it's nice to see places like Serenade popping up amongst the typical suburbia chain stores/restaurants. This cute little coffee shop offers up solid coffee, desserts, honey toast (which is apparently a big deal based on other reviews?) and is complete with plentiful seating and a patio. And I love a good patio.  They're popular for the pistachio latte, a subtly nutty, creamy beverage that's perfect for non-coffee drinkers. Don't mistake that as a slam-I pound a lot of coffee, but sometimes I just want something that doesn't wind me up and the pistachio latte is perfect for that. They also offer a variety of teas (you get an entire pot for about $6-comes with one of those candle warmer things), bagels, desserts, iced beverages and more.  The service is super friendly and attentive! Once you place your order, they'll bring your beverage/food out to you and there's no confusion about that process like there is at say, another coffee shop in Boca Park that still can't seem to clarify whether or not you wait at the counter. I guess my only ding on this place was that the music was kind of loud, but a lot of people were in there studying and had headphones in so I guess it really didn't matter. It's probably quieter on their fantastic patio which I'll definitely enjoy if I'm back here in the warmer spring months.  It is pricier than your average Starbucks, but most small businesses are. You're paying for service, quality and an experience that you're not going to get anywhere else and Serenade offers all of those things!
3 New place, located in southwest Las Vegas on Rainbow. Couple pros and cons which led me to give this place 3 stars.  Pros: great renovation, good location, and the dessert was decent and the latte I ordered was tasty.  Cons: the prices are a bit high. The staff seemed somewhat lost, inexperienced, and overall not very friendly. The worst thing about this place is the overly loud annoying Korean pop music. It literally have me a headache and is mainly the reason why if I ever go back I will take everything to go instead of dining in. I think that if they want to expand their customer base to non-Korean, they should really change the music...
3 Food was great, I had a honey bread and pistachio latte and they were phenomenal! But it is extremely overpriced for what they give you! Prices will wipe you clean! Definitely not one $ at least $$! I love that they're open late though.
4 I love this place. Its relaxed, casual atmosphere and tasty drinks and dessert will have me coming back for more. I've tried their white chocolate symphony drink (think blended frappucino style drink) and the mango latte. Both were delicious. The mango latte was a surprise as the bitterness of the coffee and the tartness of the mango complemented each other in an unexpected way. The star for me though was the honey toast. It's topped with a very natural tasting vanilla icecream which slowly melts into the center of the dessert leaving the center like a custard ... yum! The outer edges were a little too dry so ended up being not eaten.   Overall, this place is great. Can't wait to go back and try some more ...
1 ..um yea. Vibe: unwelcoming and constant staring from both workers and customers... seriously... what? Tea: I feel like they took my money because I ordered a simple earl gray and they burned the leaves with boiling water. 10 minutes after recieving the pot of tea one of the workers came over and asked if i wanted the water to be hotter because it wasn't sitting on the tea candle... -_- .. really.. no thanks. Never again.
1 worst coffee ever.  horrible. . I told them coffee taste really bad but seems they don't care.
2 A lot of people seem to like this place so I decided to try it out.  There was nothing special about the drinks and it is over priced. The tea is not strong enough for my taste. I have tried the green tea in a pot and pistachios latte. I don't see what the hype is for the pistachios latte because it taste like syrup to me. I don't enjoy drinking syrup with milk.   They have desserts also such as waffles, toast and cake. I have only tried the Italian Lemon Cream Cake. I LOVE the lemon cream cake but I would only have the cake once in a while. $7 for a slice of cake? No thanks. I would rather make my own.   The environment is really nice. I think a lot of people go there to hang out and study. I feel that the seats are uncomfortable but I love the interior design. The place is nice to look. Serenade is also located in a great complex with great parking.
5 I've been here a few times since my last review. Still like it a lot. Their drinks are great and baristas are super nice. I finally got the epoxy app so now I'm able to use the virtual stamp card!   Last time I was here, it was way too hot. It's just perfect today. They had their door open so there was a nice breeze coming in. They also have blankets near the register. I use them to put over my chair so that it's more comfy :)
3 Cute but so much hype.  I've been waiting for a coffee shop like this ever since I went to Seoul three summers ago. Cute decor, well-dressed employees, good selection of drinks and desserts...How could that ever go wrong?  It's exactly the fact that Vegas is lacking in this kind of establishment that makes me not want to go to Serenade. It's hyped up (because like me, many young adults or students were excited to see such a place open up) and therefore way too crowded. I can almost never find seating, even going alone. A lot of the patrons give off unfriendly vibes as if they're better than me. It's just not very welcoming.  The employees are indeed well-dressed and look polished but they too don't seem very welcoming. The customer service is just alright but nothing that made me go, "oh I am so adding to the tip jar!" The coffee drinks are alright, albeit burnt at times and the tea is on the weak and lame side. The desserts are wayyyyy to overpriced. The waffles had a gummy texture rather than a more appetizing crispy or fluffy texture. It's just pretty.  Everything about this place is just eyecandy. It's nice to go in to check it out and look at everything but the actual service, drinks, and desserts fall short. It's also difficult to enjoy the place if you can't even sit down as well. That could be seen as a good thing for them, from a business perspective.  I like that Serenade opened though; it proves that this kind of coffee shop is very welcome in Vegas. Hopefully similar ones will open soon.
3 This place is such a hit and miss. A friend and I came here when they first opened, they were very nice it had a nice relaxed vibe and I could tell I was going to love this place. Fast forward to now, the staff seems very unfriendly and not wanting to be there, they seriously sat on the floor when I went then got up when they saw me ?? Also this place is very loud, and you cant find a seat anywhere any more, its crowded with hipsters or wanna be "kawaii" people who give you dirty looks upon entering like if you're on their turf, seriously .....  pros: are their lattes taste pretty good and their deserts are cute. seriously the whole place is just eye candy for your insta pic. cons: everything else.
4 Where was Serenade while I was in college?! Probably the only coffee shop in town open late that isn't Starbucks. The ambiance really makes the place because the drinks are just good, but nothing to run home about. They should have booths rather than the small tables and chairs. The booths would make it a better study spot and certainly more comfortable. I had the toffee caramel drink, pretty good, but they use some type of powder like the Coffee Bean does so I guess that doesn't constitute them as using "real coffee."  As others mentioned the honey toast is better than Ichiza, really delicious maybe even better than Guppy's? It is located at a odd spot of the Smith's shopping center on Rainbow and Windmill and pretty hidden. The only good thing is that you can park on the street, which is right next to them. I will be here probably to have chit chat sessions with friends since it is nice place to just chill.
3 Second time around! First time I had the serenade & honey toast: yummy with a side of attitude however lets give it another round and try the pistachio latte! It was good! So why the three stars? Omg, have you seen their prices $8.50 for a baby slice of cheesecake? Dude the Cheesecake Factory has three times the size for that much. And some of these beverages are like $8-$9! I had one of the only 'affordable' things on here: pistachio latte for $5 plus the not so happy and not so pleasant staff. The girl at the register seemed like she was getting her teeth pulled. I'm not dead set against trying a third round but we'll see. Happy eating!
5 Best coffee shop in Vegas, the barista's are very friendly and make you feel as if your business is truly appreciated.  Try the kona mocha with and added shot of espresso it's amazing! I really hope to see this place flourish because when it comes to the quality of their product and service Starbucks has nothing on them!
5 I've been coming here consistently since the place opened up. It's such a great atmosphere and place to hang with friends. I really appreciate and enjoy the amenities this place includes: wifi password written on the menu board, blankets to sit outside when it's cold, heaters outside, it's open til 2am most nights, and the waiters bring your order to you.  I wouldn't say they have the strongest coffee, but I usually end up getting their sweet lattes and desserts anyways.
5 For dessert, the honey toast and blackberry cheesecake is amazing! I really enjoy their americano and for a wholsesome taste, try the pistachio latte with soymilk. Also the serenade green grape and red grape drinks are my favorite non-coffee drinks.
5 This is an awesome neighborhood cafe!! the coffee and tea are both incredible. This is a good place to go if you are looking for real coffee and latte drinks!! The decorations throughout the coffee shop are unique and cozy. This is a great place for a coffee date or some intentional study time. The service is always friendly and respectful.
3 I'm kind of torn regarding this place, while there are some good things about it...I'm not sure if I would go back.  I tried the tiramisu, which was really good but felt a little over priced for the small skinny slice that came on the plate.  The honey toast was good and is better than the one from Ichiza, but probably not good enough that i would come here just for that.  The green tea shaved ice was actually bad in my opinion.  I have been spoiled by Snowflake Shavery, and this really was ice and ice cream with corn flakes on top =(.  As I was walking out, I realized that the coffee shop was populated with younger Asians (high school/college age)....not quite my scene anymore...ha!
5 The iced mango macchiato is SO BOMB. Strong, yet subtle mango taste--just how I like it. This place has a great ambiance for studying and socializing. Can't wait to try the pistachio latte next time!
3 Their honey toast is not very tasty. Maybe I just only like it at ichiza. Service is ehhh. The  lattes are nothing memorable.   I don't really see myself coming back
4 It's a cute little place. I love the decor and the atmosphere is pretty nice as well. I would say it's a good place to go by yourself to work or read a book, but it's also a nice little place to go to if you want to socialize with a couple friends. The working staff there are also very kind people and the overall service is pretty quick and efficient.  The very berry waffle is absolutely delicious and the kona mocha frappe is really good as well. I definitely plan on coming back to this shop more often.
4 Very chill place to enjoy a cup of coffee or tea. Love their honey toast, pistachio latte, and earl grey. Lots of people come here to study too, having late hours. They close at 2 am. There are usually just two people working so service can be a little slow if it's super busy.
5 This place is great.  I only wish they opened earlier so i could grab my morning coffee from here.  Had the honey bread and split it with my wife, it is awesome so long as you like honey.  Like nothing i have ever had before.  Cappuccino  was also solid, made by a person and not by pressing a button on a machine.  I will be back.  Great decor as well!
4 So far I have had pistachio latte and raspberry macchiato.  Both have been consistently delicious!  The staff is always polite and efficient.
4 A little disappointed that my first time here they didn't put my latte in the nice round big mug. Not exactly sure why, but when I ordered my drink they told me it was going to be in a "to-go" cup. They still did make the pretty design but the lid was on so I didn't see it until I had to add Splenda to my vanilla latte. Not as sweet as I would have liked it. I woulda just given a 3stars but the ambience and setting of the place is really nice so it gets the 4th star for the setting. I am willing to give the place another chance to redeem themselves for not putting my drink in a mug even though they clearly had mugs laid out and available. Still not sure why I got the to go cup. But on a happier note the Irish cream pie was delicious.
4 One of my best friend and I's favorite spot. The place looks very clean. It's like a social cafe type of place. Very modern looking, which I like a lot.  The service is good. They bring your order to you and they also clean the table. You don't have to put away thing. They will do it. Free Wifi and water.  The food here is good. My best friend and I have been here twice. I've ordered the popular items on the menu. We would definitely keep coming back here if we're near.
4 I was looking for gourmet iced coffee in Vegas one day. Then the name "Serenade" popped up and a song was playing in my head with a chorus..."So I serenade my song, my love for you and I"ll give you my heart and I"ll serenade for you". Yup, I was drawn here by the words.   Once inside it felt like a L.A./Orange County Asian-Style coffee shop. Modern decors, college atmosphere, but most of all the coffee menu. Yea, it felt like home here in the desert.  We always like to start with unique choices, so my wife went with their Iced Mango Macchiato. We really liked it! it had that usual espresso taste with a hint of mango flavor. It wasn't overly sweet or rich in milk, but was it balanced, refreshing and it was a better pick than my Toffee Coffee Frappuccino. Speaking of my Toffee Coffee Frap. it wasn't too bad. The overall make was better than a typical Starbucks Frap. The blend was okay "I should've asked for extra blended" for much smoother ice, but the coffee taste was light followed by the Toffee "Heath Bar" like flavor to the tip of my tongue.  This joint is located outside the city and it will "Serenade for you".
4 Afternoon with my daughter who was feeling under the weather and decided some good hot tea would be a good remedy...of course a honey toast wouldn't hurt either :) The cool Asian hipster coffee bar is a nice change from our usual Starbucks stop. Plenty of seating with power strip along window tables and walls to encourage plug ins. A small dessert display with a few tempting treats left. Menu is hand written in chalk and prices are mom & pop shop prices... $7 for a pot of tea...hmmm this better be good. Be sure to download the Epoxy app, it works as a mobile stamp card. You get 1 free after 9. My daughter ordered a pot of hot Fiji tea. It is brought out to our table in a pretty glass pot with a tea light holder. Fragrant green tea with delicate notes of papaya and pineapple. Soothing warm comfort, but a bit extravagant at $7. I wanted something cold so I got the green SerenADE. It comes in a cute bottle with a cork cap and the most refreshing drink of green grapes. Why is this drink not on more menus?? It is like drinking summer in...so light and an "ahhh" in every sip! I would definitely get this over and over again. I can't wait to try the red SerenADE made with red grapes. The honey toast was a legendary Yelp favorite that had me drooling as soon as I saw the pictures. Heck yes we were trying it!! Fluffy bread, vanilla ice cream, honey, butter...these are 4 of my favorite things. It was good...really good. Toasted cube of bread with a buttery soft center and a big scoop of vanilla ice cream with the added gooey goodness of honey drizzled all over. Yes, this was a sugar overload but my sweet tooth took over and then all that was left was a small puddle of vanilla ice cream among scraps of bread. I think my daughter managed to get some lol. We came home and both sugar crashed. My wife got jealous we went without her, especially after seeing our pictures. So like the good wife I am, I will make the sacrifice and take her this weekend :)
4 Had no idea this joint was going to be like those Korean Drama cafe' settings, but whateves... It surely does give you that vibe. I feel as if this place should belong somewhere downtown, but I am glad its not cause it gives you a sense, or just me, that its ours. Like not a tourist, or franchise thing. Its a hell of a drive coming from Henderson though, if you take surface streets that is. All the drinks and snacks to munch on are nice looking. For some reason when I was there there was a lot of black and white going on. Meaning the customers  were matching the workers color scheme. Freaky huh? Guess I will match the next time Im there. haha.    Yeah, but the place has plenty of seating in and out, but more outside though. The wooden floors are nice so is the set up and the restroom.
4 Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 20/100  Korean-owned cafes have their own unique flair - cushioned metal chairs, Asian flavored frappes (matcha green tea for example) , chicken curry/salmon croissant, cute quotes on the glass walls "Drink good coffee and read good books" (really hit the spot)  Looking back on this crazy month, I wish I set aside more time to just sit down for more quiet/catch up time like tonight. Candy R. and I arrived at the perfect time too because the sun was slowly setting behind Mountains Edge and this bold orange glow masked the whole cafe, really setting the mood for a lighthearted night. She had the pistachio frappe while I got the mint chocolate frappe. All natural flavors. I didn't quite taste the excessive sugar and artificial flavoring that I've grown all too familiar with from other places.   To top it, we also shared an 8" gorgonzola pizza with honey sauce! In my life, I've tasted quite a variety of cheese pairings but never honey. By golly was it supercalifrag. Pizza crust was (for the lack of a better description) in between a pita bread and tortilla - crispy on the edge but chewy towards the center. It certainly serenaded the beautiful view we had of the mountains. And who could complain about the free wifi, prompt service and cleanliness of the place. It was certainly almost rustic in a sense that it resonated this this vintage and very much elegant environment - wonderful for girl time and good conversations.
3 Got the iced Spanish latte, and I have tried the Pistachio latte as well.  There seems to be a lot of hype about the Pistachio latte, and yes, it is tasty.  Do I think it's something special?  Not really.  My Spanish latte was quite bland and my boyfriend said the same about his Raspberry Macchiato.  He got his hot while I got mine iced and his drink was quite smaller.  If you're choosing between iced and hot, I'd suggest you go for iced then.  The drinks are sold in "one size" and they are around 5 dollars after tax.  Pretty standard.  It's really spacious inside and there's also a ton of outdoor seating!  It was really windy outside but the outside seating was in a closed-off enough location that we didn't feel the effects of the wind; that was great.  The espresso menu was limited but had all the basics for espresso lovers.  Their tea, frap, non-coffee drinks, and dessert selections seem to be the focal point of the place.     Unlimited wi-fi and a late closing time (2 am)- perfect for studying or getting work done.  Honestly I would give my drink 2 stars because of my personal expectations for coffee shops.  I'm giving the shop 3 stars though because I can see the use of it for other purposes, such as studying or catching up with a friend over a dessert (which I didn't try) and tea.
5 This review is strictly for their amazing honey toast! I usually go to Ichiza for honey toast and thought it was just "ok" but this place made me love honey toast even more! I love it, anyone craving honey toast, this is the place to go!
5 We were looking for just a bite to eat, accidentally walled into this place.  Coffee and dessert? I'm not much of a dessert girl unless it's very fresh. Well to my surprise it was. My boyfriend ordered the Italian lemon cream and 2 macaroons and we both ordered the Spanish latte (farfree). Well Fantastic!  Everything had the just right amount of sweetness and class. Cute place . Can't wait to come back to try more...:-)
4 I came here the other night with my boyfriend to try out some of the honey bread that everyone has been raving about. Really nice environment and the staff is pretty nice. We ordered the garlic honey toast topped with vanilla ice cream and holy s*** it is amazzzing. Never had anything like it. Took a while to have it brought to us but it was worth the little 10 min wait as it was baked fresh. We had it with some honey lemon tea which was okay, had a little too much honey for me. But overall I would definitely go back here.
5 Love this place for my late night coffee fix! I'm not one for black coffee but this place changed my mind, there Ethiopia coffee is to die for. But my regular fix is the Spanish late!! Yum!!
5 As Italian cuisinier, my love for coffee, particularly Espresso, is a very passionate one.   As a child, growing up in Sicily, I fell in love with the smell of coffee.  It was EVERYWHERE.  ALL Coffee bars, at the time, roasted their own beans, and I would get waft after waft of that beautiful aroma every morning whilst walking to school.  It wasn't until when, in my 20's, I went back as an adult to further my studies that I REALLY fell in love with coffee. My favorite came from this little bar in Busseto, the town Giuseppe Verdi, my favorite opera composer, was born.  OK, I'm telling you all this so you understand where I am coming from when I boldly proclaim: The barrista at Serenade made me one of the TOP TWO espressi of my life!  I cannot put one ahead of the other, because, as my father once taught me in my inquiry of who was a better tenor, Pavarotti or Domingo: "it's unfair to compare greatness to one another".  The espresso had great viscosity, creamy on the palate, AWESOME walnut shell color foam, beautifully portioned (about .75 oz), and a flavor that took me back to the land of my ancestry.  Rare when this happens.  Thank you for being around the corner from my house.  Get's expensive to fly to Busseto for a cup of espresso!
3 Went here for a late night catch up session with my friend.  Had an iced green tea latte and honey brick toast.   The green tea latte was like any other green tea latte from anywhere else.   Honey brick toast was good, but not good enough that I wanted to finish it all.   The shop itself if very cute. Felt like I was in a K-drama with its decor and the Korean staff.   I will come back to try other things on the menu though.
4 Happy that there is location near me that serves Honey Toast. Now I don't have to go all the way to China Town to get my fix. Btw... Ask for extra Honey.
4 Great place to study or to hang out with friends. Highly recommend for college students
4 I've come to find that the cutest spots are often in unexpected places. Serenade is located in the Smith's strip mall, a couple doors down from Patty's Closet, and the signage looked like it was for a day spa, not a coffee shop, but I digress.  Onto the good stuff - I ordered the strawberry-ade which was delicious! There were little bits of strawberry pulp and the soda wasn't too sweet or too carbonated. The best part was the cute bottle it came in (I am a sucker for great packaging).  My hubby got the iced mango macchiato, which he enjoyed, but I didn't try.  Service was friendly and the environment was cool - there was a small stage in the corner, possibly for open mic night or some other entertainment (?). Great spot to grab dessert or meet a friend for coffee/tea/specialty soda.  The highlight of our visit was the honey toast. Toasted perfectly on the outside, warm on the inside. Sweet, but not overpowering, honey and creamy vanilla ice cream. Need I say more?
4 Love this place! Atmosphere,  great little hang out to meet up with friends. The coffee was yummy! The honey bread topped with ice cream was a treat. Gotta stop in to try that alone. Reminded me of Korea's coffee shops. So cute!
4 I came here because one of my friends had recommended this place to me. She said that I should try the honey toast. I have never tried honey toast before and it was amazing. The baked bread with the honey and the ice cream was a great dessert. I will say that for the size and price, it is best if you have someone to share it with.
4 yummy honey toast!!
4 Serenade is the cutest little coffee shop. I love the artwork they have on the walls, and the beautiful chandeliers give it a nice look. I come here a lot with friends for late night hangouts and sometimes I come by during the day to study and do homework. At night it's really busy and can get loud, but the atmosphere is great. The staff is always nice and serves with a smile! I always get the plain honey toast. It's the best I've had, ever!!! Some people say Ichiza is better...I tried it, and no way! The honey toast at Serenade is 10x better. Their ice cream is super yummy. I like to also get the hot black tea or hot green tea. It's cute how they serve it in a pot. And it's refillable. I've ordered the white chocolate dream and it's very creamy and tasty! This place sure is great to go to! :)  I love this quote on their window, "Chocolate, men, coffee...some things are better rich."
5 Cute little cafe with a great atmosphere. Sometimes they have entertainment which gives a great ambience. Weirdly I do love the garlic toast with ice cream. The pistachio little is delectable. Definitely live up to the height!
4 It's a lovely alternative to a Starbucks. From the decor (a modern americana influence), to the music (jazz + down tempo) and staff (friendly)- the ambiance is definitely a nice place to chill or study (they have free wifi).   They have a wide variety of beverages (caffeinated and non) and desserts. All delightful; however, on the more pricier side but support the local businesses vs. corp. coffee houses! (Yeah?)   My go too drink so far has been the pistachio frappe with a shot of espresso. Love their nades also- very refreshing.   All in all it's my go to spot to grab a cool drink. Check it out for yourself.   Ps. its on the other side of the plaza/center- opposite of Smith's.
5 Came here for a relaxing afternoon tea. They serve tea by the pot for about $6-8. It's really fun and I enjoyed my time. It's a young  crowd and they play hip music. The desserts look amazing.
3 I went here after hearing from friends how good the coffee and desserts were. I must say that this place does not live up to my expectations.   First, they are displaying coffee beans from different regions of the world. I ask the barista if I could pick the type of coffee or espresso beans and if they had any single origin beans. They basically looked at me funny and told me they only have one type. So if they only have one type, why display beans from different regions? That just doesn't make sense.   Next, they advertise that they are a coffee and dessert place. They dessert menu is super limited with only a couple different types of waffles, honey bread/toast, some kind of lemon pie, and something that looked like a strawberry short cake.   I ordered the Espresso con Panna and it was way over extracted. My friend asked if they had any sugar free drinks and they said they don't add any sugar. Not the answer she was looking for.   The only reason I give this place 3 stars is because the Cookie Monster waffle was pretty good.   Anyways, they have no business trying to portray being a high-end coffee shop charging high-end prices.
5 This cozy little place is tucked inside the Smith's shopping center area on Rainbow and Windmill. At first it was hard to find since it is located in a small corner, but the ambiance was really nice. I've never been to a place like that before and although it is quite all on the inside it seems to be the place to go to for desserts and coffee.   I am not an avid coffee drinker, but was able to try the pistachio latte which didn't have coffee in it and it was delicious.   The honey toast smells so good as they are making it and tastes even better when it comes out.   Was also able to try the Cookie Monster. This consisted of a Belgian waffle and Oreos with ice cream. This was also very yummy.   Overall the place was very nice and the food was great.
5 Maple Story Belgian Waffle:  Soft, warm waffle with hint of cinnamon.  Generous walnut and almond chunks.  Vanilla ice cream with drizzle of syrup.  It wasn't too sweet, and the balance of soft and crunchy was perfect.    Pistachio Frappe:  FAVORITE!!  I'm currently pregnant, no the fact that it's caffeine-free is icing on the cake.  Although, I'll be drinking it pregnant or not.  It's just the right amount of sweet, and has that delicious pistachio taste.  It's also really good as a hot drink.  Serenade (Red):  Fresh red grape juice!!  So refreshing, and natural tasting.  No artificial aftertaste.  Perfect for summer!!  SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE:  Basic, barista-type service.  Place your order at the cashier, and wait for your order.  It's a cute Parisian themed coffee shop run by Asians.
4 This coffee shop has always been on my list of places to study in the valley but haven't really gotten the chance to do so.  I always seem to find this place overcrowded which makes it quite difficult to grab a spot where i can catch up on schoolwork.  If you do end up going here, there's free WiFi and they're even open till two in the morning.  This joint definitely has a great ambiance with European-esque theme throughout.  There's also a small stage tucked in a corner, but I'm not entirely sure if they ever host live performances on certain days.  I've only had the pistachio latte so I can't really comment on other caffeinated beverages.  As far as the pistachio latte, nothing special unlike what everyone claims... not sure how they make their other lattes but  this one lacks espresso and seems just like hot milk with pistachio extract.  They also offer a variety of -ades which I may get to try sooner or later since I'm not much of a coffee drinker.  If it weren't for their tasty treats, I probably would've never came back to this establishment.  I really like their green tea bingsoo (shaved ice) topped with almonds, cereal and green tea ice cream.  Another knockout is their honey toast which is by far better than what I've had at Ichiza/Tea Planet.  Toasted cube of bread topped with vanilla ice cream and honey drizzled all over.  TIP: slice the bread on each corner which makes it easier to eat and doesn't let anything go to waste.  Overall, Serenade is a great place for desserts and refreshments if you ever find yourself in SW Las Vegas.
4 Was at serenade for the first time today and had a raspberry mocha. My friends had honey garlic bread and it was amazing! Nothing but positives feed back to this place. Blows Starbucks out the water for sure
5 I love the service here. They always come around and ask if we need refills on our teas. I also appreciate the live entertainment on Thursdays though I think they need more performers. Although it's a bit pricier than most tea places, it's definitely worth it. Lastly I want to recommend that everyone try their ADE drinks!
5 The pistachio latte is to die for! But if you want caffeine make sure you add a shot of espresso. Also, they have a raspberry macaroon that is quite lovely. I'm not a sweets person but this place is off the chain in everything they do. Perfect for a late night chat with the girls or a cute date for dessert.
3 I really like this place, the Spanish latte is delicious, music is a bit too loud for my taste but drinks are good
4 Nice place to go for a cup of coffee with your girls.  I ordered the rasberry mocha and my friend ordered the pistachio latte.  Both which were good.  I wouldn't say it is the best like Illy coffee or Sambalatte, but its a cool place to grab unique drinks and it is close by.  My son had the ham and cheese panini with potato chip.  I have to say it was not very good but whatever I guess.  I come here for the drinks.
2 Overpriced and lackluster in taste. The coffee isn't good and the honey brick toast is too expensive for the quantity. I tried their caffe latte, iced coffee and pistachio latte on several visits to make sure it wasn't an accident. It wasn't.  Don't fall for the hype. Not quite sure why people go here. It's frequented and staffed mainly by Koreans. If you want great coffee go to Sambalatte.
4 A cute place to grab tea or a frappe with a girl friend. Me and my friend who is also pregnant wanted something to drink, I was amazed by their lemonade drinks, " 'ades' ", cute yet modern decor,  FREE WIFI ( like a coffee house is suppose to be ), and treats. Since I'm pregnant, the lady in the front was helpful and recommended non coffee type drinks. I ended up with the minty chocolate frappe with no coffee, and my girl friend had a refreshing looking strawberry lemonade drink in a cool bottle. We both shared a honey toast treat, which was topped off with vanilla ice cream. Portion size of the dessert was good for two people. I would come back, drinks are reasonably priced. Ambience was a chill atmosphere. :-)
5 Local coffee shop with great drink options an asian dessert options. I love the ice honey lemon tea, and awesome honey toast. Awesome for me living in the southwest who thinks venturing off to china town too far.
