4 Visited on opening day with some coworkers and found it better than some of the other coffee shops in the area.  Awesome patio and all the reclaimed wood is pretty legit.  Prices seem to be what you'd expect in Old Town.
4 So glad to have an authentic coffee shop walking distance from our office! Great, open floor plan with a killer atmosphere. This will definitely be my friends and my new favorite place to head to for a coffee break. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sip!
5 I visited Sip this morning with my coworkers for the grand opening and got a soy latte. It was delicious!  The space is bright, open and inviting. The patio and indoor seating would be great for accommodating larger groups, which is not often a characteristic of small coffee shops. The staff was friendly and service was quick. We'll definitely be back to try the food & cocktails!
5 Amazing coffee, great local beer selection.  My husband and I are in town from Seattle and consider ourselves seasoned coffee drinkers who had a hard time finding good coffee in Scottsdale. Every cup was over sweetened or watered down. NOT the case at Sip.  We visited late morning otherwise we would have tried some beers- but the selection looked great if you appreciate carefully crafted, delicious brews.  If you want amazing coffee, delicious beers and a really cool vibe do yourself a favor and go to sip!!! You will not be sorry. -Seattlites in Scottsdale
5 Just found this new jewell in old town. The creativity and style make this the newest and coolest spot for a cup! Must see, owners style is so unique!
4 Super cute atmosphere and friendly service. Love the patio and that it's dog friendly! Not a huge fan of cartel coffee though.
5 Adorable coffee shop with amazing coffee! There are fresh flowers on all of the tables. You can call ahead they will have your coffee ready and waiting for you! If you love coffee or beer...maybe both then you have to check this place out! Love it! :)
5 Hot Coffee and/or Cold Beer for whatever may ail you... Well located on the corner of Scottsdale Rd & Goldwater Blvd, pop in real quick or stay awhile... Loving this place.
5 Awesome addition to Old Town. Feel is warm and welcoming. The mint tea & macchiato are very good along with their fresh pastries! A must go!
5 Beer and coffee together, how could it be better than this? Whenever I travel, I always look for independent coffee places/local brew type establishments. This was two for the price of one. Very cool decor, comfortable, staff is ridiculously friendly, but not in an overbearing way at all.   They work with Cartel Coffee, which I had earlier in the day in downtown Phoenix and I can attest to the fact that it's really good stuff, even for the coffee snobs among us.  I chose from the fairly extensive beer menu and really combined the coffee and beer idea with Cartel's coffee stout (not sure that's the exact name, but you get the point). It was a perfect way to spend a late afternoon in Scottsdale... and it's nicely tucked away from the craziness of Old Town Scottsdale.   I can't wait to come back.
5 Great new place in Old Town.  We have been waiting for a coffee shop like this.  Highly recommend.
5 Fantastic place that reminds me of Austin, Texas, in terms of décor, music, and layout.  Great coffee and beer.  Probably the coolest coffee house in Scottsdale.
5 Cartel iced coffee on tap?   Yes please, and one to go.    I had an amazing time here shortly after their grand opening. The drink menu is astounding. I immediately fell in love with the Whiskey Mule, which is a whiskey spin on a Moscow Mule. Yes please, and I wish I could get one to go but we're not in Vegas.   The owners and chef are very passionate about what they do. Many of the food items are from the chef's childhood, particularly his take on frittata and his grandmother's pie. The coffee cake is really nice too.   I dig the vibe here. Most everything is reclaimed or upcycled. It's a nice mix of non-pretentious hipster coffee shop and rustic country farmhouse.   Rich's recommendation: coffee, mixed drinks, beer, food. One of each.
5 This place is awesome!   I could not wait until something like opened. Location is perfect and very easy to find. The owners and staff are great...very friendly and passionate about what they do!  I ordered the vanilla latter which was amazing, can't wait to go back. Highly recommend this place to anyone is who is looking for a great hangout any time of the day.
5 Sip coffee & beer gets a great review from me. I went there last Sunday for the first time. Love the ambiance. Perfect for Old Town Scottsdale. I am not too picky about my coffee or mochas as long as they are hot. My wife on the other hand is super picky! I can say that she really liked it! Her cafe mocha was less sweet than other places we visit. Temperature just right, and we enjoyed the tasty blueberry muffins. I can say for sure I will be back. In fact, I brought my laptop and went back on Tuesday. An excellent place to sit and relax, do some work, and the music is good too. Just low key but modern. A great vibe for doing work and socializing with friends. I will certainly go back soon and order some food and try a beer!
5 This is a super unique and original coffee shop. I tried the mocha (hot) and it was delicious! It was not too sweet, but just right. I love the decor here too! So many different types of chairs, tables, framed art and quotes. It's wonderful. Definitely stop by and try it!
3 The coffee situation: Sip use Cartel brand coffee and have on more than one occasion served it at luke-warm temperature. An easy fix, but still not the best sign that the simplest aspect of catering to the core customer base is neglected as an afterthought. I was informed the coffee is made once a day - in the morning. Perhaps Sip should just stick with their impressive beer selection on draft and skip the 'coffee thing' altogether? The look: The vintage decor is comfy/cool. I do love the outdoor seating and the ambient lighting is just right. The food: I had a sandwich. It was two slices of grocery-store bread with a few fixings. Not too impressed. The hummus was better. In general: This is the kind of coffee shop Scottsdale has been in desperate need for far too long. Other cities (San Francisco, Portland) have established destinations like this, so its a huge deal somebody finally trying to get it right. The service is pretty good, depending on who you get. The owner (guy with beard)  is a bid snide, truth be told. Not sure he comes from a customer service background, but there are books on the subject as well as some excellent YouTube videos! . Everyone else was engaging and friendly.
5 The owners Travis and Tida and the rest of their staff have done such an amazing job on this place. I was just looking for a cool and chill place with a patio that served some craft beers but this place offers so much more. The feeling, the atmosphere, the music, the friendliness of everyone (staff and patrons) makes this place a home away from home. I just can't wait till the back patio/common area opens soon! Keep up the great work and keep those awesome drinks and craft beers coming. Wish I was a coffee drinker because I have no doubt that is amazing as well.
4 This is an interesting new place in old town Scottsdale.  A place where you can grab a coffee and read a book, meet with friends, or catch up on work.  Also a place where you can sit on the patio and enjoy a beer after work or coffee cocktails in the evening.  The beer selection is good but I felt that the coffee choices were a bit limited.  I didn't try any of the food but what everyone else ordered looked amazing and judging from the mmmmms and other praises it tasted just as amazing.
5 Love this new place - good location and very relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.  Nice patio, good music and the coffee was excellent (expected because it's Cartel coffee!) served in "real" cups.  Will be back very soon to check out the beer selection.  A new hang out place for us I think.
4 If I were asked what my style is, I would say "shabby chic"...and I have met my spirit animal: Sip Coffee. It's vintage, mismatched, old vs. new, junk yard vs. thrift shop and I couldn't be more smitten.     I love that they have a patio to sit on when it's nice in the mornings or at night and that it is actually a decently spacious area. When you walk in, you see tables set with faux flowers, the chalkboards full of coffee and beers to try (plus cheap beer flights!) and cute frames with their menu behind the counter.        I have tried both their kale salad and their frittata and enjoyed both thoroughly. I am all for the fact that they have put chickpeas, pomegranate seeds and bacon together in their salad--it's a great flavor combo!      Yesterday when I went in, I noticed a new section with pretzel bites and wraps while I hummed a long to N*Sync. Did I mention it's eclectic and has a fun, easygoing vibe? It does. It's wonderful.      To be noted: staff is friendly but not overbearing, they do "Dress Up Friday" happy hour that I think is ridiculously cute and have WiFi if you want to sit and sip away the afternoon.          I love that Sip is in my neighborhood and can't wait to be a frequent customer!
5 This place is awesome! Great food and coffee (I bet the beer's good too), great atmosphere, nice decor, good music playing. I'm lucky I stumbled upon it while visiting Scottsdale. If I lived here I'd be here everyday! And thanks for your vegan food options- you made this hungry traveling vegan very happy!! :-)
5 I have been here a couple of times with my wife for an afternoon beer.  Its a little slice of Phoenix in Old Town Scottsdale... cool vibe, down to earth staff, amazing remodel of the original building, etc.  I wish it great success!
4 Scottsdale needed this place badly - or perhaps I needed this place badly since moving from Phoenix to Scottsdale! Little dose of hipster, lovely tastes for a foodie, laid back vibe, chill employees. These are the things you find all over CenPho, but a rare breed East of 68th street. I plan on spending many weekend afternoons here drinking day beers. The decor and open layout make for a very inviting atmosphere that begs for both happy hour banter and solo study time.   The menu is small and simple, but everything looks and sounds amazing. The kale salad was light and refreshing without being overly doused in dressing. I would however recommend more chickpeas as there were only about 10 in total. My hubs loved the hummus sandwich. It came with chips and slaw, and while I typically love vinegar based cabbage slaws like this, this one was average. We both indulged in the peanut butter cookies which definitely satisfied our sweet craving. I can't wait to try that cinnamon coffee cake with a big cup of coffee soon.   The beer. Whoa. What a selection! I enjoyed a Lil Sumpin' Wild on tap which never ceases to amaze my mouth. I hope they start a loyalty punch card soon or some kind of beer club, because I'd be all over that. They do have a couple of wines by the glass, so fear not - all are welcome, including canines. The patio is dog friendly, so we of course brought our pups who loved the attention. With such a terrific concept and execution overall, I have high hopes that this place will thrive and pull in a fun crowd!
5 I am in love with this new spot in Old Town! The staff is so friendly and helpful, the beer list top notch, and the snacks are great! I have yet to try a coffee but they look amazing! Bring your pup, and enjoy their cozy patio, or bring your computer and hang in the eclectic indoor seating area!
5 I absolutely love this place and cannot wait to go back! The atmosphere is so laid back and the style is so rustic chic without being forced. The service is wonderful, everyone is so friendly, cool and helpful! Absolutely loved it!
3 Deep Sigh  I was so excited about this place from the moment I walked in. Sips is a small place, but has a great indoor/outdoor space that is dog friendly! But... it fell short on delivery.   Don't get me wrong, I'm going to give it a try again, because I'm hopeful that it was just a one-time mishap.   I don't want to get in to all the details, but we stopped in for breakfast and the experience was kind of odd.  I ordered a burrito off the menu and it when it arrived it was missing two of the main ingredients as described on the menu. When I brought it back, the guy seemed surprised that I was displeased and acted almost as if I should just deal with it.  Since these were apparently premade by Brat Haus, I ordered a breakfast sandwich instead.  It was fine.... nothing special.  I think sips  is going to be a better Happy Hour spot, since it has a nice draft selection and pizza... you can't screw up pizza right? To Be continued....
5 Very cool place with an inviting menu ( tried the kale salad which was awesome) and a nice hot espresso. It was  about 75 degrees with a breeze, so our group of 12 sat outside on the patio. Great vibe, nice and relaxed. The staff is really good, very friendly and mellow. The manager greeted all of us and went down the beer list and options with an interested patron. Good music playing with speakers outside as well.
4 Fun beer selection and not crowded. This place feels like it should be in central Phoenix, which I love!
4 Well, the chicken salad was an shining example of the overuse of tarragon without a complimentary taste to back it up and support. The green tea was excellent, though after hearing they used to loose leaf it, i was disappointing not to get it served that way or offered as an option. The coffee was good and makes for a better place to go to than the other coffee places in the area. Beautiful patio!
5 Stellar combination of craft beer taps and coffee house offerings, with a mellow atmosphere that hits the sport for consuming from either end of the spectrum, or both together in my case.  Pretzel was moist and chewy, though the accompaniments were undersized in portion I thought.  Prices are within normal range.  Parking was minimal in the lot, but ample parking on Bishop during the daytime.   Hope they expand to a larger range of food options, even if some are low-prep options.  Just more choices in general for food are needed, I think.
5 We stopped in for a quick drink and were pleasantly surprised by the great selection and friendly staff. They are hip, but not hipsters! They have a great selection of craft beer and coffee. You can build your own flight of beer samples for $1.50/ea if you feel like trying a few new things. They also have a keg of cold press coffee! The manager is a nice guy who knows his beer and coffee. Highly recommended.
4 Sip was a really sweet spot and I think I was able to try all aspects of it. I started with just getting an espresso and taking in the cool vibe of the place. It's got both indoor an outdoor seating although it was definitely too hot to be out there. They have table, bar, and couch seating.   The espresso was good but as the day went on I realized they offer flights of beer. So I decided to try three of them. When I was talking to the guy at the bar, though, he really didn't know much about them. So I just tried 3 random ones and wasn't disappointed.  After the beers, I felt like I needed some food, so I got one of Sip's homemade soft-pretzel. It was amazing. It comes with either mustard or cheese and the mustard was great. It was the perfect snack with either coffee or beer.  I can see how sip can easily transition from place to work into a place to drink. This is a great little local spot for either of your caffeine or alcohol fixes.
5 Surprised by the breakfast menu in a good way!  The breakfast sandwich was sooooo good! Scrambled eggs seem fresh and just made. The everything bagel was soft somehow, not like any bagel shop I've been to. And there's fresh arugula on the sandwich. I forgot how much I like arugula! And what can I saw about the fritata with bacon and a sauce that's spicy and perfect. I'll just quote my picky wife, "oh..! This is the best fritata I've ever had!"
4 Very cool place.  Nice craft beer selection and their lemonade is great.
5 Awesome beer selection.  Cartel American Pale Ale tasted great!  19 drafts with a great happy hour.  They have their own version of a Moscow Mule that is on the happy hour menu.  My wife and I shared the Bruschetta for only $5!! This place is awesome, I would recommend stopping in for a coffee at 8am or for an awesome drink.
5 Love this place! The staff is always friendly and they have great  beers on tap. Can't ask for much more! They serve cartel coffee and beer, btw! We had the bruschetta, but would loved to try more food, just had dinner afterwards planned. Definitely stop by this place!
5 Love, love, love this (not so) little coffee shop!  If you are walking South on Scottsdale Road and looking for a cool place to just "hang" a bit, keep walking until you get to SIP (at the corner of Goldwater and Scottsdale Roads).  I love it for so many reasons, mostly because it is cool, but not modern, and hip, but not hipster.  The Staff is friendly and genuine.  And to be very frank, I was completely surprised that I loved the Iced Cartel Americano.  OK, I 've had Americano at Cartel, and I SWEAR it doesn't taste nearly as good!  And the vibe is much, much better.  It's "homier" than the "I'm-so-creative-I-don't-even-have-an-office" coffee shop crowd.  And I love that I can bring my dog!  :-)
2 Oh Sip, why must you let me down so?  I went to this place four different times, trying beer and coffee and snacks. I'll try to keep this short:  Pros: -Cool aesthetic  -Cool concept  Cons: -Service. Consistently poor here. It's odd. There is no sense of urgency from any employee, and while I like the laid back style, at some point it shouldn't take 10 minutes for an iced coffee to be prepared, with no line ahead of you. On each and every visit, it was just a shit-show of service. On two occasions, and owner was sitting at the bar, either talking to friends, or another time a vendor. As the line grew from one customer, to four, finally the owner got up and started helping his employee, who was clearly in the weeds. Listen, I get that you have to order stuff, and take care of the business side, but if you ignore the paying customers who are right there- then soon you won't have a need for vendors. I say that with all due respect, and I hope the advice is heeded.  -Products, so the iced vanilla latte (three of them) never had any vanilla flavor that I could detect. All three occasions I couldn't detect any vanilla, and while I don't need to be clubbed over the head with flavor- a hint would be nice. I had some coffee cake which was super dry, to the extent that it should be served with a red flag warning. I tried to order pizza one time, but then saw the person in back lean into a freezer to pull some component out to heat and serve. I quickly cancelled that order- if you can't do fresh- don't bother.  In closing- I want this place to succeed- the Dale needs indie places, but they MUST start paying attention to detail. If they don't do that, and get a sense of urgency- this place will close, and all their hard work will be for nada.
2 Atmosphere is pretty nice (a mix between hipster loft and Scottsdale club). Beer selection is decent (better than the average restaurant). Food, however, was very disappointing. I am just glad we were there during happy hour and only paid $7 for our clearly frozen (digiorno) pizza.
5 Sip Coffee & Beer House is truly a hidden gem at the edge of Old Town, and such a relaxing escape! The acoustics inside are fantastic; you can vibe to the varied selection of music they play overhead, while still being able to hold a conversation with the people around you. The decorations are eclectic, and much of the furniture appears to be from the 70s, but it holds up the atmosphere as a comfortable zone to gather with friends. The coffee is fresh and delicious and they have an incredible selection of beers and wines on tap! The baristas are incredibly nice and social as well. I can't emphasis enough how great of a spot this place is, and would recommend it over even Cartel as a place to grab a caffeinated or alcoholic beverage and chill out!
5 This is the absolute best bar and coffee shop in Scottsdale:) I love it and am here way too much;) best drinks and coffee!!!;)
5 I will take a stand here.    If anyone should be so idiotic as to post negative here. It is safe come on down shortly thereafter, because they won't be back and you are going to be stoked that you have chosen so well. I may never give 5 stars again RL
5 Great place! Adorable inside. Spoke to the owner for a while- super friendly. Food was great and the coffee was excellent. The pork belly and waffle sandwich was tasty! Def will be back!
