5 This is a new location for Zia's on South Mill and Southern in Tempe AZ. The store is about 10,000 Square feet. There is a vast amount of music all used and new mixed. I found a few treasures that I was looking for and some surprises as well. I spent about 80 dollars and came out with a large amount of stuff. The sales staff there is very nice and always willing to help. Very upbeat atmosphere. The cashier that checked me out was really cool, and treated me like I was an old friend. It's closer to home and I will be returning on a regular basis.
1 Boooo!!!  Shop around on CD trade-ins.  I was just offered only $31 on over 300 CD's. Same lot, Bookman's just gave me $80 in credit for 40 CD's.  F.Y.E. also offer a better offer, $0.75-$1.00 per CD vs. Zia offer of $0.10 a CD.
5 Zia has been and always will be my go-to place for movies, weird knickknacks and music. The new location is a complete upgrade as it's located where the old Pets Inc. was at back in the day. It's spacious, clean and easy to lose track of time in. I'm glad to see the shopping center is looking more lively due to the addition of this local gem. The staff was really cool and friendly, as they always are - and there were less creepers in the store due to the better location. Thumbs up!
5 Wow, came in to check the new location out and it didn't disappoint! The hubby is always looking for hard to find records and books and he almost always finds em here! This location was very organized, staff seemed on top of putting everything back to where it belonged and they were very helpful and knowledgable as well! we liked how the sections were nice separated and not bunched together like it was at the other location in Tempe.   Love the knick knacks they sold at the ends of the book shelves and love how they have a kid section for kid books. Will definitely be coming back!
5 Immaculate service. I had a somewhat oddball cd request that, while they had in stock, was not in it's proper place. The guy helping me searched high and low, was really friendly and outgoing, and even enlisted the help of other employees. He made it feel like I was the only employee in the store, and like finding this cd was his life goal, it was wonderful. After, sadly, not being able to locate it he made some calls and arranged to have his friend stop by the Chandler location and bring their copy of the cd over to this store. Dang. Color me impressed.
5 Wow. Zia Record Exchange really has their heart in Customer Service.  I was looking for a Blu-Ray of the final season of Dexter for Dude's Christmas gift.  The location in Chandler was completely out, and an employee there told me to hit up the Mill store.   I called before heading out to Tempe, and turns out they did indeed have a copy. The gal was nice enough to offer to put it on hold for me as it was the last one.   As a couple, we don't go over-the-top with junk (oh yeah, I went there) no one truly needs . . . Think gift limits, experiences over buying crap, etc. etc.  So that smile on his face was priceless.   Thanks for making it a great Christmas at our house, Zia!
5 I haven't actually been in this Zia-- but I called to see if they had a used copy of the Star Wars saga. They didn't, but Patrick went above and beyond the call of duty to help me get my hands on those movies. The customer service over the phone is enough to make me want to take my ENTIRE tax return over to this location.
4 Went in for record store day. Lots of people, lots of merchandise to look at. Big store! Would highly recommend for anyone interested in records/music in general. Fair prices too, some cheaper than walmart! Lost a star for smell of the place.
5 Great deals on all CDs DVDs.  Look here first before shopping anywhere else. Collectables.
