5 she does great work, I have had sooo many compliments on my lashes.
5 Collette is awesome- I have had my lashes done by several people over many years and I have to say that she offers an excellent service at a very fair price. When my lashes "shed" there is never any pulling out of my natural lashes, and my natural lashes are not being damaged which is not the case with people I have gone to before and paid a LOT of money to! Excellent product + responsible business woman + fair price = happy client!
5 Collette is amazing. She's such a great person and does a great job on lashes. I constantly get compliments on my lashes. I've never been so happy waking up in the morning and looking in the mirror. I'm a busy mom with two little ones and this service has saved me so much time getting ready for work. Thank you Collette I'm so happy.
5 Collette did an awesome job on my lashes. I've seen so may eyelash extensions on people that just don't look natural. My lashes look long and natural and I've gotten many compliments on them. I highly recommend her.
5 Collette does an awesome job!  I'm new to Las Vegas and it's always a challenge to find new places when relocating,  I used Yelp to find Collette and couldn't be happier!  Call Collette ... You will not be disappointed.
5 I absolutely love coming here and will never go anywhere else. Collette knows her stuff.  It's crazy  how many complements I get about my lashes. I use to get panic attacks in the past and figured it just wasn't for me. Luckily I was referred to Collette where from day 1 never had that problem. She is positive and  I love love her energy along with her fabulous work.  You can't beat the prices either. I recommend to everyone!!!
5 Love collette. She's amazing. I always get tons of compliments on my lashes. Thank you so much.
5 Loved Collette the first time i went to her. She's my one and only eye lash artist. Had no experience with eyelash extensions before her but i've seen other peoples work and it's no comparison. I get complemented all the time on the work she's done. Spend less time getting ready in the morning and more time sleeping in, because i wake up with gorgeous lashes. i'm more confident walking out barefaced now a days thanks to her:) i highly recommend her. she's great!
5 I had a really bad experience with someone that did lashes from home...  After going to Collette, I would never go anywhere else again.  She knows her stuff and does an absolutely beautiful job!!!  She explains in detail, before as well as after....SHE ROCKS!!!
5 I recently found Collette (on Yelp no less!) after searching high and low, and having some rather painful, damaging experiences after the loss of my lash girl; needless to say I was SUPER gun shy with attempting to trust one more person to do my extensions. But my faith has been restored and I am very happy with Collette. She does an amazing job and is very efficient with the time she spends with you. She has a great personality (which I have find speaks volumes when you are seeing this person almost more than you are seeing close friends and spending an hour or so of your time when you do). Collette use to have her own business in Lake Havasu before trading the life of lake and sun for the desert of Las Vegas. She tries very hard to be flexible with people, so if you schedule and need to reschedule or something, she's pretty flexible in trying to get you in at another time that is equally suited to both Lash Goddess and Clientess. I have inquired about doing colors with her and hopefully we will get to try those soon. Pros: Friendly Moderately priced Flexible Professional Great Personality Efficient and timely (I haven't had to wait an extra amount of time when arriving for appointments, she books her time well)  Cons: She is not at my beckon call if I can't make the original appointment I made She hasn't started charging No-Shows a fee for not showing up yet (this kinda bums me out cause I could have gotten in sooner recently if the person would have just let her know she couldn't  make it/something came up)  I highly recommend Collette to anyone who compliments me on my eyelashes :-)
5 I found Collette through Groupon and after looking her up on yelp, I decided to try it. This was my first time getting extensions and lets just say that I wasn't the ideal customer. My eyes kept watering and I had to use the rest room half way through. Collette was extremely patient with me and extremely friendly throughout! My eyelashes turned out amazing and I would definitely recommend her :)
