5 I love this place! I got s groupon to try it and loved right away! I feel great afterward. I tried hot yoga and that was not for me. If you want fast fun work out this is it! Trainers are so welcoming, fun and helpful! Normally I try to work out at home and hate gyms but I love kicking is so much fun! Just a few times and I feel better and more energetic!!
5 The Newest ILoveKickboxing.com to the Vegas area!!! An awesome gym!
5 I joined online only 3 weeks ago just to see if I liked it, or if I would be able to "keep up"  .. I must say, I love it! It has become my newest obsession! My husband was so impressed that he joined too!!! The trainers are wonderful, they push you and help you bring out your best. I am in love with my new energy and how my body is responding!
5 I am so glad my sister-in-law made me sign up! I have gone two days and love the feeling after each class! The staff are all friendly and push you hard to ensure your getting the max of your work outs!  I love how it is a great way to lose weight and relieve stress!  I signed for the unlimited membership and have no regrets doing it! I cannot wait to get into a scheduled routine of going hopefully 3-4 days a week!  Now working on getting my friends to join!! =)
5 Such an amazing place to be a part of. They treat you like family, encourage you when you need it the most and never let you give up on your goals. It's more than just a workout here.
5 I've never been the type to love working out, and to go to the gym. It seems like I've tried every diet out there to try and loose weight and get motivated to get to the gym but I NEVER COULD! I heard about ilovekicking through a friend and decided to try it out thinking what do i have to loose for 3 class for 19.99 and FREE gloves!!??! Well after just 1 hour of my first class i was HOOKED! No joke after years of trying classes at the gym and different routines, i fell in LOVE! There is always an instructor there to push and tell you can kick and punch that bag one more time before the bell rings! its a great full body workout and feeling every muscle ache the next morning is the best painful feeling you can get! I've been to 4 classes now and i can actually feel a muscle in my arm, and the toning beginning! Im hooked and so glad i took the chance to try ilovekickboxing and found my new workout home!!
5 This place is my new addiction. The whole staff is friendly and encouraging. The workout is always different and challenging but you never feel like you can't accomplish the moves.
5 The best work out of your life, every class is different, the instructors are amazing! If you're looking for the best work out look no more and join ilovekickboxing now!!!
5 I love this place!  This is the best, most complete workout I have had in years.  First off, the staff (Rissa, Frankie and Diana "D") are all super friendly and make you feel welcome the minute you enter the gym.  Everyone always has a smile on their face and their energy and enthusiasm makes working out fun.  A typical class consists of an intense cardio warm-up, stretching, 7 rounds of kick boxing, some fun form of final exercise (abs, wall sits, planks) followed by more stretching.  The best part is that while the format is usually the same, every workout is different.  I have been coming for three months and have never done the same thing twice.  Every instructor puts their own twist on the 60 minute class but one thing is certain, at the end, you will be tired, sweaty and you will know you worked out hard.  Also, something that is atypical for gyms in Las Vegas, there is no "gym attitude" at I Love Kickboxing.  This is not a meat market or overpriced gym with stuff you do not need.  This is an affordable, simple workout that will challenge you, energize you and make you want to come back again and again.  You owe it to yourself to take a class here and see it for yourself.  Trust me, you will be hooked!
1 The cardio kickboxing program is great... But don't try to cancel.  If your experience is like mine you will be given erroneous information over the phone, treated rudely and unprofessionally by a very snotty and dismissive woman who will keep you, your wife, and your 3 1/2 year old daughter waiting for  well over an hour opting to ignore me in order to engage in a conversation trying to get two ladies to sign up .... For over an hour even though my issue would take literally two minutes to resolve.  When I told her that I was upset and even pissed off that she completely ignored me and kept my family waiting she began yelling loudly, threw the cancellation paper and pen on the floor -  and began to raise her voice even more at me about respecting her!  She was rude, classless, and totally unprofessional.  It seemed like she was doing this on purpose maybe hoping I would just leave with my family and pay yet another month at a gym I am not using.  She clearly had no respect for me or my family.   For these reasons I'd have to say Go Somewhere else.... this place was like a cult when you try to leave!
5 If you're thinking about trying a class, JUST DO IT! I Love Kickboxing has exceeded my expectations! The instructors are VERY encouraging and the atmosphere is friendly and fun. There is not a specific "type" of person who works out here, everybody is a different shape and size. The instructors do a fantastic job at keeping the workouts convenient for all fitness levels.  My body has become noticeably stronger after only 4 classes. During class #1, I had a hard time doing 1 push-up (yes, O-N-E!!!!). By my 4th class, I was doing push-ups without hesitation. And don't even get me started on my kicks...(in a good way)!  Never in a million years, did I think i'd love kickboxing so much. The classes at I Love Kickboxing really teach you what you're made of and leave you wanting more, all while feeling accomplished and proud of yourself!
5 Best choice I ever made!!! Trainers are dedicated to seeing you get results as well as learning.... I get a new experience everyday I come in and it is really addicting...  If you are looking for an action packed ass kicking workout this is your new home:) Try it I promise you will be amazed..
