5 Great food..had their fish cake and Pad Thai and pad see ew..for the pad thai they got work to do and pad see ew it's the bomb! It seems they know what they are doing as far as how they flavor their food they have great balance ..I also ordered spicy catfish togo  I'm looking forward to eating more dishes here plus its right by my house
3 I've finally got my appetite back after being hungover and sleeping all day! Hunnie Bunnie and I are hongray and she picked Thai - this is a new spot in the 'hood so here we are.  I've ordered Tom-Yum-Kai, Chicken Panang, Thai Fried Rice and a side of sticky rice. Was gonna start with some of Hunnie Bunnies favorite Edamame but they no longer serve it even though its still on the menu.  We are the only people in here at 7pm on a Tuesday evening. We choose a booth - the spacing of these is weird. There is too much room from the booth to the table and you have to sit forward to reach the table.     Anyway! On to the food!      The Panang was nice and sweet and creamy and delish! This is one of my favorite dishes.  The Thai Fried rice was your typical fried rice, no bells and whistles here but HB and I liked it.  The Tom Yum Kai was limey and good. There was cilantro, tomatoes, green onion, red onion and chicken... The chicken was plentiful and so were the onions - too many onions for me personally. The mushrooms were good and the soup flavor was good.  The sticky rice was aiight. It seemed kind of old, like resteamed or something but HB liked it.   Funny, I could hear the employees talking about Yelp! I think it was the owner and he asked me if i had just posted these pictures. LOL.  Anyway for the most part err'thang was good!
2 Very disappointed.  I was looking forward to a Thai place opening up so close to my house BUT the food was a disappointment.  I got the lunch special and the fried tofu was good but the salad had no dressing on it.  The Thai fried rice had no flavor but the curry was decent.  Not the best but not the worst either.    I also got the pad kee mow...I believe they called it something else.  The noodles were over done. I ordered a 10 and it was a 2 and there was like maybe 2 leaves of the Thai basil in it.  No seasoning and I love pad kee mow because of the flavor of the basil and I could not taste it at all.  And for that price the portion size was TINY.   I might try them one more time to see if they improve but with Archi's around the corner, probably not.
4 Authentic Thai taste. Great pad see ew, chicken satay, tom yum noodle soup.  Go there for the food!  Ambience not there yet. Owner says been open just 10 days.   Thus not well decorated.  Will come back to try lunch menu and many other dishes yet to try.
5 I'm so happy that there is a thai place close to my house. I went in and tried the pad see ew and it was delicious. Good amount of flavor with lots of chicken. I will definitely be back.
4 I always get the Pad Thai which is excellent. Service is always good, owner is nice, portion sizes are large and it's an overall good lunch place.  Lunch mates usually get spicy dishes which are both traditional and delicious. Spicy dishes are as hot as they should be.  Service speed is pretty good for making a quick lunch trip and delivery is really convenient.
4 Great lunch specials. I'm always a little nervous about ordering Thai food and it being too hot. After talking to the waiter he suggested a "3" and it was perfect!   Will be back.
5 I had the duck with broccoli and it was excellent. The fried I've cream for dessert was really good too. The prices were good and all in all I enjoyed my lunch.
2 Never again will we come back to Ruen Thai.    After a group of us decided to try out this Thai spot, we dropped by during lunch time on a Thursday.  It was only us and another table of one. The lunch special came with a bowl of soup and an eggroll/wonton.  Oh, and white rice/fried rice.  I ordered the spicy basil with chicken.  Since it was ground chicken, I was ok with it. However, my team ordered pad thai w/chicken, kung pao chicken, and another chicken dish.  They all came to the agreement that the chicken was weird.  It was kind of rubbery.  It's as if it has been boiled days before and now being used.   No one ate the chicken that came with their entrée.  Nonetheless, we will not be coming back.
2 I feel a bit bad for writing this review, but after our family spent $60 on food that was not up to par with our expectations of Thai cuisine, I had to do it.  The combination fried rice tasted like nothing but soy sauce!  Even though it had all the other ingredients in there (egg, shrimp, veggies), the soy sauce overpowered the everything else.  We order the Tom Kha Gai without any spice; it tasted so sour and bitter we had to tell the waiter that it was inedible.  He took it away and the chef remade the soup, which was edible after that but still did not taste as great as Pin Kaow's, Archi's, or Kung Fu.  The chef then comes out and says he "accidentally" put in an "orange lemon," aka a grapefruit.  How you can accidentally switch a YELLOW lemon and a ORANGE grapefruit is beyond me.  Unfortunately, my dad and stepmom said the first batch of bitter soup lingered in their mouths and made it hard to enjoy the other food.  The only think I liked was the Pumpkin Curry.  It was still a bit too spicy for me even though I said I wanted a spice level of 2/10, but that may be because the bitter Tom Kha Gai taste also lingered in my mouth.  We ended up going next door to Perfect Scoop and getting ice cream to clean out the taste of the bitter soup.  The service?  I could tell the girl who worked there was new; I asked her if the menu had a list of drinks and she didn't know until I found the drinks section myself.    I am going to stop writing here because I already feel bad for pointing out the things above.  I do think the restaurant is spacious and clean and has nice lighting.  I hope they improve their food soon though.
5 I've been a regular at this place since the grand opening and every time I come here the food seems to an improvement over the previous time I've come. Which is impressive since I thought this place was great to begin with.  I love the spicy basil rice! The perfect blend of flavors and spice, mix in some jalapeños and you got yourself a phenomenal meal.  Normally I get super snobby when it comes to cheesy bread sticks, sushi, wonton soup and Tom Yum soup, and I can safely say the Tom Yum is rock solid.  The service has been speedy and friendly every time I come here. They have affordable lunch specials and my coworkers and I always take advantage of it.  No, this is NOT archi's or pin kaow, archi's is not pin kaow and pin kaow is not archi's. This is Ruen Thai, and it's damn good.  Colored me confused, I see a lot of mixed reviews on this place but if you are in the area check this place out and decide for yourself.   Oh, and they have a free thai iced tea with a checkin, can't go wrong with that.
2 Archi's and Pin Kaow are easily superior and you get a lot more food with those two as well.  Staff wasn't knowledgeable about food either.
4 Had my first sit in at ruen Thai with my parents and I must say that it was pretty good. I'm always sketchy to go into places where I don't see a lot of foot traffic going in and out but looks are deceiving. And the prices weren't bad at all! Definitely will be going back :D
4 Great Thai food at a decent price...dine in seems modest and quiet, but I always call it in and pickup since it's so close to home. Massaman, duck curry and pineapple fried rice are my favorites from here
1 Placed an order to-go. Ordered appetizer sampler which weren't bad except for the cook missed two items and put something else other than what's described on the menu. Pad Thai was horrible.. It's really hard to find bad Pad Thai since it is such simple dish! This place had that noodle so dried and it did not have no taste! I mean.. no taste! :/ Last, I ordered papaya salad with salted crab and that was horrible! It tasted so fishy which made me think the crab might have gone bad! It instantly gave me stomach ache... Pad Thai and papaya salad are my favorite Thai foods and never fail when I order them from anywhere.... I felt like I just threw my $27 in the trash. My boyfriend had to open canned chili after a couple of bites because of how bad it was... Strongly suggest not to spend money on this place
5 We've been here several times and like the food. .. Today we came for the beef Jerky and some hot wings and meet the owner. He's a great guy and he has a great restaurant. We would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5 Delicious food great environment! Service was great. We regularly get cashew chicken, red curry, yellow curry, and pad Thai. All delicious!
4 Good pad Thai... Lacking more noodles in the dish but otherwise a good lunch option. Free iced Thai coffee with my review. I would come here again for lunch.
4 This place is really good, but the reasons why people don't like it can be validated.  They are very rustic in their style of cooking, which gives it authenticity and I enjoy that.  The set back with that is that, it is not consistent.  Sometimes it's spicier than other times, or the texture is different, or there's a different amount of meat/seafood in the food.    It's a part of the charm though. C'est la vie!
3 Fast service! Okay food, but I will order from them again if I'm super hungry for thai food
1 Tried to order from here using Grubhub. After not receiving a confirmation from the restaurant regarding my order, I called Grubhub to confirm. They were unable to reach the restaurant via phone or fax and suspect that the restaurant is shutdown.  So BEWARE when ordering online.
