3 I have been here twice and both times it was wonderful- mani, pedi, and massage.   The ambiance is gorgeous- there are soft chairs, a fish tank, and wonderful music playing.   There is an entire table of lotion scents to choose from. I had a chocolate massage with my pedicure. They used new basin for every pedicure- very sanitary.    I appreciate that the receptionist was American and spoke English- I didn't question whether or not she understood what I said when I was booking my appointment.  Positives: great ambiance, clean conditions, great end product.  Negatives: it's a little pricey and you do get nickled and dimed for extras.
5 are there more nails spas like this and i just don't know about them, or are people just settling for the place closest to home? i was searching and searching for a place like scottsdale hand & foot spa for luxerious, relaxing, clean pedicures, and i FINALLY found this place.  what i love about this salon is that they don't have the typical pedicure chairs that are often unsanitary. instead, they have beautiful cushioned bench seats with individual sinks for each customer. don't worry though, each seat has an individual massage pillow if you so desire to turn it on. i'd be satisfied with just that, but in addition to the beautiful seats and atmosphere they put rose petals in the pedicure bath! these pedicures are awesome, and the price for a regular pedicure is quite moderate for what you get.  i also discovered gel manicures thanks to this place. these are not artificial nails. it's a gel layer they paint on top of your natural nail. these babies last at least two weeks, and they look amazing. i get tons of compliments.  definitely check this place out, but i'd recommend booking an appointment rather than just walking in... especially on saturdays. they are closed sundays fyi.
5 I've been on a quest over the last several years, to find a place for pedis/manis/artificial nails that I actually LOVE going to, where I could have artificial nails done that DON'T lift! My search is over.  In December, I went in for a pedicure. The seats are these great, long cushioned benches, with each place set with a back message should you wish to turn it on. The pedicure tubs are really lovely, and they use removable tubs for each one. They are filled with warm water that's infused with lemon or orange peels. They have a vast selection of lotions for your mani/pedi, including all your favorite spa scents. I had a gal named Uueyn (Pronounced Wynn), and I've been going to her ever since!  Lesley's review about the ambiance is spot on. I love that I am able to have a reprieve from the Top 40 for an hour, and listen to calming classical on a softer volume. The owner and her husband are there a lot, as she does nails too. Both really kind and helpful people.  My mother and I both get gel nails, I get tips, and my mom gets the overlay. She's been having them done by Uueyn for a year, and she's NEVER had a chip, lift, crack, or break, and she's definitely not kind to her hands. I have the same experience, but with a shorter track record.   I would recommend making appointments, as walk-in can be hit or miss. The prices aren't any higher than other salons in the area for equivalent quality, and seem to actually be lower.   I have recommended Uueyn and Scottsdale Hand Foot Spa to my friends, and all that have tried it, absolutely love it!
3 My first visit was very positive. I had a very relaxing pedicure with a great foot and lower leg massage by Tracy. I love the cleanliness and sanitary practices used with tools and the foot bath. I did find the seating uncomfortable which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars and that they offer no beverages like more expensive spas will do. I am also concerned with the fruit and rose petals they have in the foot-bath. The fruit looks like yesterdays bar garnishes recycled from glasses to the foot tub. Eewwwwe I hope not!   However they offer a lot of nail colors and gel nail options. I did not get approached at spending anymore money than the $20 Tuesday pedi special but I did buy a anklet and tip so I spent roughly $30.  Still I would go here again.
3 This place definitely stands out from the rest when you first walk in because of the clean, new, fresh design.  I've been here twice for pedicures.  They put fruit and flower petals in your foot bath.  It's certainly a nice touch, however I kinda missed having the jets.  They place plastic foot baths covered with trash bags inside their beautiful sink pedicure setup to keep things more sanitary.  I guess I can't argue the approach, but I really missed the foot massage a normal pedi chair has.  Both times I went the gal that helped me out was very nice and accommodating.  I hate to say it though, my french pedicure  was sub par.  The second time I went my toes chipped a couple days after I had them done.  I love the setup but I've absolutely had better pedicures elsewhere.
1 When you arrive this spa LOOKS beautiful and I was excited to have my Pedi and gel manicure. I was assigned to Jenny and had the worst pedicure ever!!!! When I questioned her on why she BARELY scrubbed the bottom on my feet  ( literally one swipe across on each foot) she said my feet were fine. She did an ok job on my gel manicue. Jenny was rude and when we were done never said thank you  or waited for me to thank her, just went to her next client. I am used to any spa offering you something to drink like water but no offer of anything. I would never go back and will be looking tomorrow for another spa to redo my pedicure.
4 Today I went here and got a gel mani and got them done by Jean. She spent a lot of time making sure that they looked great! The  I had been here once before and whoever had done my nails didn't do such a great job, but everyone says they are the best so I decided to give them a second chance. I am very satisfied with how my nails look and will definetly be going back and requesting Jean!
2 Hmm...what a bummer.  I've continued to use this salon but are finding that some of the women working here are a little...hmm...just not as friendly as other salons...and they'd rather do what they want instead of what you want.  At least, this has become my experience.  If you want gels soaked off instead of ground off with that hot tool, that might be a problem for a couple of them.  Wow.  Grinding the nails is not good for them!  I don't care WHAT they say.  My nails are like paper now.  I'd rather go someplace else that won't give me a hard time for what I'd like instead of caving in to what's easier for them. They tell you that they use a protective gel layer and never grind beyond that...but ever since I let them remove my gels with the grinding tool, my nails have been in their worst condition ever.  They break, they peel, they have the consistency of paper.  I'll get my gels elsewhere if I have to.    A total bummer...I really liked this place at first.
5 I LOVE this place. I have been coming here for a few years now for pedicures and while I'm not a frequent visitor, every time I come I have a great experience. I agree with other reviewers that Jean is just awesome at doing pedicures. I love this place because it is clean and sanitary and the staff are always friendly and do a good job. The prices are pretty much the same as the (lesser) competition in the neighborhood so it's a no-brainer for me. I wouldn't go anywhere else anymore for my pedicures.
5 This is definitely my go to place.  Where else do you get a hot stone massage included with your pedi?  For some magical reason my pedicures seem to last much longer when I go here too!  I've also gotten my eyebrows waxed here and been happy with the job.  Very Clean and beautiful decor...looks really expensive but the prices are very reasonable.  Bring Cash (it's their preference)
5 I have been frequenting this Salon for years! Lee and her wonderful staff always take great care of me. The salon is always clean and the tools sanitary. The receptionists do a wonderful job of fitting me in on short notice or when I need a repair. Lee is an amazing artist with amazing creativity in her designs. I have not been disappointed. It is a pleasure to relax for at least an hour all the while knowing that my nails will look amazing when I head back to my daily activities.
5 Best nail place in Scottsdale! Super sanitary, they use liners in their pedicure stations that they throw away after each use and everything is cleaned extremely thoroughly. Employees always wear gloves too. They are extremely efficient and actually stick to scheduled appointments. Call ahead and schedule because they cannot always accommodate walk-ins. Lynn is my favorite technician but they are all very friendly and skilled.
5 This is my fav place to go for a pedicure. The prices are fair, and most of the people there are nice. Love the decor and ambiance. They practice really good sanitation, maybe too good, I wish they didn't wear gloves the whole time, the texture is weird and then I feel like I'm the one with cudies. Be sure to call ahead and schedule an appointment, every time I go there they are packed.
5 I have been going to Scottsdale Hand and Foot Spa for all you nail services (manis/pedis) and waxing, since moving into the area. The Pedis and Manis are the best! You get the best in every area: cleanliness, the hot stone therapy, the hot towels, and especially the massage!!!   This nail salon specializes in gel nails: They use high quality gel nail products, so my regular gel manicure and traditional liquid gel ( I got both) from this salon have lasted for weeks! And MOST importantly, the prices are reasonable!    I started with regular gel manicure many years back, and liked them the first few days, but after that, I didn't like how they looked lackluster. I def don't have that problem here! I LOVE my liquid gel manicured nails because nowadays because the quality work lasts for weeks!  I am a regular customer at Scottsdale Hand &Foot Spa and I would highly recommend liquid gel. People who know, Go Gel!!!
5 Wonderful costumer service! Had an appointment and they were able to start our spa experience immediately!! :) The specialist was very kind and helpful, we will be back again!
5 Love this nail salon! I get gel nails and pedicures here and both services are absolutely wonderful. My gel manicure lasts for at least 3 weeks, no chipping, breaking, etc, and I work in the restaurant industry so I am constantly washing my hands and it still lasts! Definitely worth the money! The pedicures are also amazing, rose petals and lemon slices in the water where your feet are soaking, hot stones and great massages as well, its so relaxing! The staff is very friendly, always willing to go above and beyond to treat their customers wonderfully! Highly recommended!!
5 Love this salon for my weekly manicures and monthly pedicures.  I was nervous when Lee sold the salon, but Denny has done a top notch job making each customer feel special.  I would highly recommend trying this salon out.
5 Love this nail salon! I get gel nails and pedicures here and both services are absolutely wonderful. My gel manicure lasts for at least 3 weeks, no chipping, breaking, etc, and I work in the restaurant industry so I am constantly washing my hands and it still lasts! Definitely worth the money! The pedicures are also amazing, rose petals and lemon slices in the water where your feet are soaking, hot stones and great massages as well, its so relaxing! The staff is very friendly, always willing to go above and beyond to treat their customers wonderfully! Highly recommended!!
5 Denny and Wilson!  Great guys.  My friend and I had awesome pedi's this past Friday.  We made 5pm appointments which was the PERFECT time.  Very relaxing in the salon.  We received great 1-on-1 attention from choosing our perfect color polish to the stone massage to the cutest Valentine's drawing I asked for on my big toes.  And those fish are HUGE!  Can't believe they've jumped out of the tank before.  I'd like to be around to see that...  Anyway, great place - love that they change the liner for every pedi and your tooties are scrubbed with real orange slices and soaked with rose petals.  Those oranges sure make me hungry!  I've been going here for a couple years - will definitely continue to come!  Also used this salon for my wedding - my family and friends all had a great time there getting manis/pedis/gel nails.
2 The place just isn't the same since Lee sold out.  I've tried to stay but at some point the wide selection of glitter and polishes does not outweigh technicians who don't know what they are doing and who are rude.   I need a new place ;(
5 I love going to Scottsdale Hand And Foot Spa...The spa is beautiful and they are always creative with the designs. I highly recommend them.
5 I am so happy I started coming here!! I have been to 4 different nail techs for my gel manicures and every time it's outstanding! And I don't get your typical one color mani.. I have these girls adding glitter, hearts, stripes, you name it! I like to look on Pinterest for nail ideas (I KNOW I'm not the only one, ladies!) and each time I show the girls a picture they exceed my expectations!! This is the first time I've been loyal to a nail salon, ever! I just can't go anywhere else! I always get hard gel and it lasts for 3 weeks before I need to get them done again.   Not only is their work amazing, but the place is always so cute and clean! And there's an adorable little lady always sweeping and picking up. I look forward to coming here. And I'm so glad I found my forever nail home!
1 I usually love this place but not sure if new owner or what but def gone down hill. I choose numerous colors and seemed out or lost. Then the man doing my nails asked l another co worker questions and she got very rude worth me and him. I felt be littles. I ended up not getting anything done but have them take my polish off and I still had to pay $10 for it. Will never return which sucks cause I used to brag about this place
4 I have been looking for a relaxed, clean, friendly, top quality service environment for my gel manicures and pedi's.  This is it!  I checked the other Yelp reviews, called and was able to get in for services immediately.  Jason was awesome; very friendly, thorough and kind.  The salon is very relaxing and comfortable.  I will definitely be a returning customer!
5 This is an amazing place! Very clean, very friendly. They do an amazing job, awesome pedicure and manicure, they take their time and get the job done. Definitely recommend this place. Finally found a good manicure and pedicure spa!
5 This place is great!! They really spoil you here. Highly suggest you get your pedicures here. I have not done a fill here yet but plan to
5 This place is fantastic! I am so glad we found it! I have been getting pedicures at least once a month for the past 10 years and I can easily say that the one I received from Jason today is one of the best I've ever had. I brought my two little girls and my mom with me. The girls both got pedicures (one had her fingers painted too.) they each got nail designs too. The staff were so kind to the kids. They didn't make them feel like they were any less important than my mom & I were. My mom was very pleased with her manicure as well. The salon is very clean and has great ambiance. I highly recommend this salon. We will be back next time we come to town. FYI, I did call the day before to make an appointment because there were four of us but their brochure says walk-ins welcome.
5 Most fabulous gel overlay manicure. Now I have to figure out how to post picture.
5 I am a returning customer due to the awesome service and quality! Every time I call for an appointment, Denny makes every effort to accommodate my request.  The entire staff is friendly and always smiling.  The salon is clean, relaxing and has a warm, calm energy.  Christine does my pedi and gel manicure.  She's so thorough and takes her time.  My nails always look gorgeous!  If you're looking for quality service - this is the place!
5 Another fabulous gel manicure... Happy 4th of  July
