5 Yum! We also just got to taste these selfish tacos at Tivoli today. We had jackfruit tacos with a tasty crema in chewy corn tortillas. Only prob was I wanted bigger ones!! Nice portion of filling, but I would've liked a little more tortilla! My son tried the teriyaki chic ones and loved the protein. He says it is very similar to his favorite plant based protein at Native Foods in LA. Very excited to see you at the farmers market though.
5 Growing up as a Mexican-American in Los Angeles, CA there was always an option to go find a taco stand and enjoy some delicious tacos. But as I chose to become Vegan these options seemed far and wide. Unless I cooked at home I couldn't enjoy the street tacos anymore. Now living in Vegas it's been many years since I've enjoyed a street taco, since the Vegan options here are far and wide.  So you can imagine my utter joy when I found Garden Grill at the farmers market. I ordered 2 of each, Beer-Battered Avocado, BBQ Pulled Jackfruit and Chick'n Teriyaki. As I bit into my first taco, which was the avocado one, I felt these flavors just burst into my mouth and I cried of joy. I honestly could have never  imagined  such flavors bringing me to tears. As I enjoyed the next one, BBQ Pulled Jackfruit I lost it...I was so emotional eating these tacos. It just brought back so many memories of going down to TJ with my family and hitting up all the best taco stands, BUT these were BETTER!  Honestly you have to try these tacos...I will be back for more. One reason being, no GMO's. Support Local Vegan food!
5 These guys had a tent down at the Fresh 52 farmer's market last weekend, and the tacos are so good.
5 This is good as it gets! I have tried everything Garden Grill has on their menu.i couldn't even tell you a favorite because everything is amazing. I am talking about food so good it hits your emotions.  The breakfast tacos, the beer battered avocado tacos, and the jackfruit tacos warm my heart and I find some days incomplete without having my Garden Grill fix. The cheesecake with strawberry sauce is by far the best cheesecake I have ever eaten. Thank you for all of the awesome food that's delicious and actually good for me. I can't wait for my Wednesday fix :)
5 I can't get enough of their beer battered avocado tacos, so delicious! Last night I got to the Bruce Trent farmer's market later than usual so they were all sold out of them. Guess I'm not the only one digging on those tacos! So I decided to try the philly cheezesteak. Wow! I was, once again, blown away and my taste buds were thoroughly impressed.  I was unable to finish the whole thing because it's huge, so I took the rest home and my omni Dad stole and devoured it. Never told him it was vegan, but since he knows I don't eat meat he probably guessed. He wanted to get their location and dates so he could stop by after work and get one for himself. Vegan food is just salads by bottom!  I don't know what these guys do to make their food so delicious, but they need to keep doing it! I love everything I have tried so far. Next time I will have to venture into their dessert items, but I don't know if I should start down that slippery road...  If you give the Garden Grill a try you will NOT be disappointed!
5 Definitely 5 Star all the way. The teriyaki taco is wicked good, and my favorite the beer battered avocado tacos. The beer battered mushrooms are also super good. I really like that they have young coconuts too. Garden Grill is definitely a must have while in Las Vegas
5 Love this taco stand! Especially the jackfruit tacos. Great flavor! The beer battered avocado tacos are also a special treat. You get two smallish tacos in an order. The price point is for quality, specialty foods - it is at a farmers market after all. Depending on the day, they also have pozole soup (yummy), raw desserts, Philly cheese steaks, and a few other items. All vegan and all simple fresh ingredients grilled right in front of you. You should definitely try them out.
5 Amazing food..........you wont be sorry to stop by... .......5 stars for sure...........Bit far from my house but definitely worth ........ Fair price.......
5 I'm going to Vegas this weekend, where are you located?  I don't see address so if pop up please give me date/time/location for gps, which includes zip.  Thanks, look forward to trying your food.
5 I got one beer battered avocado taco and one jackfruit taco for $7 and it was more than enough for me and my daughter. Super yummy and fun farmer's market. Really vegan friendly, but this is the place for lunch!
5 We bumped into this place at Tivoli village farmers market and were blown away first - by their service, then by the food! Their new crispy chicken sandwich was amazing. Better than real chicken! So fresh and good. Can't wait for them to open up all over Vegas!
5 I just LOVE Garden Grill! So delicious and fresh. Great service, very friendly!
4 well...I was very hesitant to try but my bf has been looking for vegan "real food". We tried the Chik'n & Fried Avocado tacos and the Philly Cheesesteak. I took a bite of his Teriyaki Chic'n and it was ok. Im not sure if knowing it wasn't chicken made me not like it as much but it wasn't bad but nothing I need to go get. The Philly was pretty tasty. I will say the tacos were pretty small but the Philly was a nice size. The pics I saw seemed like they were huge. He enjoyed both but said it definitely wasn't meat.
5 The Philly is my favorite but avocado tacos are a close second. Friendly service and the food is always fresh. They remember their customers and genuinely appreciate their business. My only complaint is that we can't get this delicious stuff all the time! ;)
5 One of my favorite spots to go eat with some delicious vegan selections. I go at least once or twice a week usually get a "chicken" sandwich lettuced wrapped which is my favorite, some tacos, or the specials they have going for the day. Actually not going to lie I've pretty much have tried everything they've had or have to offer on the menu and have never been let down. They have such great vegan and organic plant based options with great spices and flavors. Also to mention the great staff. They always have awesome service every time I go, such nice people to chat with when I come, and also very professional.
