5 This place is a great new add to the Vegas area.  I met Debbie at another wax business that was a chain where they get you in/out in 15 mins which can be traumatizing when it comes to wax. But Debbie was so good, I had to follow her to her new location.  She's very professional, and her prices are great! They do all sorts of waxing here for both genders, as well as, eyelash extensions.  Go.  Relax.  Enjoy.  Life's too short to be hairy with short eyelashes !  Sent from my iPhone
5 What else can I say but Debbie is amazing. My overall experience at her skilled hands has been exceptional.  Debbie is  professional and extremely friendly which always makes me feel welcome and comfortable. Her waxing abilities are superior.  Let's face it ladies it can be a little awkward getting waxed especially is the lower region, but Debbie's bed side manner puts you at ease and it's over before ya know it. I'm so confident in Debbie's abilities I had her do eye lash extensions on me last night.  Mind you I have had several eye surgeries so I was hesitant. Let me just say WOW!!! When she was done the effect was beyond fabulous.  Her technique was great and didn't irritate my highly sensitive eye. So needless to say I am extremely satisfied with Debbie.  So if your looking to get pesky hairs waxed off or fabulous lashes filled in go see Debbie. I promise you that you will be happy with your results
5 Debbie is hands down by far the best lady to ever wax my lady parts!  I am no stranger to the infamous Brazilian wax and I know it can be painful.  Debbie was quick, relaxing, and most importantly gentle.  Overall was the least painful Brazilian I've EVER had.  I'm not a local but am in town often for work and I think it says a lot about Debbie that I am switching to a place out of state.
5 Debbie is awesome!! The after look makes me want to never go natural again! I feel so glamorous and she was so helpful making my first time a breeze and I will be back!!
4 The place was so cute! Small and personal! The wax went by quick which is convenient because I went during my lunch break. The wax felt super hot! Hotter than other places I've been to, so maybe I was just being a sensitive baby haha.  Very professional and friendly :)  I got the groupon for a $19 Brazilian wax. I'll definitely come back for another one even if I don't have a groupon
5 Mia is the best wax girl in town. She's ultra patient especially since I'm a huge sissy when it comes to pain. She also pays attention to detail and gives me a super clean perfect wax every time. Love love love her!!!!!  Ladies if you're at all apprehensive, go see Mia.
