5 This place is amazing. The food tasted great and was priced just right. The people treated me great from the time I walked in to when I walked out. Along with the food the games makes this place much more than a bar and the TVs. 13 TVs makes this the place to watch college and pro sports. This is the new place for my friends and I to watch sports or just relax. I will be sure to return to this place often.
4 Loved the beer selections... But disappointed in their menu. We had an appetizer, definitely would get it again (turkey chili fritos). But my entree, the chicken breasts, left me with nothing to remember. The dish was bland and lacking. A friend ordered the Rueben and was also disappointed.   On a different note... The staff is super friendly, the service is quick and they have a ton of TVs. I'll be back for college football games and beers as long as they air the Irish. And the veggie chips! Those things were amazing! Definitely order them with the Turkey Chili Fritos!!
3 I stopped in a few nights ago to meet up with some friends. We intended to meet at a place next door, but it was crazy packed there so we wondered next door to Derby. I think it had just opened because none of us heard of it before and there was a plastic banner in the name space. Cool by me though.   I was on a water only diet, as I was running a 5K the next day, but from my observations everyone was alright with their picks. I also observed that the menu looks pretty expensive; the specialty cocktails all started at $12 ouch! including the Moscow Mule, $10 max and it better be big. Which is wasn't. So there is that... then the food sounded good, but most were very underwhelmed by the frito-pie, maybe because it was made with turkey, or as one said, it needed some spices or something. Anywho, it was all ok.   I love the look and feel of the place though. Wrap around patio. Very open. The bar is super cool, low seating to allow for more comfort, the bar staff is on a lower level than you so it works. They even have skiball, score!  I am trying to get the fiancé to check it out, so I will update when we do.
4 My first stop ever in downtown Scottsdale, not quite sure why. I had a friend visiting and we started to roam the entertainment district.  The layout of this place is cool though, a mix of booths, tables, barstools. Lots of T.V.'s so I would suggest coming here if you wanted to watch a sports game downtown.  The girls here have the absolute CUTTTTTTEST uniform, I wish I worked there. Just for the outfit. haha  The drinks were a little pricey from what I was used to (then again, im Downtown.. what do I expect) and the service seemed slow.  I thought it was interesting that they had games backed up against the wall ...including ski ball. Now, Im not usually a fan of games, but I'm down to bet I will kick your butt at ski ball over a beer. I could see me getting competitive and equally as wasted at one of those machines. The food menu seemed a little pricey as well... and I wasnt necessarily dying to try anything I read on the menu.  I'm sure I'll stop back in here eventually if I'm in the area... but I wont drive from North Phoenix to come back.
4 Kind of on the expensive side but hey what bar isn't right? Staff of very good looking people. Hung out here for about a half hour or so, great atmosphere.
3 Went here for food and cocktails after work with a few co-workers.  We didn't get there until around 7:30-8PM on a Tuesday night so it was slow.  By slow I mean, 3 people were in the bar.  So off we go to the experience that I had...  Decor:  They modernized some of the midwest decor that we all know and...don't really love.  Like, deer antlers and what not.  The fact that they modernized it actually makes it look pretty cool in this joint.  Seats with argyle covers and pretty cool bar top tables.  They have couches set up in front of the windows/doors that are pretty sweet too.  Kind of a pain in the ass to eat on, but cool looking none the less.  Waitresses wearing cute little outfits like they were riding horses with their "goodies" hanging out.  Waiters wearing hilarious striped overalls like they're about to go work on the farm.  I'll be honest the men's outfits were a little over the top for me, I giggled like a 6 year old.   Drinks:  I had wine, red blend to be specfic....it was just eh.  My friends all had beer, no cocktails.  They did order a shot, "pickle back" (whiskey with a back of pickle juice).  I refused to partake in that, but the guys seemed to LOVE it though!  Food:  Pigs in a blanket - little and delicious.  Jalapeño Poppers - Filled with glorious cream cheese & wrapped in crispy bacon....hot as sheet.  Lobster Mac & Cheese - creamy, little bit of a kick, LARGE chunks of lobster, crispy baguettes on the side....suuuuper delicous!  Their patio was great, bench style seating right along the road.  I'm sure during the weekend this would be a quality people watching spot.  They had a great brunch menu so I will absolutely be back to explore this situation as well. :)  Overall, I was very pleased with my first experience.  Service was great, food was great, location is great and of course it didn't hurt that it felt a little like my hometown (Kentucky). :)
4 This was my favorite stop on Saddlebag Trail on a recent trip to Scottsdale. The staff was friendly and the drinks were reasonably priced. The place did not have the huge lines like Hi-Fi and Whiskey Row which even made it more popular to my group.   Also, there is a mini skee ball game in the back and a lost & found vending machine.
4 For my first dining experience in Phoenix, Derby impressed me. From the looks of the Yelp reviews, Derby has only been open a month or so but you couldn't tell by dining there.   Everyone was helpful, from our waitress who checked in on us multiple times to refill our drinks to the manager who kindly changed the station on our booth's personal tv. Speaking of which, having an individual small tv in each booth was a nice touch, especially for game days when you may just be wanting to watch one game that isn't the "big" game of the day.  For dinner, my boyfriend and I ordered three of the side dishes:  the sweet potato gnocchi, curly fries and a side salad. We had a large lunch and were looking for something to snack on. This was the perfect solution! The curly fries were deliciously crispy and went great with ranch for dipping. The side salad was a good sized portion of mixed greens, which made me feel better about eating the curly fries. My boyfriend and our friends loved the sweet potato gnocchi.   In addition to the many televisions throughout the restaurant, there are also other ways to entertain yourself. There are games, including checkers, Jenga and cards, to play at your table as well as skee-ball and darts in the back of the restaurant.   The decor is nice and I loved the look of the sunken bar in the middle of the restaurant. The waitress' houndstooth patterned outfits were super cute too!  My only complaint is that it gets loud, at least during game nights, but that's to be expected and not really the restaurant's fault. Just a warning though.
3 Really want this place to be good. Very hipster central. They offer the UFC fights, Major sporting events so good for that! Good service, just not as much fun or energy as a few of the other places on that strip. Good Moscow mules, friendly servers. Will be back, but might just be the "last drink of the night" spot.
4 Came here for a team lunch the other day.  Decor and furniture were cool.  Like other bars in the area, there are a lot of large screen TV's.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  We enjoyed the Pigs In A Blanket and the Crab Dip as appetizers.  I ordered the Tilapia fish sandwich with curly fries which was very good.  Other good reviews on the Reuben sandwich, burger and Frito Pie.
1 I can't say I got to actually try the food or drinks. Came here with a group of friends. Apparently they are too cheap to hire a hostess to seat you. So we stood there with no service. Granted it was a busy time, but not a single employee walking by offered us anything.
4 Wandered into the Derby for a Sunday football game.     The Good:    Great atmosphere with a chic western decor.  I really wanted to take the American flag couch home.  Food was excellent.  Very interesting couches and private booths.   Not as good:  There were plenty of TVs, but if you are not watching the feature game it was difficult to find a good spot to watch. Unless you sit at the bar, the seating isn't positioned well to the TVs.    Prices are a bit high, but they are serving premium quality food so that's ok. But, $6 beers and no game day specials won't get me running back.
4 I went out with a group of friends here and they kept the drinks coming! Being a Kentucky girl, I was very excited to come this place on a Saturday night!   I looked at the menu and it didn't even have derby pie on it.. I mean what kind of themed "KY" bar/restaurant doesn't have Derby pie?! *4 stars for this- could change in the future.  My friend and I will be trying this place out for brunch soon.   I remember we played a game of Jenga with HUGE blocks- always fun and it was cool it was inside ( I've only seen them on patios). We had a blast, it was crowded, they had good music, and I would go back. I hardly remember getting home- many cabs were parked out front- thank goodness.
1 Went with a group of friends for a birthday party. Sat at the open couches, played some games, had some beers. About 30 minutes later we got kicked out of our spots because a group of people that were "spending more $ than us" wanted those couches. Seriously. Will not go back.
1 Unreal.  I just spent $8 or $9 for 5 pigs in a blanket.  Seriously.  Not even a whole hotdog.  What a rip!!!  I asked the waitress for a recommendation.   Clearly a ton of profit for them.  Check the picture.
5 Brunch was awesome! Breakfast Burrito is amazing and the salsa that comes with it is nothing like I've tasted before but it rocks! No one was there on Saturday at 11am except my friend and I so that was nice to have to restaurant/bar to ourselves. It was also fun to see how many people kept coming in because they forgot to close their tab from the night before. People watching= A+
4 I wasn't so sure about this place at first, but I think it's a great addition to Old Town.    It's really different from all the other bars on the block and doesn't turn into a club after 10.  The decor is very cool and is much more reminiscent of something you'd see in the midwest ( back to my roots yo!).  They have ski ball which is super cool and also have a surprisingly good specialty drink menu.  All in all, great new place to check out, especially if you're looking for something a bit more chill than the typical Scottsdale scene.
5 Love it. The decor in this place is like nothing I've seen- it's warm and comfortable, while also being quirky and charming. There are a ton of huge screens for football games, basket ball, and I've even seen UFC fights on.   My friends and I have had both waitresses and bartenders serve us, and they're always polite, attentive, kind and accommodating. Which, of course, isn't something you typically see in Old Town. The security staff is equally kind and patient.   The food is awesome. I have had breakfast and dinner at this spot, and both were equally delicious. I highly recommend the breakfast bowl, something so wonderful wouldn't seem to be healthy- but it is... Ground turkey, avocado, bacon, sweet potatoes, eggs and served with homemade salsa on the side. For dinner I've had the fish sandwich with curly fries- melts in your mouth. My friend had the chicken salad, and she's raved about that for a week now. Oh, and Butter Cake- need I say more?   Seeing the place has a great atmosphere, staff, and awesome food and drinks(did I mention the Fireball on tap?), this is definitely me and my girlfriends new spot!
1 I've been here a few times, came back to watch the football games because of the nice setup. I have recommended this place to people before, but NEVER AGAIN! We waited for a family to finish up their meal and asked if lwe can have it after them. Sat at the table then an hour later the Manager asked us to leave the table because we weren't spending 300 dollars minimum. Never have I ever been to a restaurant and have been asked to leave for something like this! Regardless of what we are spending we are locals we live in the area. WE PAY YOUR BILLS! I will NEVER return here recommend this place to anyone. The only reason we came back the other 2 times because of the setup inside. Besides that super over priced Never any drink specials and of course the awful customer service. Cannot believe this place. Terrible.
1 This place is terrible, after being there for 2 hours over apps and drinks and more apps and drinks we were abruptly told we were being kicked out due to the fact that my friend had a one of those new cell phone integrated watches and he could take pictures of people without them knowing. Something that was not happening by any means, but because of the potential for it to happen we had to leave.   Never have I been so embarrassed. I read through other reviews because of how embarrassed I felt about the situation, trying to understand this place better, and I find that other people have been treated very similarly, I don't feel embarrassed anymore. There is a serious problem with how this place is operated, and not with me or my friend. This place is a joke.  Please do not support this place in any way.
4 This place is always a good time. It's definitely the classier option along the "strip." I like all the coconut water mixers available too.
4 My first trip to Derby House last night with my hubby and we are still taking about how much fun we had! Would have been 5 stars because food, drinks and atmosphere were perfect. The waiter was hard to find and he didn't check back often enough in the beginning so our group ran out of drinks a couple times. He figured us out and started coming by way more often...which made us happy. Great fun! Definitely going back!
2 I have been to this bar before and it has always been ok. Tonight was awful! I met up with some friends who were already there playing Bingo. I waited almost 15 minuets before I got frustrated and went to the bar to get a drink. The bartender was friendly and my drink and my food came out fast. This is the only reason  why they are getting any stars. I went back to the table and another 20 min went by. Our server, Amanda, finally showed up to see if my friends wanted another round. Their drinks had been empty for almost half an hour! We placed our order and finally got the drinks ten min later. We sat there for the rest of the night watching her at the other side of the bar talking with the other servers and not taking care of any of her tables. We had to stop a different server to get our check. If it wasn't for the bartender I would have given it 1 star.
5 I love this place... its very comfortable and relaxed. A good place to end your sunday funday after bouncing around to all the noisy bars in the area. Food is good, drinks are great and there are plenty of activities like the off track horse racing and board games.   I will be back for the Thursday movie nights starting soon!
3 I loved this place when I first went here a couple of months ago. Unfortunately, at least in this reviewer's opinion, it has not been able to resist the Scottsdale vibe emanating from other establishments along this street; it used to have a classier thing going for it. Needless to say, it generally has shorter lines and a slightly more sophisticated clientele than its neighbors. It's not deafeningly loud, the bathroom is relatively clean, and they serve a mean old fashioned.
1 Super cool decor - terrible service & mediocre food. A group of us went here to try it out on a Friday night. We sat at a high top table & waited over fifteen minutes before a waitress even looked in our direction. Totally unimpressed...crossing it off our Scottsdale handouts.
5 Eating, Drinking and Gambling all in one place...you cannot beat it! I put my standard $50 on Russell Baze to win the 9th race @ Golden Gate Fields and parlayed my $230 winnings into a night of good food, good booze and debauchery.
1 No camo shorts allowed.  Was out of town looking to spend money and have fun.  Claims to be a public place. Clearly not. On to the next. Good luck with the biz with there hater style. As a business owner my self I give it 3 years.
1 Not recommended a lot of garbage everywhere. Staff was not polite and the crowd was very aggressive. The staff did nothing to calm them down. The inside is "meh". Not recommended.
1 I was disappointed because this place seemed really fun, but after standing right at the bar and being passed several times by a female bartender who clearly did not want to be there, we never got served so we left.
1 Last month, my GF talked me into going to Derby Public House because they had a special -- with a bingo-type card you got two free drinks. They advertised the card as costing $20 for two, so we got two. Unbeknownst to us, each card had two bingo cards on it so I was surprised when the bill came and the cards cost me $40. Not only that, but the prizes for winning the game were cheesy, like a beer cooler. I wrote a letter to the GM of the Derby Public House complaining that the bingo card game was misleading. He didn't even have the courtesy to call me back.
2 How many stars does good food constitute? Two, maybe three? I got the Shrimp Mac and Cheese and it was more than delicious, but everything else was just so subpar. Our waitress was nice (enough) but truly only did the bare minimum of refilling our waters and spent the rest of her time on the clock visibly staring at her phone while standing at the well waiting for...nothing. Our drinks (the Moscow Mule was fine) but the Red Bottoms were severely under poured and overfilled with ice and $10 on Happy Hour. We had originally asked about their specialty cocktails that were honored on their Happy Hour, and she told us that they didn't have a drink menu because they're remodeling them, but didn't seem to know many of their options off the top of her head. In retrospect, I wish we would have complained about them while we were there but we didn't expect them to be as expensive as they were dissatisfying. I even looked at the photos on Yelp! and they look nothing like what we got--the Red Bottom had at least an inch of room where there was no liquid, just ice. It was mine and my boyfriend's first experience here and we won't be coming back.
2 Maybe this place has potential?  The theme of this bar is nice. Very comfortable.   Came here on a Sunday afternoon, not very busy. We received zero service for a cocktail waitress. Not even a "Hello" . Our party of 5 made about 15 trips to the bar, so she missed out on a decent sized  tab! Even ordered food from bartender.   Not sure if I would go out of my way to visit again.. So many other  Oldtown bars with average to great service from waitresses.. Why come back to ZERO ??
3 Never tried the food or drink.  Have bet on California Chrome to win the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness here so I'm liking my little winning streak!
4 My 22 year-old self would have probably lived at this bar. It's the complete package...good cocktails, good food, a fun vibe and games! They have games. They have skii ball, darts, board games...a many more. It's a perfect environment to enjoy day drinking or night drinking with friends and it's especially great if you want to have some activities to do while you drink. To follow the theme of the derby, they also have off-track horse betting and they throw a really fun Kentucky Derby party! They also host events all throughout the week including movie nights and bingo.  In terms of cocktails, I love their unique twist on drinks. I love the spiked soda that comes in old fashioned soda bottles and their specialty cocktails. They have an extensive drink list.   When I'm in the mood for a day in the "scene," I will definitely make my way over to Derby Public House.
1 There's no conceivable reason this place should still be in business from my perspective. When a person walks into this nearly empty 'House' at noon on a Saturday and is told; "You can sit at any table that doesn't have a reserved sign." and they all have reserved signs, what do you do? I attempted to sit at the bar. There were no stools.  I tried pulling a couple stools from an empty 'reserved' table. The bartender told me to put them back.   I then found a table in the corner with no reserved sign and promptly staked my claim. Within seconds, a server came rushing over to tell us someone had only moments before, called in to 'buy' the table, telling us they planned on a packed house in a couple of hours and they really weren't able to serve us. Can you fucking believe that? I still can't.  I can't recall anytime in recent years where a business, any business, has made me feel so unwelcome as did Derby Public House.  I will come back someday. But it'll be to point and laugh as creditors respossess your bar furnishings, you gigantic sack of assholes.
1 Rudist assholes I have ever seen. Even for Old Town! And that says a lot. My buddy and and I went in to have a couple of beers and bet on the horse race. We each had about 5 large in our pockets to bet. The place was empty and they basically asked us to leave because we didn't have a reservation.  Really! At 10:30 in the morning!  Don't, patronize this place. There are too many other places in the area that understand what customer service is all about. There was one young ladies review that petty much summed it up. SHITHOLE !
4 The place was empty for the clinching game of the NBA finals on a nice Sunday afternoon. This place is like the red head step-child of the bars on Saddlebag. Never seen it busy except for the three major horse races. On this day, El Hefe was slammed and Derby had about six total people in my three hour stint. Nothing really wrong with the place when nobody is there - the TV's are large and they had the volume for the playoff game, which was nice. Bartender was bored, but cool and it was easy to get my $5 drafts of Bud Light. They had no specials on the weekend though and the food menu is very limited. I tried the $11 Bacon Cheeseburger which is fresh meat and thick bacon on a decent brioche bun. It was fresh and hot and a good overall burger, of course that includes being cooked well done. Checking the bill was the strangest part as the $26 tab included no sales tax - have no clue how that happened, but no tax at the Derby...party on.
4 We have been twice, thus far, and will be returning Saturday night for the UFC fights. I was disappointed to read so many negative reviews. We have had great service, served good food, and delicious drinks. We liked the variety of people of all ages that patronize The Derby. I hope management takes into consideration the reviews and works to keep our experiences more consistant.
1 Where do I even begin...I only gave 1 star becuase thats the lowest rating you can give. Never have I been to a restaurant with worse service or more incompetent bartenders who dont have the simple ability and skill set to charge orders to the correct tab and operate a bar efficiently.  Went with a group of 10 or so and half of us were charged too much for our orders and when we told them we were overcharged they argued and got an attittude. What ever happened to customer service???  Trying to close my tab was a nightmare, it was as if the bartender didnt care about his job in the slightest.  I asked to close my tab politely several times and was simply ignored.  My food was overpriced and took wayyyy too long to come out. This was becuase they messed up my order....twice.  How this place is a functioning and profitable busines is beyond me.  I recommend that anyone considering going there change their mind immediately. I would go on but I'm getting upset just thinking about my experience at this institution. Complete waste of time and money.  Dont make the same mistake I did!!!!
