5 The official grand opening is Nov.16 however they are taking new clients now. The pricing is great, get in now before the Founders Membership special. Decibel CrossFit has 4,800SF of space equipped with the best gear in the business and pride themselves on their 3,200 watt sound system. Here is an excerpt from their website: One last thing:  Are your ears not getting the same quality attention as your body?  Heard that same AC/DC or Metallica song for the 10,000th time??  Due to a multitude of crimes against humanity, can't decide if NASA should send Pitbull, Nicky Minaj, and the Black Eyed Peas on a rocket to the center of the sun, or simply destroy them with lasers???  Life is too short to work out to played-out rock and lame, top 40 bubblegum pop.  We play nothing but the newest and best electro/house/dubstep/DnB/trap and modern, alternative/hard rock; the music you want to help power you through an intense WOD and sets of heavy lifts.  Did I mention our 3,200 watt ISP Technologies Pro Audio sound system?!?!?  All in all I like the gym so far. Terrell was a great guy and did a great job of explaining why this gym is different from the plethora of crossfit gyms in the valley. I didn't do a workout today but the fiancé did and he loved they gym. He has been crossfitting at another gym in town for over a year. I plan on starting the on ramp program on the 28th which is basically a 2 week introduction. Come on and join me or just cheer me on.
5 As I lay here dying - sorry, I meant TYPING - I'm massaging out my poor, beaten muscles...several days after working out. I never thought too much about CrossFit and wrote it off as a meathead and guido hobby until my sister recently got into it and wouldn't stop evangelizing about her newfound love for it. So on a recent visit to Vegas, she looked around for a gym and stumbled upon Decibel CrossFit. The only catch was that it wasn't open yet, so she texted me everyday about it until finally I succumbed and signed up for its on-ramp, a 2-week/6-class intro about the religion for $100, which can be credited towards 4-, 8-, or 12-month membership with different pricing scales for 2x/weekly, 3x/weekly, or unlimited classes.   As a long distance runner, I had been looking for a way to incorporate strength and weight training into my regimen, so CrossFit has been a great addition - I go in twice a week now to a different WOD, or Workout of the Day, and I get to use different types of equipment to build up on what was otherwise nonexistent upper body strength. The WODs aren't repetitive, thankfully, so I could be recovering in my arms one day and still be able to go again the next class, where the focus is on shoulders, legs, etc.   I was apprehensive at first, and my biggest fear - among many - was that I'd have a fitness fanatic yelling in my face and threatening push ups every other rep at me. I don't respond well to aggression, and if I wanted that kind of abuse, I would've signed up for the Marine Corps. Luckily for me, the husband and wife team of Terrell and Lauren turned out to be incredibly supportive and encouraging, and I found out later on day one that each exercise can always be "scaled down," meaning it can be tweaked to fit your physical capabilities. Both of them always manage to throw in positive reinforcement - who knew a "good job" could go such a long way, but when I'm bench pressing and the only thing between me and imminent death is a helpful "almost there," IT HELPS.   The awesome part of getting with a start-up gym is that enrollment is still low enough that each class is practically a semi-private lesson. So as much as I want the gym's numbers to grow, I almost feel a little sad letting this secret out.
5 I think I am in the majority here when I say I was sort of scared to try CrossFit, especially when you are carrying a few extra pounds and are definitely not "fit"... Well life's short and I wasn't about to keep wondering what it'd be like so I found Decibel CrossFit and I gotta say I have never been so scared and excited to try something new... I found the perfect place! It is challenging, yes! It is hard, yes! No excuses, yes! You will be pushed, yes! but you will be pushed to do things right and to gradually get to the point you want to get to! There are no unrealistic expectations and the coaches are awesome! Lauren and Terrell will push you and will challenge you but will never shame you or try to get you to a point where it's unsafe and beyond your capabilities... I respect that! Because then you stick with it and you grow into the healthy and stronger new you!!... I definitely recommend Decibel CrossFit!! You will not find a better place! and you will not be sorry!! :)
