5 I am absolutely in love with Vanity Square. I went about a week ago to have my eyelashes done and I also got some hair extensions so that I could be ready for the holidays and my fiance's family reunion. Lisa's work is absolutely impeccable. Not one lash has fallen off, and my extensions have not become a tangled mess as I have experienced in the past. I would highly recommend any woman who needs to feel glamorous and get her money's worth to go see Lisa at Vanity Square. You won't be disappointed!
5 Lisa is the best! I saw her ad on CL and she offered a sweet deal that I cannot just refuse. Her schedule is flexible and shes so patient with me:) i think my eyelashes were growing in 2 different ways and it took us forever to do my lashes but i love it because i was never bored and she made me feel comfortable i also like  her work studio it has a very good ambiance. This is definitely the holy grail of lashes ladies! If you want a good quality work for a really food price lisa is your girl
5 Lisa was awesome!  I left with gorgeous lashes.  I think my natural lashes were troublesome (being blonde), so it took longer to apply the extensions.  Lisa offered the best deal around.  I really enjoyed our visit while I was there.  Her office/studio was beautiful.  Very clean :)  She also had a very flexible schedule.
5 I love my lashes! She asked me what I wanted and gave her input.  They came out and look sooooooooooo good!!! She truly does an absolute wonderful job without rushing through the process. She wants them to be perfect and they are! I would highly recommend her!
5 I discovered Lisa in December and will be a client for life!!! I went to her with some not-so-great hair extensions, and she not only fixed my hair, but made it sooooo much better. She gave me info on where to get the best hair for the best price, and worked with me to get me in her chair ASAP. Her prices are so reasonable, and I know that when I walk out of her adorable salon, I will look amazing. Everyone has been asking me where I've gotten my extensions because they look so real (I have very thin hair). I've had hair extensions for years, and this is hands-down the best they've ever looked. I'm so excited to try eyelash extensions with her, AND get a makeup lesson. She's so sweet and is so easy to talk to that you don't realize you've been sitting for awhile, and she's STILL faster than most.  Ladies, do your head a favor and go see Lisa!
5 Lisa is amazing at what she does. I not only walk out of her studio feeling beautiful on the outside, but walk away feeling beautiful on the inside as well.  She's such a beautiful person inside and out.  Aside from her talents, care and professionalism, she is one of the most warm, honest, sincere, kindhearted, compassionate people I know.  Highly recommend her services.  Since moving to Vegas I've tried a few lash lounges and none of them compare to the quality and service I've received at Vanity Square.  Found her here on Yelp based on the reviews.  I am the typical asian (filipina) with short sparse lashes.   I love the silk lashes on me, but Lisa had me try the siberian mink lashes for the first time and absolutely am in love!   Totally worth it :)
5 Lisa is the B E S T just got them done and I'm forever her client!!! She soo gentle and caring!!! And very professional !!! She constantly having great deals !!! Got my hooked and I'll attach a picture because that's how much I love them thank you Lisa see you soon!!!!
3 She had a coupon special going on. I wished she would have filled them out more to be a little thicker.
