5 I was treated to an awesome dinner here last night.  The service was outstanding and the food was incredibly delicious!  Before the server took our order, we were given a basket of yummy sweet bread with olive spread.  I couldn't get enough of the olive spread, it was so friggin good!!!  I had Butter Squash Tortellini as the main course...but before that, we had an appetizer, flat bread with Portabella  Mushrooms on the bread very tasty! While we enjoyed our dinner, I was able to see a tiny view of the fountains putting on their show!! This place would be an awesome place if you want to impress your date or anyone for that matter!
1 AVOID THIS TOURIST TRAP: high prices, poor service, mediocre food, boring menu.  Save your money for the slot machines (and not at the Bellagio).  On our way to Olive's, we asked some Bellagio workers for directions.  One pointed us in the right direction.  But, as we walked away, his coworker made an insulting wisecrack (unbelievably rude).  The hostesses at Olives were friendly and helpful. The waiter, on the other hand, was simply indifferent. He offered helpful information only when directly questioned. At these prices, I expect more - professionalism. at the very least.  What we got was some burned-out character, who only came alive when offering us desserts (and then, only half-heartedly.)  At fine restaurants, I look for creativity in the menu, especially the appetizers. The menu completely lacked creativity - no interesting appetizers, no interesting entrees, not even an interesting soup.  (Potato soup, really? Is this Luby's?)   The central theme in the menu appeared to be food that can be cranked out relatively quickly in mass quantities (so they can hurry the customer out the door).  We were disappointed with the entrees.  The steak - terrible.  The short ribs - poor.  The chicken - mediocre.  The branzini (fish) - okay (nothing to write home about).  Again, at these prices, you expect fine cuisine.  Instead, you get overpriced mediocre food.    We all declined dessert.  Nobody at the table seemed willing to throw good money after bad.  Nor should you.  As we left, other unlucky tourists stood outside, waiting to be seated.  I wanted to warn them to stay away (but didn't want to make a scene).  So, I'm warning you: stay away from Olives.
5 Great little restaurant in the middle of the shops at the Bellagio. The wait was about 15 mins to get a table but we decided to just sit at the bar instead. Our bartender Jonathan was awesome. Very friendly and quick. I had the Chicken Margarita Sandwich with Sweet Potato fries. AMAZ-ING! The basil aioli and tomato fondue really made the sandwich! The Pear Two Martini was so so tasty too! I could barely taste the alcohol, even though I know there was plenty in there! The olive tapenades that you get are delicious. I could almost just get drinks and snack on that to be completely satisfied!
1 The only thing great about this establishment was the bread and olive tapenade you're served when first seated.  We had to return our lobster mac & cheese because the chef had burnt the cream and the free ranged roasted chicken I ordered was bland and dry.  Won't be going back.
2 Great location and outdoor seating was worth the wait.  The food was not! The scallops were done well, but not cleaned very well as they had sand in them. I ordered gnocchi which came raw. The pasta was raw and still stuck together. They replaced it with an order of ravioli. Unfortunately the pasta cook must have been new because these came out raw in the centers. Not worth the price.
5 We had a reservation for a 1:30 p.m. lunch and requested to be seated on the patio.    They started us off with a variety of breads we tried the octopus and squid appetizer (huge portion)...so delicious, octopus was cooked perfected, ever bite was tender.  It  was served with a chickpeas in the sauce which was so delicious.   we also tried the flat bread with clams. the flat bread was cooked perfectly but I think it needed a little salt. My lunch companion loved it.
5 Absolutely the best view of the bellagio fountains and the food and service are amazing. Dont skip the green beans.
5 Great views, amazing bread and olive tapenade (sp?). Out server Jamie was very very very great! I am vegan and she suggested ways to alter their dishes to make them vegan friendly. Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Oh, and John Stamos was sitting next to us.
4 The ambiance at this place is phenomenal, the service is good. The food is delicious, I love the tuna tartar. It is exquisite and flavorful! The only thing there is a Lady taking pictures and she is a bit pushy to sell them at an overinflated price, I didn't like that.
4 We have a lunch for 6 of us. This review should get a 5 star if we would get our patio reservation as requested.  The  bread, octopus/squid appetizer was really good. raw beef salad was really good and My Scallops lunch dish was amazingly good. Services was good, the ambiance was really nice. it would of been a perfect lunch if we could enjoy the Water fountain show at the same time. Great!!!!
2 Très très déçue par ce restaurant qui se veut haut de gamme face aux fontaines du Bellagio. Diner très quelconque voire mauvais nos plats sont arrivés froid, les prix son exorbitants pour la qualité et le service est assez désagréable, le but étant de vous éjecter au plus vite de votre table. Le point positif est d'assister toutes les demis heures aux spectacles des fontaines du Bellagio !
4 We were in town and were looing for something different.  We also wanted Italian.  While were walking around the shops around 5:00/5:15 and were walk-ins.  Had we walked in twenty minutes later, I'm not sure if we would have gotten a seat.  We lucked out on the patio.  It was a bit warm (June), but well worth it.  We had the Fois Gras (A bit over cooked for us) the carpacio, the scallops and the ravioli.  All were fantastic.  Service was great.  The sommelier was slightly unremarkable, but attentive.  We enjoyed it and would go back.
3 Not bad, not excellent. Nice patio view (not as good as Mon Ami).  Service is good.  Assorted bread basket paired with olive assortment and 2 types of olive spreads.  I asked for the cheese ravioli in a cream sauce. Server suggested that it didn't make for good flavor.  I chose a different pasta dish.   Beef carpaccio - $20 Large portion good to share 3 or more people. Overall good.  Arugula in the center over something like cornbread but sticky like rice cake (didn't care for that part)  Butternut squash tortellini - the first bite is excellent.  However it is very sweet.  And if you aren't in the mood for it, it is difficult to finish.   I could do with less squash and extra sage would be great.   For tortellini, carpaccio, sea bass, lobster add on, 3 wine. $205 - 2 people with tip  In all honesty I've had a better tasting more satisfying meal at much more affordable Italian restaurants.  If I really want the view I would choose French at Mon Ami Gabi over this restaurant.  Decent service.  Just nothing spectacular about the food.
3 In town for a conference, and after a great lunch here 2years ago, suggested our group try it for dinner.  The wait was tolerable with our reservation, but the room was over filled and screaming loud. Services was slow due probably to the crowded dinning room, but Joel was attentive and helpful.  Come hungry, portion sizes were huge!  Wine list is on an iPad, which was going dead...a little more attention to detail may be helpful.  Lunch experience was much better than dinner.
2 I've dined here several years ago and remember it being amazing. We went for dinner last night. Let's just say my favorite part of the dinner was the olive spread we received.  My husband got the prime-- the sauce ruined everything. It was bitter and awkward.  I got the gnocchi-- a dish a frequently order. It was too soft and didn't have any taste. I picked through the dish and ate the olives and tomatoes.  I won't be returning. Very disappointed.
4 This was my favorite restaurant in Vegas (I was there for five days and ate out for lunch and dinner every day).   We started with the flatbread--the HouseFarm? one (with asparagus).  It was solid and had a nice texture.  I preferred the taste of the foccacia bread that came at the start of the meal but this was a good choice for an app and was a good choice to split among three people. For my entree, I had the mushroom papperdelle.  It was really good.  The description is right on except for the lack of mushrooms in the dish.  There were actually very few mushrooms in the dish but it was still good.  Nothing amazing or different but a very good dish. The drinks were good (strong).  My friends loved their drink called the Slingback--very delicious and sweet.  I had a martini which was good. Service was amazing.  Like most places, they make you wait no matter what even if you have a reservation but they seated us quickly.   This is the ONLY place I went to this trip that I would return to on my next trip.  I have no idea why the reviews are not averaging higher especially compared to the places that were five stars.
