5 I LOVE this location, have been going to the same one for years now (I rent a car about every other month sometimes multiple times in a month) have never had one issue with the staff. The staff changes often, but usually because someone got promoted or something. They are always friendly and willing to go the extra mile to give great customer service. I do wish they were open Sundays but not the staffs fault. When ever they have not had a vehicle I made a reservation for which I would always recommend because it locks in the low rate which will usually go up as the date you need the car gets closer  ( I already have cars reserved for next year) they always give me a free upgrade. I have absolutely no complaints about this location. I have tried to go to other places to save some money but have always returned to enterprise. Even   some other enterprise locations I have been to do not match up to the service you will get at this location.
4 The customer service at this location was wonderful!  I decided to rent a car at the last minute, and with literally 15 minutes to go before they closed for the day, I called and asked for them to hold a car for me, and rushed over. Not only was the employee friendly (and I was keeping him past closing time, so he could have been!), but he gave me 2 different discounts, and wrote down a different gauge on the gas tank than what was accurate, allowing me to bring it back with less fuel than I received, without penalty!  I will say that the fee for a one-way trip was $50 more expensive then in a different location (but the same one-way trip), but overall, I would recommend!
1 The "customer service" and the rental car itself were both satisfactory.  Everyone was friendly and courteous, but now that it is all over with I feel as though I was taken advantage of. I had been in an accident and was renting a car for the first time. A company knowing that you would think would try to be as helpful as possible. To the contrary, I feel like I was taken advantage of because of this. I was quoted $225 as the price for my rental. Once my card was actually charged it was for double the cost $449. When I inquired about it I was told it was the cost of the rental (roughly the price that was quoted) and the insurance, which doubled the amount I paid. I informed them that I assumed the price I was quoted was the total price for everything, I didn't realize there were charges on top of that. The Amex card that I put it on also provides car rental insurance so I could have declined all insurance and avoided that expense completely. Unfortunately, I even realize I don't have much room to argue this since the rental agreement has my signatures all over it.  I'm just taking this as a very expensive learning experience. I will know the next time I rent a vehicle not to assume that a rep will be forthcoming with all the information that would seem pertinent. And that is my advice for anyone renting from this company. If you are new to renting a vehicle don't assume that they will explain everything you may need to know.
1 I Had the worst costumer service at this location.  I made a reservation online and when I went in to pick up and try to pay they need two bills to proof of address plus my license. So after driving back home and driving back they said that my bank statement would not be a sufficient proof and they needed a utility bill.  Then I ask to speak to a supervisor and the supervisor on duty gave us an attitude and then said "I can refuse service,  however I  trying to help you." I have been in customer service for a long time and threatening to refuse service is completely insulting to a customer.  As soon as he said that I just told him I would go somewhere else.  Complete waste of an hour and a half.      Although people who work there don't make the policies,  they should be trained to handle agitated customers.
