4 Went with my husband this week after seeing the grand opening sign. They are SO friendly. The place is very clean and nice. The foot basin for pedicure has a removable lining and they used new tools for manicure and pedicure so very hygienic. Prices are very reasonable. Will be back soon!
5 They were open on Thanksgiving! It was a fluke that we came here because our usual place was closed but I must say I'm glad we did. It's run by a family and they have another location north of this one. I literally sat and watched football while getting my legs massaged and feet dialed in (after a long run just before). The prices are reasonable and customer service excellent!!!
5 My friend from church brought me to Five Stars Nails and Spas as her and her mom love coming here ever since it opened. I needed a mani/pedi and only in Phoenix for a few days. Loves it! Their creative nail, design, artistry, CUSTOMER SERVICE! All the beautiful colors and multiple options. Very nice tranquil setting with a fresh water aquarium . They even served me fresh hot chocolate and gave me a grand opening gift of Hydrating Lavender Lotion. Did I mention how CLEAN everything is? This place truly is FIVE STARS!
5 Cute place. Very clean. Walked in on a Saturday and didn't have to wait. Offered water or hot chocolate which I thought was a nice touch. Great visual with the huge aquarium tank. Had a gel manicure for $25 which is great. I liked that they are family owned. Looking forward to see how long my manicure lasts as he seemed to do a great job.
5 I went here because the reviews were good and it was close to home. What a find! I had a great gel manicure from Nina. She was so careful and precise. My nails look amazing. I got a fun mint green color Nina suggested now that spring is coming. Everyone here speaks great English and Nina was fun to talk to. Not only that, it's very clean, people are friendly and they already have regulars after being open for only 4 months. I'm coming back. This is my nail place now.   Oh, did I mention the manicure was $25? Great pricing. Best manicure I've had.
5 Went here prior to a wedding with the bridesmaids and bride. Great service! Very attentive and they did a good job. Would definitely return here again!
5 I am going to start coming here from now on!  It is sanitary; the people are nice.  It is a quality place and prices are very inexpensive, which i like
5 The first time I brought my father, since I go there every 10 days. very friendly and professional staff. Everything brend new and clean inside. is not need to wait in line, just serve very correctly. I felt very comfortable going there because it is very close to my house.
5 I went to this place for the first time today and they are awesome! The staff is very nice and I didn't have to wait at all. Not to mention that have a bazillion gel colors to choose from (sorted out by brand, which someone OCD like me can appreciate). Also a wall full of regular polish to choose from.  Lee did my gel manicure and she's great. She took her time and made sure they were perfect and even asked me if I wanted a 3rd coat instead of assuming or disregarding it. She made certain that they were done how I wanted them to be done, rather than how the nail tech thinks they should be done. I am very picky with my nails, but I was a very happy customer walking out of there today. She actually did them square, which most don't. This is a second location from the original salon on Scottsdale. They just opened about 6 months ago. I would recommend them! Oh and prices are great. $25 for gel and no charge to take off current gel.
5 What a great place!  Friendly staff, clean and nicely decorated interior. It is also very spacious so you aren't sitting an inch from your neighbor.  Lee, my nail technician, was a delight and she did an amazing job.  I will be back for sure!!!  Finally, a great nail place in North Phoenix!!!!  They also have free wireless!!  A huge plus, if you need to get work done while you are there.
5 Wow this place is super impressive  very clean and neat.  Great service, they stayed late for us out of towners in need of manipedi during a conference.  They have these great chair pan liners that are removed to be discarded at the end of each client.  This was almost as impressive to me as the perfectly bright and clean bathroom!!!! Five stars for sure.  I would even pay extra
5 This place is the bomb for acrylic nails!!!!! I found this little gem of a nail salon because of yelp and man were the reviews right on. The place is new, clean and very spacious compared to other nail salons. I moved to Phoenix 6 months ago which is when my search began for a local nail salon to have my acrylic nails done. I have tried several places and although I have had decent to good pedicures, I have never been happy with my acrylic nails....until now! Eric did a terrific job...he took off my yucky acrylic nails virtually painlessly which is no small feat and was meticulous every step of the way without me even asking. I honestly can't remember a time I have been so happy with my nails, even the polish was done with care, but he was still relatively quick. He also asked a few times along the way if I was happy with my nails which a lot of nail techs don't do. I can't comment on the pedicures because I haven't had one yet, but the chairs were pretty full and the other customers looked satisfied. A major plus is most of them speak pretty darn good English and they have tons of polish to choose from in lots of fun trendy colors. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, my search for a terrific nail salon has ended as it doesn't get any better than this place!!!!!
5 Went with a friend and had a good time chatting with the employees.  The ladies that did our pedicures were fun and inviting.  They had fun senses of humor and made us feel comfortable.
