5 Friendly Service  Great Food,  Clean Place!! what more could you want from a BBQ Express!! recently opened and serving up the best bbq in Az!! they cater too!!!
3 The young people that run this place have an opportunity.  An opportunity to refine and grow their business based on customer feedback.  I noticed their location because I'm always looking for new, small businesses to try and especially if I can drive thru.  As a single person, that's a quick and comfortable way for me to feed myself.  I'm a foodie with marketing background so I'm always thinking about how to make the experience better.  So tonight around 7pm I stopped in.  Cute, friendly decorations.  Manager very nice.  Answered all my questions but I would encourage her to offer the same info to customers instead of them having to ask.  Engage the customers.  My questions -  what should I try, what do they make fresh, are they a chain, etc.  I ordered the ribs plus two other meats plate.  The ribs were super good.  The pulled pork was super good.  The brisket - flavorless and dried out.  The home made fries were good.  The beans flavorless.  Next time around I plan to try the links and other things that I didn't try this time.  What I wish they had was more BBQ sauce flavors - honey mustard is especially good with pork and I notice the restaurant locations have more sauces.  I also wanted a green salad choice.  Pulled meat on top of a green salad is yummy and makes us feel less guilty for eating some much meat.  I checked out the Waldo website and saw that the restaurants versus the express locations have much more variety.  I think I would pull a few of those items into the express like the salad, catfish, corn on the cob and deserts.  They need to add more detail to the menu sign and should have a to-go printed menu.  What about a student special to capture some of the students just around the corner at the high school?  Also 8pm is a strange closing time.  I would extend it to 9pm.  A lady came in at 7pm wanting to buy an entire rack of ribs and they didn't have any warm ones left having just sold a large order to someone else.  That should never happen - they lost the money and potentially a repeat customer.  I wish them luck and I'll return with other customers.
5 Well, I use to go all the way downtown Phoenix, to get great Bar-B-Q, but now it's 3 minutes from my house.  Great food, very friendly service and the Manager, Laura Davison, has one of the sweetest dispositions, I've ever seen, from anyone in the restaurant business.  I'll definitely be passing this info. along to my Facebook page.  It's nice to be able to recommend a business, that goes out of their way, to do it right.  Also, this place is squeaky clean and well lit.  Small dining area inside, but plenty of room on the patio.  Very reasonable prices.
4 This is a good bbq place for Phoenix. After being disappointed from trying other 4+ star Yelp BBQ places in town, I decided to try Waldo's. The brisket is good, moist and lean with a good smoky flavor. The pork ribs were tender and moist but lacked smoke flavor and almost seemed boiled. The sauce was pretty good and complimented the meats pretty well. Will come back to try other items in my quest for some good 'cue in the valley.
4 I had this bbq for the first time and I can say I was impressed.  For $5 I got a bbq pork sandwich, cole slaw, and an order of spicy french fries.  The sandwich was pretty small but it actually filled me up quite well, especially for only $3 for the sandwich, it is a steal.  I really liked the spicy fries as well.  I will definitely go back here again.  You get a homemade bbq sandwich with two sides for $5!  They even gave me extra bbq sauce and ketchup without having to ask for it.
3 I've been curious about Waldo's for a while, and then discovered that they'd moved in to the old Dairy Queen at T-Bird and 19th Avenue. It's an "Express" location, which means they receive food cooked at their main location-when it's gone, it's gone. But that's the way BBQ works anyway, with cook times from 5-15 hours... Pulled Pork and Chicken sandwiches are $3. They're on the small side, but...they're $3! Pork was fair--no bark, smoke flavor was, uh, delicate at best, but serviceable. The chicken was impressive--moist, better flavor than the pork. I had a small taste of the brisket, which is sliced very thin. It displayed a smoke ring, and tasted pretty good. The meat was a bit dry, but there was plenty of pan sauce with it. The french fries were incredible, I must say. And they're a buck. The last little tid bit of info is that all the prices are tax inclusive. Couple sandwiches, fries, drinks, ten spot flat. Give 'em a try. It may not be luscious like the higher price q joints, but it's priced accordingly!
4 Better then I expected. The place was clean and there was a group of 4 ahead of me. The service was a tad slow considering they call themselves express. (I do not mind slow over rushed poor food) I had a pork sand and mac. The mac was forgettable but the pork was on a hoagie roll with a decent amount of meat. Sauce was on the side and was a decent flavor.  Please flavor the mac better and offer a spicy sauce as well.   I would be back for the $5 deal.
5 Nom Nom Nom. I decided to try it after driving past it a few times. It's delicious. I had the pig sandwich and Mac and cheese. The pulled pork is tender and stuffed in a tasty hoagie roll. I wish there was more cause I wooded it down. Lol Mac and cheese tasted homemade and was hot and fresh. Idk if they make their own BBQ sauce but it's seriously mouth watering. Loved it! Great food and great price. Highly recommended!
1 I hate doing this but seriously, this is the worst bbq that I ever tried. Their sandwiches are cheap I'll give them that but they are also very small and tasteless. I went there for lunch and I actually bought 3 different sandwiches cause I wanted to try out different stuff. Long story short; I took one bite out of each sandwich and I threw them away. Fries were super old and soggy...I just can't find one positive about this place.
4 Do you know what I hate? When people write a review but don't take any pictures of what they're actually reviewing. Don't worry I took pictures of everything I ate :)  Don't let the exterior fool you this place is home to some yummy BBQ and friendly service. I knew from previous reviews that the sandwiches were on the small side so I ordered 2 (one pig and one chicken) plus a mac and cheese and fries...I skipped lunch and everything sounded amazing and had a fat kid moment leave me alone ;) Sandwiches were $3 a piece and sides/drinks were $1 a piece as previously mentioned by other Yelpers.   Food came out promptly and I started on the chicken sandwich first which was flavorable then came the pork which tasted yummy as well. I put their BBQ sauce on both just because, it tasted nice and sweet but not too sweet. The roll was nice and soft too not like the hard ones that hurt your teeth biting into them. Mac and cheese tasted homemade not the boxed version that these other reviewers must be used to and the fries were almost shoestring style and crispy. After eating all that I can definitely tell you that 1 sandwich will do the trick of filling you up, don't overdo it!  They have a sign posted that you find another BBQ place that is better to please still visit them. I think that says something along the lines that they aren't claiming to be the best there is cause there is definitely better out there but if you're in the neighborhood do check them out!
5 I love this place! The food is delicious! The portions in the sampler platter will feed two easy! The sandwich sizes are a bit smaller but if you order a double meat with fries it should cost around 6$. This should satisfy most appitietes. The young woman who usually serves me is very pretty and dispite her beauty she is very polite which is rare these days. Im used to an additude from women who know they are attractive. Tho the food isnt prepared at this location it is slow smoked in mesa. Also the prices reflect the fact that it was cooked off site, and costs slightly less than mesa. I would highly recommend the sampler platter.
4 Pretty good for the price. Even though I knew I wouldn't be able to finish everything, I ordered a small variety of menu items for the sake of being able to try more things at once. The French fries were my favorite. Sounds strange but I'm a big fan of thin cut, limp, darkly browned fries. I can see how that might be a turn off for some people, but I thought they were great, especially with the course sea salt they were seasoned with. They reminded me of the fries at Outback Steakhouse. The Mac and cheese was really basic and simple. It was really bland at first but all it needed was a little salt and it was decent. The hot link sandwich and brisket sandwich were about as simple as it gets. A hot link sliced in half on a piece of baguette and a helping of brisket on a piece of baguette. Both with BBQ sauce on the side. The hot link was very good. The brisket, on the other hand was really disappointing. I love brisket, but the brisket here had ZERO flavor. It tasted like boiled meat. There was no tenderness, no juiciness, and worst of all no smokiness. At least the BBQ sauce was good. Lots of sweetness and not too vinegary. I will definitely be back to get another hot link and try a few more of the menu items. Oh and the prices are great - which earned them 4 stars instead of 3 from me.
