4 This place does one thing good and that is chicken strips!  I do not think they'll mind me saying this.  Prices are very reasonable.  The strips are amazing for fast food!  I've been to their other locations and this store on their second or third day.  Raising Cain's has some impressive quality standards in-place.  Every location I go to I am always served juicy chicken strips and the staff are trained well to assure that you will have excellent customer service.  I'm going on a limb here and am declaring these chicken strips the best fast food has to offer.
3 Went here for lunch today to see what could be so special about a place that just serves chicken fingers and we didn't get off to a good start.  I placed my order at 11:18 am (time on my receipt), and it was a mostly empty restaurant. The lunch rush had not started yet. I placed my order for a "Box Combo" and lemonade and stood by the counter thinking they would call my name. About 10 minutes into my wait I noticed they were bringing the orders to the tables so I went and sat down. I finished my lemonade while I waited and notice there was a charge for a refill so I got some tea instead. At 11:39 my order was brought to me.  The food was pretty good but how the heck does it take 21 minutes to cook chicken fingers and fries when that is all you do?  By the time I left it was very busy and I wondered if those people were waiting longer than I had to when the place wasn't busy? I'll give them another try and see if they are any faster next time.
3 Simple menu + tender chicken = Good  Dropped in with the work team to try out Raising Cane's in Avondale, at the 10 and 101.  It's basically a Five Guys but with chicken strips.  Menu is simple and straightforward.  The four meal options are a quick picker's heaven.  Staff was nice and snappy with the service.  And the amount of food you get for the money is an excellent deal.  My team loved their meals.  That said, for me it's chicken strips, bread, slaw, good wavy fries, and a soda.  Par.
5 Great surprise! Crinkle french fries are really great. Coleslaw is very tasty. Chicken tasted very fresh, nice and crispy. Secret sauce is ranch and BBQ sauce I suspect. Tastes great with the chicken. Employees are very friendly and efficient. Will return.
2 I'm sad to give just 2 stars on my first visit. I was hopeful for this new place. I went through the drive thru. What's up with the mic system? It was so hard to hear the employee.  And who puts the first window just a few feet from the place to order? No wonder lines here get long!   I ordered the Caniac to share with my son. I paid for the Caniac. I got home and saw they did not give me the Caniac. Packed my son back up in the car and drove back with now cold, untouched food. I chose to go inside to tell them about the order mix-up. I wasn't mad. They are new and it happens. Walking in we passed many employees out front on a break cussing and yelling. Inside employees were messing around.   I gave my food back and explained issue. The cashier took it and told cook they messed up on the order. Another random guy (maybe an employee who was off) yelled "Yea fix it!". The manager was called and she was confused because she didn't understand why she was needed. I never called her over.  She just said "do we owe you money? " I got my food back. The container felt warm and I opened it to check it over.   All is well so back to the car to load in my kid. Cold food 10 minutes later at home. The cook just added some chicken to the box of food I returned.   Not impressed and will not return. The chicken and sauce lacked flavor. The staff was mediocre at best. Let's hope this place turns around quickly!  Chick-fil-a for life now!
3 This isn't my sort of restaurant for a full meal since I don't do deep-fried stuff, but I was happy to sample my husband's foods.   We didn't go inside. We made an attempt to do the drive-through at 5:30PM on a Friday and the line was some 10 cars long, so we made a return attempt about 9PM and sped right through. Food was ready very quickly.  The chicken is crispy and hot, with high quality meat. The mayo-based sauce didn't interest either of us. It really needed a different sauce to add some oomph.  The fries were nothing extraordinary: warm, but not hot and fresh. I was reminded of frozen fries I could bake up in my oven at home.  The big winner here? The Texas toast. I'm a bread snob--I bake all my own bread--and THIS was the good stuff. If I had to eat at this place, I'd make my whole meal this bread. The cut is about an inch in width. The bread is super soft yet solid in texture, and is toasted just enough to make it crispy. Perfection in bread, people.  My husband wasn't very happy with his drink. The cup was solid ice. He had about two slurps of Sprite and that was it.
5 I love Raising Canes.  The sauce is to die for, the chicken is always fall apart tender. These guys do one thing and they do it well. you won't get a better chicken strip basket anywhere else. Yes all of the food is deep fried but treat yourself sometime and check this place out.
3 I dunno what happened but I got baby chicken fingers it seems, in both boxes! Running low on chicken guys or what?
4 - Very limited menu but in a good way - food quality is not what you would expect at a fast food   restaurant, it was very good - the employees are nice but a little too excited for your average customer, they take customer service very serious!
5 Delicious!  You can have anything you want here, as long as it's chicken fingers.  Delicious, delicious, chicken fingers...mmmm.
4 Who can resist a southern style joint with that friendly feel, tasty chicken, and sweet tea?!  Raising Cane's is always hopping...think In 'n Out on it's busy afternoons.  Every time, you are warmly greeted by almost everyone who works there and they address you by name (after getting it from you at the counter).    Their famous sauce definitely makes it.  I've been a couple times now and only one time did I get dry chicken.  The other visits were made of juicy chicken strips!  You get a lot of food even if you only order their 3-piece, so be cautious of The Box with chicken, coleslaw, fries, and toast.    Try out their sweet tea or order yourself a lemonade (you have to ask when you order since the lemonade isn't out for you to get yourself).
5 GREAT FOOD!!!! The Food here is always fresh never frozen, served to order. Best Chicken Fingers, Toast & French Fries in the Valley.  I love the way they greet my family as soon as we walk in with a "Welcome to Canes". I highly recommend this place to everyone. Come visit the Cane's at: 99th avenue and McDowell.  Pick up a gift card for a love one and show them ONE LOVE.  If you need assistance or have any questions ask for Jason Baez. He's very friendly and helpful!
3 This was my first visit to this location. The food was still tasty, but the customer service was lacking. The person taking orders seemed less than enthusiastic to be there. At one point, I saw a young girl drop her cup of ice on the ground and was passed by many workers. After a few minutes of cleaning her own mess, someone finally helped her. Lastly, at the other locations I've been to, managers generally come out to greet and visit. The person I assumed to be the manager never interacted with anyone, even the workers.
2 Marginally decent chicken strips for marginally decent prices. The chicken was relatively moist but a little tough, the Cane's sauce was definitely not boss in my book (very little flavor other than sweet) and the fries were lukewarm and soggy. As others have mentioned, the drive-thru is engineered poorly with a payment window right as you turn the corner, leading to long lines. If there were other sauce options and better fries it'd be a place re-visiting.
4 Wow ia that drive thru packed after 5 p.m.!  It was way faster for me to just get off of my car and order inside. I got my order extremely fast. I even got out sooner than some of the cars that were at the the drive thru.    It was my husnand and my first time trying out this restaurant. We wanted to try it after my brother raved of it being the best. I got the 6 piece chicken fingers, it comes with: fries, Cole slaw, a piece of toast,  and cane sauce.  I thought it was a little in the pricey side. I didn't really enjoy the chicken with their sauce. I ate mine with the Louisiana hot sauce they have at the restaurant. If my husband or I are ever in the mood for "chicken fingers" we'll just stick to KFC not worth the drive from Buckeye.
4 I don't like to eat anything fried too much but you can get addicted to these fried chicken strips. I went a few times and each time our meals were hot, fresh and tasty. The portions are big and very filling. You get a side of coleslaw with the crispy fried chicken baskets and there is one that you can get the bread. The bread is great so I order extra. Order extra of the dipping sauce it is almost like a Thousand Island but with a kick (very tasty).
3 All I have been hearing is how great this place is, best chicken fingers in town. Well after hearing all of the hype, Wife and I decided to try this franchise out.  NO BIG DEAL!! Chicken was OK, not much flavor. Thinking they are counting on you trying their Cane Sauce for the flavor? Speaking of sauce, they have ketchup, honey mustard, and cane sauce. Now their Cane Sauce is like a thousand island with a little kick. They do not offer is mustard, and BBQ Sauce? Nothing here really stood out for me, it really wasn't that big of a deal. I would rather go to Chick-fil-a anytime! I do need to mentioned that their service was really good, the gals were very courteous, always making sure everything was fine! Overall, I am glad we at least tried it, not saying I wouldn't come here again. But there is better chicken out there.
5 This is my third time here, first time reviewing. We always go through the drive thru. I have never had an issue with my order or customer service. I'm usually not a fan of chicken tenders, these are the best and even with the drive home they are crisp and warn. I don't know what they put in the sauce but it's the best. I could go on and on about foods that are the best here, cole slaw, sweet tea and lemonade. This is one of the tastier fast food picks. This is a must try
4 Great service every time I come here!  Not a lot on the menu but that makes it easy to decide.  The chicken, special sauce, and Texas toast are amazing!  Not the greatest fries but everything else makes up for it.  Hoping one day they put one in North West Peoria!
3 went through the drive thru, service was good. ckn was good and soft, very yummy esp. there cane sauce. the fries were mediocre and some were over cooked. not a coleslaw fan. but the toast was good. overall a decent meal for 9.07 that i split with my son. better places out there.
5 I first found this place while in Las Vegas, and it quickly became a staple during my trips.  To choose to eat fast food in vegas over the million other options should speak for itself.  Imagine my excitement when one opened up near my house!  Very simple menu, but great food doesn't need to be complicated.  Pass on the ketchup, I would drink the sauce alone if I wasn't worried about dying.  Dip everything you own in it.
5 This place is absolutely fantastic! Super quick and easy menu, and the staff is courteous beyond belief! I've come here well over 5 times now, and each time, the food was piping hot, the chicken tender and juicy, fries are nice and crispy.  I always swap the coleslaw for extra canes sauce, because who doesn't love some extra sauce to dip! As busy as this place is, I never see it dirty. The staff is always friendly with you, and even asks for photo ID if you are paying with a debit card, which is always a plus from me.  If you love their sauce, they do sell it to you in their large 42oz drink cups.  Overall, this is the best chicken place in the valley, hands down.
2 Don't really understand the appeal of this place. Chicken was fine, but certainly nothing worth raving about. And with nothing else on the menu other than the strips or sandwiches made with strips, there just really isn't much to say here.  Their signature Cane's sauce? Meh. Would've loved some BBQ sauce. Anything to add a little spice and flavor to some relatively bland chicken.   I don't really understand why people would bother packing this place out when Chick Fil A is across the street. Unless it's Sunday, of course.
4 Place was clean and very friendly staff  the chicken didn't stand out . Wasn't offered any choice of sauces but would come back again
4 Like it says, Yay! I'm a fan. These are some good chicken strips. The Texas toast is really good too. Plus the fries and never forget the Cane's sauce. The sause works so well with the chicken. I have heard of this place for a while but had never tried it. Mostly because I wasn't near any locations. I llike this one because it is close to school. Works out just right to run over on break and grab some chicken strips. I have only been through the drive thru so I don't know how the inside of the restaurant looks but through the windows it looks very nice and clean. The employees are always very nice and seem like they genuinely like working there. The drive thru moves pretty good. They only have one thing on the menu so it is pretty easy. You just have to decide how many strips you want. Every box comes with fries, Texas toast and of course the yummy sause. You can also get coleslaw in some of the boxes. I have yet to try that. The prices are pretty good too. No more than other fast food places. I am a fan and I will continue to come here on break. The chicken is very tender and juicy. It just falls apart when you bit into it. So good. Winner winner chicken dinner! I had to say it.
3 I don't get it. The fries are good, and the chicken breading has a nice crunch, but the chicken itself is dry and flavorless. The sauce is a bit like ketchup, ranch and a ton of pepper. It's a decent meal in a hurry, as most stuff on that side of the street are sit-down, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4 Fantastic chicken strips!  The Texas toast is good.  Fries could be crispier...  The Cane's sauce is GREAT.  I have only been at the drive thru for this location.
4 This is the first place I been to where I can say "you have to try their chicken strips!"  It's soo good and the bread is amazing! Can't forget the sauce that goes really well with the chicken and I don't mind dipping their fries in it as well! I recommend this place to anyone who wants some good fast food  Haven't met one person yet who doesn't like to eat here. Oh and I absolutely love tea and when I tried their sweet tea for the first time, it just made the meal even better!
