3 Impressive for a soft opening!  Parking is tough, not sure the parking lot will be big enough.  Ordered 4 piece combo. Took awhile to appear at the table but understandable.  Food was hot and very tasty!  Problems I felt was very cold and it is very loud. It was maybe 1/2 full at 6:15 and we could not hear ourselves talk :(   Since they call your name for ypur order it makes it very hard because we could not hear our name called. Not sure what can be done about that.  We will be back so please look for an update ;)
4 This location is finally open and I can try their food!!! everything was pretty good for the most part. You can't really mess up chicken fingers or fancy them up. The chicken was crispy and tender and so were their fries. The chicken meals come with a garlic butter toast which was good but seemed a bit out of place ad everytime I took a bite of the toast I wanted spaghetti. The service was great, everyone there seems happy and energetic, probably because it's their first day open. It's a fast food joint but the workers came around and provided service like offering to take our trash and giving us refills. overall it's a pretty good spot if you're in the mood for good quality chicken fingers.
3 The place was packed, there was a line about 8 people deep.  It was really noisy and there were no empty tables.  I think they could have done a better design to keep the people in line better, it spilled into the dining area and blocked the walkway.  It made it hard for people to get drink refills and for the staff to empty the trash.   I wasn't crazy about the food runners yelling out people's name.  John 2 loafs, Janet 3 loafs, Pete 1 loaf.  What's a loaf?  I thought I was there to get chicken?  The shouting just added to the noise and commotion there.   On to the food.  I've never had Canes before.  Everyone was talking about it like it was some sort of Mecca of fried chicken.  I got a Box Combo that had 4 pieces of chicken, fries, coleslaw, toast and a drink.  $6.99  I suppose that's a decent value for the money.    The chicken strips is what we came for and I was expecting taste beyond biblical proportions.  They were OK.  I've had better strips from chain restaurants.  You could tell they were fresh, they were breaded there.  The breading was tasty, it certainly wasn't pre-made and frozen.  They were just average and they were a little on the small side.  They expect you to fill up on the other stuff I suppose.  The fries were absolutely nothing to write home about.  They were probably frozen.  Mine were mushy and had no real taste to them except salt.  The coleslaw was good, it could have used less dressing, but it's hard to make good slaw in huge batches.  And the toast.  That's their gimmick, it was good, light and fluffy and had a good taste.  Probably the best part of the meal.  Then there was the sauce.  I suppose if you just want to eat a cup of flavored mayonnaise, it was fine.  I had a few dips of it, but passed.  Canadians put mayo on their fries, not Americans!  To drink, I had their "Fresh sweet tea", I just knew it would be too sweet so I cut it 50/50 with regular tea.  It was good.  I could tell they didn't filter their water.  The ice had a weird taste and so did the tea.  When will restaurants learn they can't use tap water in Arizona?  There's not much here I would expect them to change, they are a chain restaurant.  They obviously have a following as was evident by the crowd.  My suggestion to management is put in some sort of system to tame that line.  Put a filter on your water and ice.  Otherwise, it was as good as I expected (which was 3 stars).  I'm sure my review won't sway you from trying this place.  I was curious about it like you.  I suppose I'm one of those people who just expects a little bit more out of their fast food dining experience.  There are plenty of other places around to consume 900 calories for lunch which will satisfy me better.
4 It's very good and the employees are great.  I'm going to be back soon!!!
2 I really wanted to like this place but I guess that's not going to happen. The food wasn't that great but the service was good.  The chicken was very dry and the fries were nothing special. And their special sauce is nothing special, it's just mayo, ketchup, and pepper. At least that's what it tasted like to me.  They don't have much of a selection. I think there only 3 different types of meals you can choose from. I wish they had some meals that have dark meat.  The Texas toast was the only thing that was enjoyable. It was fluffy and lightly toasted.  We went through the drive through and it took a very long time to get the food and then we almost didn't get our drinks. And then we get drinks and they aren't the right ones.   All the employees were very friendly. They get 5 stars!
2 Chicken fingers?   More like chicken nuggets.  For the nearly 7 dollars I spent I was expecting much more.  Pretty weak.
1 Soggy Chicken strips, AND THATS ALL THEY SELL! not impressed. Way over priced and the 31 cents it cost me extra  for the honey mustard ensured I'll never return. What a waste of a corner, too bad it's on the mesa side we cant afford another losing business.
5 Cane's is always great. no matter where you go.
4 I really like Cane's and now there is one just up the street from my residence. I like Raising Cane's, but my kids are raving fanatics about the place!   As with all new places, this one is not quite as good as the older brother located on University Ave. My recent midday family trip had our strips slightly tepid, orders slightly off and the fries just "meh". However the wait staff is trying hard as the infatuated rush rolls in.  We will be back, probably many times.  Don't forget to request your Cane' s Caniac Club Card! With this you can register your card on line and get a free Box Lunch, within several days, after signing up.   ...hey isn't that Chick Fila' , just up the street?  *^_^*
5 This is a great place for a simple Chicken Finger meal....... It had great fry's - dipping sauce- and fantastic service...... With all the fast food places around this place  really know how to treat a customer rights.  Great tasting food too ,
2 My expectations were high for Raising Cane's after a friend raved about the place. So maybe my review is a little harsh after the let down I recently experienced here. But all things considered, I don't plan on coming back to Cane's any time soon.  Atmosphere: it looks like they sent a 15 year old into Walmart and told them to go crazy. They have wood walls, steel chairs, and a disco ball. Movie posters from classics like "The Hangover II" hung up in one corner and fine art in the other. 1/5 stars  Wait staff: I guess the cashier was still in training because the manager was giving her a quick run through. The only problem was he came up to her right as I was coming up to order. They then l proceeded to ignore me for two minutes to finish their talk. After we ordered, the food took about 15 minutes to come out. So slow for fried chicken and fries!  Food: the chicken was good, but who messes up fried chicken. I got the 3 peice combo and I was a bit dissapointdissapointed in the proportions. I paid $7 for three chicken strips that were gone in two bites. These guys were tiny so if you are hungry expect to shell out at least $10 to fill up.
2 Decent, nothing special.
2 Not bad, but nothing special.  If you are going to specialize in only 1 item it should be GREAT!  The chicken fingers are average... Not bad but wouldn't go back.  The Texas toast was good
5 I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews? I was there on opening day and have returned several times since then. This place is busy! Service has never been slow, but lines are common due to the sheer number of people.  Any kinks associated with opening a new store seem to have been worked out. There are still crowds but service is on par with the other locations. The food is great, I love the lightly breaded chicken and the garlic bread.  Canes is like In n Out for chicken. All they sell is chicken, no burgers.
5 I heard about this place from a friend...and they were right.  The chicken strips, fried, coleslaw and,biscuit were AMAZING. Loves their sauce.  They give you so much food.  Looking forward to going again soon!!!
1 I was excited to see this place open up near my house.  I took my 6-year twins because they love chicken strips.  I was quite disappointed when we went.  The service is absolutely atrocious.  I believe employees should have fun where they work, but these kids took it to a new level.  Many of the employees were horseplaying, and were therefore very inattentive.  We sat in the dining room far from the front counter and could hear the employees yelling and singing very loudly (and badly).  Again, I don't mind employees having fun, but not at the expense of some degree of professionalism.  My kids liked the food, so if we ever come back (not likely), we'll go through drive-thru.
4 So THIS is where all the cool high school kids hang on a Friday night... I've never felt more like an old person. Hah! Cane's is great, it's something I go out of my way for when the chicken finger craving strikes. Love the Christmas Story theme they're rocking for the holiday.
5 Okay, so my first thought was dang this place is arrogant. Only offering their sauce, no bbq, no ranch, etc. After a few bites I was floored. This place is epic! The chicken was amazing, the sauce with the chicken is unbelievable, the service was awesome. I will definitely be back, too bad its such a drive for me :/
4 As far as fast food goes, I'm partial to the drive thru because it's convenient and I don't have to fight anyone for a table. I'd probably eat-in at this Raising Cane's again because the staff was ridiculously nice and friendly.  I came here with a friend on a Friday night and it was pretty busy with high schoolers just getting their evening started. Our food came out pretty quick and was lava hot which leads me to believe it wasn't just sitting under a heat lamp in the back. Anyway, if you know Cane's, you know their super secret crack sauce is the love/hate factor for patrons. Their chicken really isn't anything special flavor-wise, but that sauce. My god, that sauce.  Good sauce, great staff, good size meal for what you pay. I'll be back!
5 Awesome chicken. It is not frozen at all and tasted so good. Get extra sauce cause it is so good.
5 We were out driving around looking for a place for lunch. We saw the sign for Raising Cane's and had never heard of it. The amount of cars in the parking lot and the line for the drive up window brought us to try it. We were not disappointed at all. The energy  of the staff was a pleasure to see. We had the GM and other managers stop by to make sure everything was good. We loved the crispy coating on the chicken. We will go back again very soon. Yes it may be "fast food" but it was delicious!!
3 Chicken portion was small, menu pictures look much bigger. Chicken seemed to have been sitting in fryer too long. $20 for 3 combo meals not bad. Oh yeah... get some barbecue sauce.
2 Quick and friendly service at the drive thru. The chicken fingers are huge, more like strips, and fresh chicken breast meat. Unfortunately, that's where the positives end.   The only good part of my meal was the coleslaw, which is usually my afterthought and gets thrown out. The chicken was tasteless, as were the fries and watered down lemonade. The sauce? While I understand it's a hit, I HATE ketchup ... The sauce is mostly ketchup, mayo, and pepper ... Yes, I know there are other ingredients. BUT they really should offer alternative sauces since the food is so bland by itself.   I'd like to say I'll try something else next time, but just like no other sauces, they have no other food either lol.
5 The food is awesome and the customer  service is great! Fresh food every time we came. The staff is always cheerful and helpful. I never have even one bad experience with them. I go to this place at least twice a week. It opens until 11 or midnight unlike the time said on this page.
2 Went here yesterday with the hubby & son. It was pretty early so it wasn't busy, which was a plus. The staff was friendly which these days is hard to come by. The chicken fingers were pretty good & the toast was tasty. However, their special sauce was nothing special; none of us liked it. The basic mix is ketchup, mayo and some spices.......yuck. The honey mustard wasn't much better & if you want some, they charge you for it. They really need to add more dipping sauces because the 2 they have are not tasty. Would it really kill them to add a BBQ sauce or maybe some ranch? I will probably go back, but I'm definitely bringing my own sauce next time.
4 I have been to Tempe Raising Cane's, so nothing was surprising. But, this time I ordered 30 tailgate chickens. The chicken fingers here were crispy and much better quality than the other fast food chain. Also, the atmosphere was desirable for those who seek for the casual dining. I like the disco ball they put on the ceiling.   Although I went there around 10:30PM this place was busy with younger age people around 15-18 years old on Thursday night. I am not sure why they are eating this late... Anyway, I ended up waiting for 10 minutes until our foods comes in. I was impressed with their customer service. There were off duty employees lined up in front of me waiting for their food, but our ordered became the priority just like boarding on the airline as the first class passenger. Their customer service was excellent. However the ONLY REASON WHY I REDUCED ONE STAR  is because THEY FORGOT TO PUT THE FRENCH FRIES which was also my order. I found out about this later when I got to my house. Well, I understand that everyone makes mistake, so this time, I do not get that much upset at this since I liked their customer service.
4 Great food as always but dang dump the techno club music
4 I came here orders the 3 finger combo..comes with 3 fried chicken fingers,  crinkle fries, and a piece of garlic bread. The chicken itself was really good just a little oiler than I would like but definitely 100x better than KFC. They only have chicken fingers and chicken sandwich so if you want something different this isn't the place for you. Plus they have some tailgate options with larger portions for parties. But I would definitely come back.
4 Went here for the first time today, and just hit the drive thru.  I hit the 3 finger box, since I didn't know if the place was any good or not. Surprisingly,  it was better than I guess I had expected it to be. The fingers were large - bigger than most chicken strip you get at most places. Whole white meat chicken, with a crisp and light breading. Everything tasted fresh to me and I will return again.   ALLERGY NOTE: Asked the manager what they fry in, and he said it was a blend of canola and vegetable oil. They do not use peanut oil at all, so according to him there is no worries for peanut allergy sufferers.
5 Love these chicken strips! So yummy! I need a barrel of the canes sauce in my kitchen so I can dunk everything I eat in it! Never been inside. Always drive through but it's quick my order is always right & my food is still hot & delicious when I get it home to eat it!
2 This was my first time at a Raising Cane.  The employees were super friendly and welcoming.  They rate 5 stars!  The food, however, was disappointing.  Even though the chicken was very moist and tender, it lacked any special flavor.  It needs some seasoning.  The fries were on the dry, stale side, but the bread and coleslaw were very good.  The next time I'm hungry for chicken, I'll stick with KFC with a choice of side dishes.
3 Good stuff as long as you like chicken fingers and fries
2 Went in a few days ago for lunch. Had no expectations. Food is tasteless. You taste that something was fried and there is salt. Special sauce is nothing special. Fries are boring. Friendly place and they make a big effort to keep it clean. No reason to return but then again like most fast food no reason to not return if you are eating fast food
3 Super friendly staff with quick service. Family friendly atmosphere; I was there with my two girls.  Odd combo of chicken fingers and texas toast. Fries were good. Chicken is a bit too deep fried for my liking; the chicken taste is masked by the "fried" taste. Overall a nice alternative to a burger joint.
5 If you don't like chicken fingers, you aren't going to like this place.   Fortunately, I do. The chicken was moist and flavorful, with batter that wasn't greasy at all. The Texas toast was perfectly toasted and didn't have that weird microwave popcorn taste. Fries are crisp and taste really good too.  The sweet tea was excellent.   Clean restaurant, quick service and friendly staff.
4 I like the idea I like the simple menu been there several times the only downside is once in a while the chicken will be rubbery but that just depends on the chicken I guess
5 OMG where did this place come from moved from desert ridge area and lived in scottsdale in the past and never knew of this place. Basic like In and Out's menu only a few options but delish chicken. way way way better the KFC (never have been a huge fan of KFC) so I love this place. Have to try it at least once. If your a sauce fan then you will like the dippng sauce. drive through is quick and the dine in is kept clean and for a fast food for them to bring you your food I thought was really cool. HUGE fan will keep going back !!!!!!!!!
3 It's tough to give a fast food joint a high rating but these guys did a nice job.  Really a 3 1/2.  The drive thru was slow because they were making more food.  The chicken strips, fries and bread and were all very good.  Surprised actually.  Will be back.
4 This raising canes is good but it's not up to the quality of other canes. Maybe they haven't been open long enough but there are a few things the need to get in order to earn 5 stars.
3 Really good strips but no seasoning.  Fries are awful--think Oreida. Texas toast as a side is very soft and mushy.  Coleslaw is good.  Only choice of dip is their cane sauce which is mayo and ketchup.  Don't understand why there's no other vegetable choices, mac and cheese or something like applesauce.  Also, no hot sauce or buffalo sauce?!  Oh the lemonade is great though.  We mainly get the tailgate and lemonade and take it home so we can eat it with Frank's Hot Sauce..Yum.
2 Absolutely nothing special.  Their "signature" chicken fingers are OK but seriously bland...Chick-Fil-A is far better and so is KFC and even Carl's Jr.  It's hard to see how they compete with such mediocre offerings.  We tried the Box combo with Texas toast, cole slaw, fries and 4 fingers for $6.79.  I would have hoped their breading/batter was tastier or even spicier...anything to add more flavor.
4 Ate here for the first time tonight.  The menu consist of chicken fingers or a chicken sandwich meal.  I got the 3 pc chix finger meal for 5.99. It came with texas toast,  fries and dipping sauce plus a d drink.  I like how the chix is breaded and moist.  The sauce is really good.  The menu may be limited but I believe that is what helps the service to be quick. I like it and will return.
2 Stopped for dinner, not like the first time I went there!  Strips where small and dry, worst chicken strips ever!  Albertsons has Better chicken strips
2 I've been wanting to try this place for a while. I mean, even if it's fast food... it's a place that specializes in chicken fingers. That's pretty much all they do. So they have to have the most amazing, flavourful chicken fingers ever, right?   Nope. I mean, they weren't the most awful chicken fingers I've ever eaten - there was some moisture there - but they were bland. So disappointingly bland. The dipping sauce (thousand island dressing?) helped a little, but I won't be hopping back in my car to buy more. Popeyes is further away, but much tastier.
