5 I am surprised to see negative feedback as these guys work hard at treating people right and their work is really outstanding...
5 This review is overdue, but I'm finally getting around to it.  I heard about this shop through 98 KUPD. What attracted me to them was the deductible waiver. My car went through a severe sandstorm and had damage all over the vehicle from that. I sent them an inquiry through their website in the evening and received a call first thing in the morning.  They arranged to have my car towed in to their shop since I felt it unsafe to drive due to heavy chipping on the glass. They made sure to answer any of my questions and made the process very easy for me. They even arranged to have a different estimator look at my car since the one assigned by my insurance would take a week to get to it.  The shop was good about giving me regular updates on the vehicle as well as making sure that everything was done completely and correctly. My vehicle was returned to me in a very clean condition and the owner himself did the delivery.  Despite being across town from me, I would definitely use them again if needed.
5 I had a very minor accident, that caused quite a bit of damage to my 2014 ford. The appraiser estimated the damage and parts to be around $10,000. My car was towed into Legends and they began to fix her up. The first time they gave it back to me, the body was fixed but there were very minor mechanical problems still happening. Legends took my car back, no problem and paid for a rental car. When I received my car the second time, everything was fixed. John the owner, is a great guy who cares about his customers. Because my car is brand new the parts were hard to find, so there were some delays but that was not a problem. John drove me to school one day and dropped my car off at ASU later that day and even offered to let me drive his new personal vehicle for fun. Overall, my car has never driven better, and I didnt pay a penny. Legends is very professional, with great staff and a nice facility. I just reccommended a friend, and will continue to reccommend to anyone who needs their vehicle fixed. Thanks Legends!
2 Sorry so wordy but this was an extremely poor experience...  Went here for some work on my truck after hearing the ads all the time on KUPD. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the work that was done looked good. Other than that this was a ZERO star experience.   I went in for an estimate and spoke with Mike. I was given an estimate promptly and when I asked about turnaround time i was told five days. It was also made to clear to me at that time that the deductible does not fully get waived. Despite all of their advertisements they do not disclose in the ad that waiving the deductible to them only means discounting ten percent off the total. So if you have a high deductible or a lower cost repair, there's a good chance YOUR DEDUCTIBLE DOES NOT GET WAIVED!  When I was ready a couple weeks later I brought in my truck on Saturday, dropped it off with Lisa. This was the weekend before Fourth of July so I went in knowing that there may be a day or so delay.    I was told on Monday that they began tearing everything down, my insurance authorized and issued a check on Tuesday. I waited until the next Monday to check in, I was told that the truck would be done by friday afternoon or Saturday morning.  That's 10 days total, twice the time I was originally told. I received a call on Wednesday evening form Lisa and was told that my truck was just going into paint the next morning and was promised it would be done Monday morning.   Not hearing anything by 1030 on Monday I gave Lisa a call. I was then told that IF the truck was done that day it wouldn't be until 5-530. Luckily my truck did get finished that day, and told Lisa I would be there around 5 after I got off work. So I go to their shop in Mesa and the building now says Invisible Auto Body. A man inside tells me they moved...thanks for the heads up Lisa! I called her to say I'm gonna be late now and that she needed to say past closing time because I was not made aware they moved. She laughed to herself as she explained to me that I must not have received the email that got sent out with the moving info.   The most frustrating thing I hate about dealing with businesses of any type is having services over promised and under delivered. To go from being told five days for repair to waiting for 11 business days is unacceptable. To be promised it'll be done by a deadline and then to miss that deadline is unacceptable. This was a work truck and it needed to be in service.  Having Lisa laugh about me not knowing they moved was the topper.
