5 I was referred to Breanna about 6 months ago by my hair dresser and I am forever grateful.  I see her once a month for facials, peels, eyebrow tinting & waxing.  She is a consummate professional with extensive knowledge and training.   My aging skin (soon turning 55) has benefited immensely.  I highly recommend Healthy Skin AZ!
5 Breanna is the best esthetician I have ever encountered and I see her as my personal skin consultant.  I have been seeing Breanna for peels and facials for years and my skin has never looked better!  I had horrible acne as a teen and I have always been very self-conscious about my skin.  The first time I met with Breanna we went over all the skin care products I was using.  I had never had any esthetician actually sit down and go over my daily regime with me.  I had no idea that I was using many products to produce the same effect and I was able to eliminate many products from my normal regime and simplify my daily routine.    My goal has always been to have great skin without makeup.  I can now say that I get compliments on my skin when I am not wearing makeup!  Thank you Breanna!
5 Breanna is not only super talented at what she does, she is also one of the kindest people and cares about her clients and their skin.  I have been to other salons to have facials, etc and have very much felt like a number/someone to sell to.  She only recommends beauty items you need and is not pushy.  My skin has never looked so good! I would highly recommend her to anyone :)
5 As a man, it is not easy to ask for skin care advice even if it is blatantly clear we need it. I met two girls who talked about Breanna and told me that I must see her. I didn't take the advice initially but when I saw one of the women again, she urged me to go in. Her skin was great and she said it was because of Breanna, so I finally got up the nerve to go. I went and I couldn't be happier with the way my skin looks. I couldn't believe that after just a few appointments and her personal follow ups, I had no more break outs. And as I type this review (over a year after my first visit), my skin is completely clear!! She is magnificent!
5 Not only does Breanna provide the best customer service but I am seeing results and being educated on my skin. I haven't been a regular for long but just like having "your hairstylist" or "your nail lady" she is now "my esthetician!"
1 I do not give Breanna and Healthy Skin AZ more than 1 star. I have worked with her several times, and unfortunately she cannot be trusted and does not produce results I can endorse. I have used her personally and hired her for work functions and her behavior has left me to cancel all future appointments with her. If you are looking for someone honest and someone to trust (as I hope you would), I WOULD NOT recommend Healthy Skin AZ.
5 B magic is no joke ! My name is Rachael and I have spent so money on cosmetic services and high end products to battle my acne all my life . I was convinced I was just another girl who was victim to bad skin and bad genetics , before Brianna I was completely    prepared to do some seriously risky surgery to help with my skin problems  . B saved me with not only her extensive knowledge on all these products but also on the biology of skin . She has totally transformed my face and made me a life long client ! She truly is a saint of skin care with a beautiful personality and incredible patience  .
