5 My favorite Chinese restaurant in town!  In addition to their normal menu, they offer a very extensive list of authentic Chinese dishes, which are both delicious and high quality.  I think their chef is doing a great job, and I hope that they continue with their level of service and quality into the future.  If you have never tried more authentic Chinese cooking, do yourself a favor and reach out of your comfort zone a bit!  You will not be disappointed.  Many of the traditional dishes are spicier than some of my friends can handle, so if you're like them, don't be afraid to order the dish and ask them to tone down the heat a little.  Here's my history:  I tried the spicy eggplant, which was extremely fragrant and tasty, not to mention, beautiful.  The plate literally glowed purple, that's how fresh the eggplant was.  My friend ordered the Cumin Beef, which was also amazing.    11-8-13:  Ate there today and tried the black pepper chicken and the pork dumplings (both from the Chinese version menu), and both were amazing!  The pepper chicken reminded me of deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper that you'll find at some of the other more authentic Chinese restaurants in town.  And the dumplings were hand made!!  12-18-13: Ate there again today with others and we tried the cumin chicken.  AMAZING.  We also had the pork dumplings, which are just as good as the first time I had them.  They are a bit smaller now, but there are more of them, which I actually prefer.  At $6.00 for a plate full, it's a complete steal.  We also tried traditional (Chinese style) sweet/sour pork.  It was pretty good, but maybe a bit sweet for our tastes.   12-20-13: The black pepper chicken changed, it was mostly fried bread this time, a bit disappointing.  Hopefully it was just a bad batch this time.  But their spicy green beans delivered.  AMAZING, they do it better than anyone else in town, IMO.  Definitely one of my favorite dishes there.  I'm really loving the traditional Chinese menu here, and it keeps growing!  Check out my pics...
5 Got a quick bite while in town visiting friends, nice "IKEA style" interior I like, food is well made and fresh, LOVE the hand made dumpling!! Will come back again!~~
5 I was wondering what to eat yesterday and when I yelped around, I saw this attractive style place. Double 10, nice name, as a Chinese, I know what that means, it means perfect, and in here, I think "perfect＂is exactly for the food, oh yeah, and also the environment. I tried almost all the top 5 dishes here, and I can say they are amazing, from service to drink and food, that's kind of feeling that I went home and my mom cooked me those!
5 Here is a such bright & fashionable place! I like the style they have,it makes me feel warm n comfortable! So glad to know they grand opening! Almost forget to tell, they have wonderful food also!!! Especially dumplings!  Definitely Come back!
5 This is a decent restaurant. The food is freshly made.  The waitress is pretty. The renovation is cute. And I like the chinese dumplings they made. I think Double 10 is a good choice when it comes to chinese food. I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family.
3 The food was really just OK in my book. The Mapo Tofu is spicy(thankfully) but the Egg Drop Soup was surprisingly quite bland and tasteless(no salt). As others wrote - the inside decor is really nice. The service was very polite and professional. I feel like some of the other reviews are fakes(1 review, 5 stars and just for this place)
2 We loved this restaurant when it was Szechuan but then the food started getting bad and we stopped ordering. Then the restaurant became Double 10 and we decided to try it again and ordered the same thing - mongolian beef, chicken with broccoli and crab rangoons. To our surprise it was great! The crab rangoons were wrapped differently in thinner won ton wrappers and tasted delicious! And all the food was perfectly prepared.  Then we ordered again last night and it was horrible! Probably the worst Chinese food ever. The mongolian beef was chewy and resembled fat. The boneless spare ribs were lined in actual fat. And the chicken fried rice was tasteless. The chicken with broccoli was good but probably because it was mostly vegetables and no chicken. The crab rangoons were back to normal and tasted fine but not as good as the first time when we tried Double 10.  We were so disappointed and not going to risk spending $25 dollars again on bad food that we would rather throw away instead of saving for leftovers.  Maybe they have two chefs? We are not willing to keep ordering to find out.
5 Double 10 is a decent Chinese restaurant.  The food is freshly made and tasty.  I would recommend it to my friends and family.
5 I'm so glad that I just discovered such an adorable place in town!!! I like the decorations, they're so sweet!!! The most amazing part is that I can have some real Chinese food there.  I think Double 10 definitely gonna be my every day lunch spot!
5 Fantastic place. Clean and food is fresh. Taste good. The sour napa and the southeast bone are pretty good. Real Chinese food!
5 Wow! This is my go-to Chinese place. I've had the crab rangoon twice and it was perfect. The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth. The cream cheese filling was tasty. You get 8 for 4$. The house fried rice the second time was not quite as flavorful as the first time, but still had tons of meat and actually had pieces of onion and celery - very tasty. The egg foo young and the brown sauce was delicious. The moo shu vegetable was exactly as I expect my moo shu to be. The pancakes were thin and still moist, not dried out. I want to try the items off of the traditional menu next. The prices I think are very reasonable. I have eaten lots of Chinese food and I compare all the Chinese food I eat to the food I used to get at Danny Wong's Red Dragon in Minneapolis in the 80's. So far what I have had here actually seems on par with the Red Dragon in their heyday.  I am so happy to have found the Double 10. I hope that they can maintain consistency with their cooks as I believe that probably accounts for the most negative review that I saw here.
5 As I never order from its American-Chinese food menu, this review is limited to the authentic menu written on a piece of paper in the restaurant. Same menu is shown on the website as "traditional Chinese food."  Double 10 is a long-awaited addition to the increasingly diverse Chinese food scene in Madison. Most "authentic" Chinese restaurant serve Szechuan/Sichuan food (spicy)--places like Fugu, Soga, and Ichiban; while some serves Cantonese/Guangdong cuisine--like Wahkee or Lee's Garden on the west side. These restaurant are all good, verified (by myself) as "authentic", but in a way, lack of menu diversity.  And then, Double 10 brings something entirely different to Madison--cuisine hauled from northeastern China. In two visits, we had "slide pork", "pork with sour napa", "pork with dry bean curd" etc. They were items not found in any other Chinese restaurant in Madison, and of course, all very delicious.    When we visited, almost every table ordered "North East Flavour Pork Bone" and that is something we aim for in our next visit.   The staff was friendly. The dining area is a bit small, but good enough for small group gathering. The price is very reasonable, too. I hope they stay in business for long.
4 Madison has way too many mediocre-at-best Chinese takeout & delivery places. Double 10 is a little takeout joint (with like 4 tables if you want to eat in) that actually tries to put out good food.   I've mostly gotten stuff from the traditional Chinese food menu and it's been reliably tasty. Nice dumplings made from scratch. Hot garlic pork is HOT. And tasty. But be careful. One time I accidentally knocked the container of left over hot garlic pork off the kitchen counter and on to the floor and I was NOT happy. Because it's good.
5 Went back to Wisconsin to visit a friend and they took me to this restaurant as they say it was one of the best. People are very nice and everythings really good, if you are in LA, then it would probably just be one of the many good Chinese restaurants, but in Wisconsin, i would definitely say go try it ! Really is THE BEST you can find in the area!
5 Ok, I've been living in Madison for over a year, and had been trying to find a place with decent but inexpensive chinese food. Fugu was ok, but overpriced and their delivery is slow. Ichiban seemed just ok. I've tried others with no luck. Finally I tried double 10, and I'm soooooo happy! It's really good, but also way cheaper than anything else I've found in town. I really liked the garlic sauce they have. They also had super fast service. This is my new go to Chinese place!
3 Not bad for traditional Chinese in madison, but nothing too special either. The Kung pao chicken (traditional) is the closest I've had to real Sichuan Kung pao. Decent spice level and a good blend of ingredients: peanuts, celery, peppers, and spicy chicken.   The traditional dumplings;  however, are a total waste. Thick skin (which is fine if they have enough filling) had sparse fillings and were very bland.   I'd stick to traditional Chinese menu and stay away from the dumplings.
4 We have gluten sensitivity in our family and they made fried rice without soy sauce for us. Very accommodating and friendly about it.
4 Hot Garlic Eggplant- not super spicy, but, oh sooo delicious! If you've haven't tried sweet'n'sour eggplant, eggplant w/ fish sauce, or really any eggplant dish from an authentic Chinese restaurant, do yourself a favor and try it!  Pork with Dried Bean Curd- this had plenty of spice, and was very good.  Both dishes came w/ small rices. Delivery was quick (30min). Food was hot, ample, and the closest thing to the best Szechuan Chinese food I've had at Seattle's Sichuanese Cuisine (recommended by a friend from Szechuan province), and St. Paul's Little Szechuan.  Please order off the "Traditional" menu, as Madison has far too many average American Chinese restaurants (I'm looking at you Imperial Garden), and could use a little "authentic" competition.
4 The location of this place is not easy to miss. It is right opposite whole foods, nice place for a quick stopover before/after grocery shopping. Or just whenever I feel like having some authentic northeastern chinese cuisine. From the outside, however, it looked small (well, it is small), so I almost didn't want to give it a try, thinking that it is just another american-chinese fast food place. But was I wrong!   My first visit was on a rainy day, when we didn't feel like traveling far, and hence stopped in Double 10. My review is based on their local chinese menu/specials, b/c I haven't tried any of the american-chinese type food. I tried their kung pau chicken, shredded potatoes, fried noodles and rice, fish sauce egg plant, moo shu pork and the four season green beans. The dishes are very authentic. My boyfriend, who grew up in northeastern china, endorses their food too.   As this is a largely family-run restaurant, and because the dishes are made to order, they are very good at customizing your dishes the way you want it. You can customize the level of spiciness, saltines, substitute rice for noodles etc. This is also the time to be creative. If there is a dish you want that is not on the menu, feel free to tell them about it, and they will make it for you.   The bonus is that they carry fresh home made chinese dumplings with a variety of fillings, including a vegetarian option. Those dumplings are kind of pricey compared to the other items on the menu, but they are home made, so I would say that is a great trade off. But it depends on how much you are willing to fork out for your meal.   This is a great place and a great addition to Madison, where traditional northeastern chinese food does not easily come by. For the adventurous people out there who are curious about northeastern chinese food, there is no better place to start than double 10, who are great at listening to what you want and then making it for you. One small note, seating is very limited, only about 5 tables, so ordering ahead and getting it to go is the safest bet, or you can get them to deliver straight to your door.
5 My favorite Chinese restaurant in Madison.  Authentic menu is awesome... Service is awesome and super nice.  Small dining area is comfortable and homey. Love this place.  Eggplant w/garlic is amazing.
5 The food was good, and the portions were generous, but the decoration was lacking; it has a strong teen-girl-in-Ikea vibe. Still, if a restaurant's only fault is the decor, you know it's good.
5 I ordered the lunch to serve 20 people for my graduation talk on Dec 2013. They delivered on time. And the food are great. Most of my talk attendee told me they like the food and ask me to share the address.
4 Fourth time here and the food is so delicious. Tonight I'm having the Garlic Chicken which is virtually perfect. My son is having the Traditional Kung Pao Chicken which is too spicy for me but the flavor is wonderful.
