5 This company really helped me out when I was in a bind due to another moving company no showing. Michael sent over two guys to help us move within an hour of me calling. The guys that helped us move were professional, courteous, and took great care with my belongings. I can't thank this company enough for the last minute help that they provided and I wouldn't hesitate at recommending this company to anyone moving in the valley.
5 As with the last reviewer Anna - these guys saved our hides in a pinch. They showed up day of and helped us finish packing our pod (we hadn't gotten as far on our own as we'd hoped and in 2 hrs they were able to accomplish what my husband I had done in a few days). They were great and willing to help pack boxes and move furniture - even our stand up freezer!!! You should know that they do not provide a truck - they are just packing and unloading help, but well worth the money (and a fraction of the price of some of the other local moving companies).
5 We were so impressed with the two movers (Luke and Will) who helped to move my parents to Sun City. They arrived early and jumped straight to work. They were friendly, courteous, efficient, and just straight up super hard workers. They did tons of heavy lifting, loaded at the old house, and unloaded at the new home. We were able to schedule them with just one days notice. We had planned to pay them for two and a half hours time, they worked so quickly we were only charged for two hours. Couldn't have had a more positive experience and would hire A to Z again in a heartbeat.
5 This past weekend I had to move. It happened to be a Saturday and March 1st. I was having trouble finding movers at a reasonable price that had decent reviews online.  I came across A To Z Valley Wide Movers and I am so lucky I did.   The guys who moved my house showed up 15 minutes early. It was basically like torrential downpour which is super rare in Phoenix. These guys didn't care and were ready to go. Great positive attitudes!  They were careful with my things and worked fast. We were able to move everything in one load and  finished in 2 hours.   I was really nervous and stressed out about moving. I just want to say a big thank you for helping me out and taking such good care of my belongings.   I will def be referring anyone I can to you.   Thank you!
5 Five stars is not enough for this amazing crew. The way they sprinted back to the truck after dropping off their load was just incredible. Their work ethic blew me away and they couldn't have been nicer.  Don't even hesitate to call these guys. Affordable and absolute prime service!   Thank you guys for knocking it out of the park!
5 These fantastic gentlemen were courteous and phenomenally hard working. They constantly updated me with status reports and weren't afraid to ask questions or offer suggestions when the situation called for it. I would recommend this company for that alone, but to add the low cost of service, I can't imagine why anyone would use another moving service.
5 These guys are Excellent movers, they helped me move yesterday and I am writing a review today, By this one can see how happy i am to use these professionals.  We had lot of stuff to move and very heavy boxes and these guys moved everything in very less time and didn't break anything, everything was in perfect condition after the move. Their pricing is very decent  and actually less than all the movers i called before them in the valley.  I would highly recommend A to Z movers.
5 We had the pleasure of using A to Z Valley Wide Movers to help us unload our pods from a cross country. They were very experienced, fast, and professional. We even finished up early!  I would strongly recommend using them for your move.
5 These guys moved us yesterday and did an exceptional job! They were so quick and very careful with our stuff. I couldn't believe they got our three bedroom home packed into the truck in two hours. They unloaded at the new place even faster! I highly recommend this company and will absolutely use them again.
5 Zach and Tremaine are two of the hardest working guys I have ever met. I was amazed at their speed and impressed with their courteousness and professionalism. They smartly loaded a 26 foot truck in just under 2 hours with no room to spare.  It was like having a couple friends help you move but those friends only have one speed; full throttle.
5 Mando and Nate were our movers and did a great job loading our pod. We will use them again when we unload it in a few months. The owner replied quick to my emails as well. Great service. Thanks guys
5 Perfect all the way.  Luke and Alex hardest most professional workers ever!  I will always recommend and only hire this company for now on.  Couldn't believe how well this experience was for my family.
5 Wednesday 07/02/14 we needed help unloading our 26' foot truck last minute. The 2 young men who came to unload this beast were the best ever. Steven and Tyler worked very hard, fast and efficiently. I tried to get them to take a 10 minute break to cool down since it was extremely hot outside. That was a no go so I made sure I gave them some gatorade and waters.   We have some very heavy expensive bedroom furniture and they made sure they took care of each item without hitting or scratching the walls. I'm very grateful that I was able to have them come do this at the last minute. I will definitely use A to Z when it comes time to move and will also recommend them to family and friends.    Thank You So Very Much :)  Cynthia and Sean
5 Jason and Adam just moved us into our 3rd floor apt this morning and I literally couldn't wait to leave a review! BEST MOVERS I'VE EVER HAD!!! So nice, courteous and fast! I will never use another moving company. Hands down the best!
5 Ryan and Steve helped me out this morning unloading a 16' truck. I had just driven it from Oklahoma to Scottsdale and was exhausted! They did an amazing job, were super fast and very polite. I would recommend them to anyone, and will definitely give them a call should I ever have to move again. Great job guys!
5 Best moving experience I have ever had. Showed up on time, got the job done as quickly as possible. Zach and Tremaine worked extremely hard and efficiently and provided a first-class service.   Full transparency, I moved twice in one month and wished I used A to Z the first time as well. They did the move for 25% as much as the first movers did. These guys are very honest and actually came in under the estimated price.
5 Outstanding service! After several bad experiences with service oriented Groupons I was skeptical about trying another one. This company went above and beyond my expectations. The two workers showed up early and before I could finish pointing out what I wanted moved they had a third of the truck already loaded. They were fast, knowledgeable and very professional. They loaded my truck, I drove to the new house and they unloaded all in under two hours! I would highly recommend this company to my family and friends and if I ever have to move again these guys are the first and only call I'm going to make for movers.
