5 This place has the best pizza in town. I was very impressed. We ordered the deep dish pepperoni and sausage pizza. The deep dish pizza was abundant in size. We were full by our first piece. We also ordered a caprese salad - another great addition to the menu. The ingredients were fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5 We were there for the soft opening tonight and even then, best pizza in QC is Buddyz! Its a Chicago style restaurant (though the quality does not drop off at all with their thin crust) so we had the deep dish BBQ chicken -- WOW! Excellent ingredients. Great taste. Best part was the crust -- crispy and not a hint of sogginess at all! The 10' was enough for my wife & me, and there are even 2 slices leftover for lunch tomorrow. We also enjoyed the boneless wings, and our friend shared his onion rings, which were phenomenal! I'd absolutely recommend this place. Well worth the drive!
5 I've had a lot of good pizza in my life, but this by far as to be the best I've had.  The folks at Buddyz are very nice and treat you like family when you come in.  Will definitely be returning!!!  Can't beat true Chicago style deep dish!!
5 Great Crispy crust. I dig the sauce too. I am a thin crust NY pizza guy, but I am going to binge on this stuff for a while.  5 stars
5 I don't have any reference for what good Chicago style pizza should be, but this was really good pizza! The ingredients were great, everything was fresh and flavorful. We ordered a traditional deep dish and loved it! Could barely get through two slices. The staff was very friendly and made great recommendations to make our experience the best. They have a pretty good beer selection, the only downfall is there's nothing on tap. Overall very happy to have a quality place in our neighborhood that is not a corporate chain restaurant or fast-food. Get out there and support these guys, we want them around for a longtime. Definitely will be one of our regular spots.
4 Please try this place if your out in the QC area.  We really have enjoyed our pizzas, both chicago style and thin crust.  Excellent!  Their calimari appetizer is wonderful, and their garlic cheese bread is great too. Nice place with a great selection of craft beers, run of the mill beers, and a great wine selection. prices are reasonable in my opinion.  We have dined in and have done the carry out, and have been very happy either way.
5 Delicious.  Very good pizza.  Had the Butter Thick Crust pizza.  Could really taste the crust which is rare.  Well done.  Interesting selection of beers too.
5 As a native Chicagoan currently living in Oregon, I can say that this is the best pizza I've had in either Arizona or Oregon. More importantly, it is authentic Chicago style (unlike many that make false claims of authenticity) and absolutely delicious. Friendly staff and owners, along with goose island on the beer list, make this a true respite for Midwesterners seeking a taste of home. Go here. Now! Oh, and please open one in Portland.
5 We moved from the Chicago area and this takes me right back after only 1 bite. Excellent fresh homemade sauce and fresh mozzarella our new go to pizzas place for sure!!!
5 Pat and I have tried many many pizza places in many many states and this has dethroned all of them. Best deep dish everything is spectacular.
5 Great pizza, great service, i will definitely return and recommend Buddyz Pizza! It is worth the drive as it is a bit out of the way. We tried the thin crust pizza and it was very good, cheesy and hot, the sauce has great flavor. The service was quick and friendly.
5 Only been to Chicago once, but I can say I've tried several different butter crust style pizzas and enjoyed each. Create your own style has many interesting choices.  As for service, was greeted with a smile from a gentleman and was allowed table of my choice to view one of several TVs with a sports channel on. The only one seasoned waitstaff did an incredible job of greeting right away, getting drinks, explaining specials, she always had a smile on throughout the evening. She explained that all food was prepped only when ordered , which I can appreciate the time needed for our delivery. Food was served correctly and very hot. We all enjoyed each pizza and decided we will return on a regular basis! Glad we have such a great product in our community that is family owned and operated. Hoping for a successful future.
3 I would recommend take-out.   First time here and probably won't be back.  Food was very good, however understaffed.  Literally waited 10 minutes for drinks after ordering them.  The 1 waiter for the entire restaurant came back to check on us maybe once.  Had to take our check to the cash register to get out of the place.    Kids were running wild all over the restaurant. We'll stick with take out.
5 I love this pizza! Did the thin crust. Nom! Nom! The calamari was light and made in-house. SE Valley has a real pizza place.
5 Just moved to Arizona from Chicago. All it took was one bite and it took me back to Chi Town. Can't wait until my next visit. Don't change a thing! PS Did I mention that the staff is also awesome!?
5 Deep dish pizza was soooo delicious! The best ever. Calamari was a giant serving and yummy. Enjoyed spaghetti and meatballs too. Lots of leftovers! Come early because it gets busy.
4 The deep dish pizza is good.  I prefer Oregano's sauce (which is spicier) but this sauce is probably more authentic.  The specialty pizza options were interesting.  I got takeout so could not comment on the service.  Overall I would not hesitate to return if I was in the area.
5 I can honestly say that being a native of Chicago I give their deep dish pizza two thumbs up and after I sampled some my son's Italian beef sandwich these people know how to do Chicago food right.
5 Awesome place. I can now say for the first time in my life I am a fan of Chicago style pizza. Go check this place out!
3 We came with some friends the first time and ordered the deep dish pizza.  It was very good and we're not thick crust people. The pizza took about 45 minutes but it was worth it.  So we decided to come back the 2nd time with some friends. But this time there were a communication error between the waitress and the order didn't get put in.  We waited an hour and our friends' pizza came and ours still didn't.  We waited and waited and asked and they said there were a mistake and they said it will be out in 15 minutes(from three different people three different time) but wasn't.  They did offer an appetizer to us while the pizza was cooking.  We said no the first time and decided to get the calamari when they came back again.  A few minutes later they came back and told us they were out of calamari.  So we told them forget it.  Finally our pizza came out more than 21/2 hours later. It was good pizza and we thought they would have offer a discount or something for waiting patiently that long but they told us that they did offer to give us some appetizer earlier and did nothing.  A little disappointed in the service and how they handle that whole situation. They sure need some improvement in customer service even if they have great pizza.
5 Being from Chicago - of course I had to try Buddyz after reading the reviews. I was a bit skeptical because there are plenty of places in AZ claiming to have "Chicago" deep dish, but those place have failed to deliver anything close.   We decide to try Buddyz, after giving them a bit of time since opening. We got there and the place was already packed - we sat at the bar (wound up being a good decision since we got to talk to one of the owners who also gave great beer selections....did I mention they have a nice small but well selected selection of brews?? - GOOSE ISLAND too!)  We put in our pizza order asap - since we knew deep dish would take a while...and then had a caesar salad to start off the meal. The salad was good not great but a nice start.   The pizza came....and WOW the pizza was super good - and that was hard for me to say since I LOVE my Chicago pizza. They have truly brought deep dish to AZ! Can't wait to go back.  PS - sure the service was slightly slow - but they are new...and still working out some kinks but the food is worth it
5 The deep dish pizza was the best I have ever had. The chicken wings with the buffalo sauce were delicious. Good food, not bad prices, I'll be going back soon.
2 Personally was not impressed.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and nobody greeted us as we walked in, it took a good 5 minutes for the waitress to give us a menu and another 5 minutes for her to ask on drink orders.  My husband and I both ordered iced tea, which was either instant or soured, but either way it was the worst iced tea I've ever had (and that's all I ever order out so I've had my fair share), horrifically sour.    My husband ordered the boneless wings with hot wing sauce, which he felt the sauce was way too bland and was not spicy at all.  I ordered the Italian beef sandwich, which I admit was very good, and we ordered a small pepperoni pizza.  We asked if we could get hand-tossed crust, our waitress said yes, but what came out looked like deep dish to me.  Not sure if there was just a mix up or if that's what they consider hand-tossed or what the issue was.  The pizza was okay, but was definitely not the hand-tossed we were looking for.  Took FOREVER to get our food (I actually thought they forgot about us, but then kept thinking we're the only ones there, how could they?).  Food was also brought out at different times, which really shouldn't happen (at least not at drastically different times with 10 minutes or so in between).    Now, my son had ordered milk for his drink.  Eventually after our glasses sat empty for way too long, the waitress finally came over to ask if we wanted refills on drinks, we did.  She asked our son (a child mind you) if he would like a refill on his milk, he stated yes please.  She comes back and apologizes that they ran out of milk, so the 1/2 glass or so was his refill because they did not have anymore.  That was fine, completely understand.  BUT, upon receiving our bill, we find that she charged for his refill.  Apparently they charge for refills on milk, which is fine, however when you ask a CHILD, "Would you like a refill?"  And never state to the parents (or anybody) that the refills on milk are additional fees, that is not good business practice in my opinion.  He didn't finish the refill, which I figured he would not, so I would have told her water would probably be best.  It took forever to get our food and get out of there, so I did not feel like debating the issue, however, very poor business practice.  We felt very ignored the entire time we were there, again considering we were the only ones in there.  The only time we were "greeted" warmly was when we were leaving!    In commenting on their Facebook page on another comment (to which many replies were stating how great the establishment was), my comment that we were personally disappointed as deleted and no outreach of an apology, just excuses.  I understand the place is small and just starting up, BUT, we were the only customers in there.  Service shouldn't be poor, and food should not take forever when a family of 3 are the only customers.  I do wish them the best, however, we definitely will NOT be returning to this establishment.
4 We moved from the burbs of Chicago...  Food great, prices good, one server for restaurant and she hardly looked over to us.  It was sad that is what I took away from our first time there.   Manager tried to help as he could.   But deep dish was great!
5 Best pizza in Arizona. Arizona had been waiting for this for a long time!!  We were customers in IL and the owners have kept up the exact same quality and service!!  We didn't want to move back to IL to have great pizza!!!  Thank you Buzzyz for always delivering a superior product.
4 This is good pizza. Quit going for all that bullshit Pizza Hut and Dominos and open your hearts and mouths.   To you folks from Chicago, is this Lou Malnatis? Nope. Not nearly spicy enough sausage and the use crumbled sausage and not the patty but it's as close as you will get in AZ!  Get the butter Crust Deep Dish, its not on their menu but ask for it. Why they left it off the menu I have no idea. Get it loaded with MEAT. If you go with the Vegetarian pizza just get it with meat still and quit being stupid.   ::::DONT CALL MIDGETS MIDGETS. THE PREFERRED NOMENCLATURE IS LITTLE PEOPLE.:::: now back to the story   The beer deals here are great and much appreciated. Thanks Buddy! z?  The service is flat and sterile like most of the people in this part of Phoenix. So just go with it. The atmosphere is like Motzah Ball soup, very bland.  have fun
1 I tried Buddyz Pizza for the first time. I ordered a takeout thin crust with pepperoni.  The sauce was good, the cheese was good, it had just enough pepperoni. Although I will never understand why some pizza places cover the pepperoni with cheese.   The failure was in the crust. It was thick and chewy as a cardboard delivery box. Most of the reviews I read talk about the Chicago style pizza.  I will give them another try and try the Chicago style. Hopefully with better luck.
5 Went there and had the meatball sandwich and it was GREAT! Homemade sauce and balls are always the best. My son had the pepperoni and peppers pizza. Took the leftovers home and they did not make it thru the night. Just a reminder they are only open for dinner.
5 The food here was AMAZING! We started with the fried mozzarella. Now, I normally do not prefer to order fried mozzarella as it is often undercooked and still cold in the center or just not melted. Buddyz mozzarella is nothing like that! It is hand breaded in slices and perfectly melty! Next the pizza is fabulous we got the medium type crust and it was so delicious and filling. This is officially our new favorite pizza place!
5 Well- here we go... best restaurant in Queen Creek, by far. From service to quality of food I haven't experienced better. I have eaten far more pizza in my life than I am willing to admit, and if you are in the area, or looking for a place worth the drive, Buddyz it is.
4 Decided to trust the reviews and head to QC to try some new pizza. After finally finding it in the dark, unlit parking lot, we waited to be seated. With about 6 tables open. A sign of problems already. Either not enough servers or note enough kitchen staff to manage the entire ( yet small) dining room. Keep in mind it was Saturday night. How can you not be fully staffed?  Sat, ordered drinks and cheese garlic bread. Got drinks and then waited. And waited. Emptied drinks. And waited and waited and waited. 32 minutes later the waitress asked if we wanted more drinks. We said yes but asked about the garlic bread. She actually said "let me see if it's ready". Well it was ready. And dead. Room temperature. Kids wee so hungry they ate it anyways. And waited and waited and got teary eyed for the smoky air after a pizza burned. Then waited and waited while we watched one pie go back to the kitchen and the table next to us eat over napkins because they never got plates or silverware. At this stage we went even mad. Just sad. Not even enough staff to complain to. And then the pizza came and damn it if it wasn't really good. Good enough to deal with the most horrible sevice and atmosphere I've experienced in years. Next time I'll order takeout, bring my own plates, and eat on the dusty picnic tables outside.
5 Amazing Chicago style pizza! Even Lou Malnatti's (my former all time favorite pizza) can't top this. Everybody in the group I brought for dinner commented that they are telling all their friends to try it.
3 Gotta update this review unfortunately after trying the Thin Crust.  It was HORRIBLE. Absolutely they should just remove it from the menu.  We decided to give it a go, got a Sausage and Bacon, after being promised it would be better than Rosatis thin and Oreganos. No chance. We had to send it back and ask for it to be removed from our tab. The crust was like cardboard and you could barely bite through it.  On the upside, the Penne pasta with meat sauce was fantastic.  If you come for Pizza, stick with the Butter Crust Deep Dish.
5 Saw an add for a true Chicago pizza.  Took some neighbors who are Chicago transplants and tried the place out.  It was great.  Wonderful pizza, had the thin crust, and neighbors thought the same.  Talked to one of the owners and he explained that most ingredients used are shipped in from Chicago.  Other owner comes from long line of restaurant ownership in Chicago. Food so good my wife and have been back within a couple days of the first visit.  A bit out of the way and nothing fancy but well worth the trip.  Also, I'm from Chicago area and have to say that every place there has their own style just as here, so it's unfair to say this is not true Chicago pizza.
5 Buddyz just found some more buddies; we will be back many times to eat their delicious pizza!   We had the Sears Tower, and it was so good.  Lots of delicious craft beer on tap (I recommend the Summer Chandy).  It's a hole-in-the-wall location, but don't let that deter you.     The thick crust was so buttery!  One slice was plenty of food, so save yourself some money and skip the appetizers.  The drinks seemed pricey - $2.50 for a Pepsi???- so next time I'll skip those and just drink the beer!  ;)
3 We have dined in a few times and done carry out several times and the food has always been extraordinary and they have great craft beer selection!!!! However tonight we dined in and everything was going great until we were completely done with food and drinks and waited 30 minutes for our bill with a fussy one year old. Our server had a party of 15 alone plus 2 other tables so she was very busy but a customer should not have to wait because they are understaffed. When the manager asked how everything was we explained our long wait and his response was "0h sorry, come back and we'll try to do better next time". We were disappointed with his response. As the food is excellent we will be back but only for carry out.
2 Buddyz is an okay place to eat deep dish pizza, but Buddyz used to be Mambo's and Mambo's used to be JJ's. If this were a review about JJ's I would give a 5 and if this were a review about Mambo's I would give it a 4. But its not either of those its Buddyz. Buddyz does not get a 3, but they get a 2.   First off, the food was so-so maybe not even. The pizza my family ordered was burnt and the crust was as hard as a rock. The only good thing we ate there was the calamari and even that wasn't as good as a fast food restaurant. The soda tasted like soda-water and tasted really salty. And the staff! Or should I say the owners! They started yelling and cursing at one of the waitresses as everyone looked at them and they said things that would make me wanna go cry about. She quit, which I don't blame her for doing, and she stormed out. I miss the old JJ's and Mambo's with a nicer staff, better atmosphere, and better food. All I can say is that I hope the owners sell this place and I'd honestly rather eat at Peter Piper Pizza. They need alot of improvement before they are there.
5 This is definitely a hidden gem in Queen Creek.  I have eaten at some great pizza establishments all over the valley and in other cities, and without doubt Buddyz offers some of the best.  I take my wife and 2 kids there more than I would like to admit and not once have I been disappointed.  We always get the butter crust, which is absolutely fabulous, as is the deep fried mozzarella with marinara sauce.  They also offer very flavorful sandwiches and pasta dishes.     You won't be overly impressed by the atmosphere (not that there is anything wrong with it) - it is perfect for family's and large groups.  TVs on the wall typically has sports on, so as a guy it's hard to ask for more - family, sports, and great pizza!
5 I have been in Arizona 5 yrs and by far my favorite pizza place. My wife is from Chicago and loves the deep dish. I am from NW Indiana and I have to say the thin crust tastes just like home. The crust is perfect with the outside being a little crispy.   This place is worth the drive :)
5 We were absolutely so impressed with the food here!  We used to have a Chicago style "stuffed crust" pizza place we loved in Ca,, so our expectations were huge and surprisingly surpassed by Buddyz. The crust was cooked to perfection and not overly soggy like most deep dish pizzas in this style. The sauce was flavorful, toppings and cheese abundant, and the pizza was not watery. Fantastic!  We also ordered traditional buffalo wings, which were perfect. And, the beer selection was abundant and served ice cold. There was a slight hiccup in the service early on, but it was corrected quickly, and we had no issues even though the restaurant became crowded after that. It was overall a great pizza restates in experience and we will be frequent patrons.
4 My wife and I just tried this and really enjoyed the place. They are definitely a hidden gem. They offer an impressive drink selection from various breweries including some Midwest greats such as Bells and Goose Island. I was particularly impressed that they offered any pizza on a gluten free crust. We both really enjoyed our pizzas which were delicious!   The only reason this isn't a 5 star review was because of slow service. Our drink orders were taken immediately and arrived quickly, but then it took 20 minutes for our server to come back to take our order. A family that was seated 10 minutes after us even had their order taken sooner. After having our leftover pizza boxed, after 10 minutes, i had to ask for it because it hadn't come back to our table. The slow service seemed isolated to one server as others seemed very efficient. One even eventually stopped by our table as she must have felt bad for us. We were in a hurry and our total visit was two full hours which made us late to a concert. To their credit, without even asking, they comped our drinks for the night and apologized for the slow service.  With this hopefully just a one-time service issue, I would highly recommend this place and will definitely visit again.
5 FANTASTIC PIZZA!!   We are here once a week. (No joke)   We've had both the thin crust  & deep dish with the yummy tomatoes on the top, love them both. Calamari is hard to pull off without being chewy but somehow they have it figured out. Very good!  Don't know much about the sandwiches because we crave the pizza when we get there.  The place is friendly, clean, prices are super reasonable and loving the décor they are putting up.
5 Love this place, great pizza!!  Great prices, clean, friendly staff, dine here once a week.
4 Great little Chicago pizza joint.  Pizzas are fantastic.  We have tried both the Butter and thin crusts.  Perfection on both counts.  And the beef sandwiches are the best around.  Nice varied selection of beer and wines.   Definitely recommend you give Buddyz a try.
5 Thank goodness this location has good food! This is the 3rd restaurant in this location in the 2 years we have lived nearby. Buddyz's has great food and service. I would recommend it to all my friends. Best pizza around!!!
5 This place, let me tell you, rocks.  Listen I'm an east coaster raised on NY and NJ style pizza.  I might say this place converted me to Chicago style.  The deep dish is awesome.  Do what I did and just add whatever toppings you like.  My wife ordered a specialty out first time and didn't like it, but ever since she's liked her choices.  We've been there about 4 times now.  Gets better every time.  The deep dish crust is the perfect crunch.  The sauce is awesome and fresh and the toppings are perfect.  I love a place that has real sausage and not the slices or rolled up balls.  I've never eaten there I get it to go always because we have little ones, but there are always families with kids there.  The owner is a really cool guy and will stop and have conversation with you.  Only get the deep dish.  Don't get the thin crust and complain.  You'll notice everyone reviewing poorly had the thin crust.   This is a mainstay and I wouldn't be surprised if more start popping up in the valley.
5 This is the PIE you've been looking for. There are many places that advertise Chicago pizza. This is the only place that delivers. Worth the trip.
5 Chicago style pizza.  Not just Chicago branded - but real Chicago style deep dish.  Great sauce, Good crust (compared to say, Lou Malnoti's).    If you dainty new york style - pizza bianca in Phoenix, but if you want real Chicago pizza this is the only place to go. The Italian beef sandwiches are also excellent.   Oh, and the Calimari is also top notch - tender and crispy.
5 The pizza is excellent! Being from Chicago, I know my pizza & this is some good quality pizza! If you're in the area, definitely take the time. If not, take the trip!
5 Have eaten here a few times.  The Chicago deep dish is really good.  The sauce is really, really good and the crust has great flavor.  I have only tried the deep dish, they also have butter crust and thin crust but i cant speak to those.  The place has been a couple other restaurants that all have failed.  We hope this one makes it as it is one of the better places (if not the best) in QC for pizza. The co-owner is typically on site and seems friendly. The other owner has pizzeria(s) in Chicago.   They have a bounce back card that gives you discounts for coming back.  The sooner you return, the more the discount, clever. The interior is nothing to write home about good or bad.  Plenty of TVs to watch a game (bad news is no volume).  The only real downer of the place is the lighting. IT'S SOOO BRIGHT INSIDE. it's literally like dining in a hospital surgery room.  Every table has SPOT lights over them ...like super bright ones.   Every time I have had dinner there I've could over hear tables around me complaining about the lighting to themselves as well, so I know it's not just me, my family, or others I've taken there.  If they made it a little dimmer inside it, would feel like a whole different place to dine at.  The salad dressings are homemade and also very good. ********Update 7/24/2014 **********  lighting situation taken care of.  Thanks!!!
2 Felt compelled to try this place based on all of the 4 & 5 star reviews but honestly can't agree.  Tried the butter crust pizza, spaghetti and sausage sandwich with onion rings and all were, at best, mediocre.  The pizza is very doughy and the sauce is very salty...edible but not really memorable.  The location is off-the-beaten path, so if you're in that neighborhood go down the street to The Deli, which is a fantastic hidden gem of a restaurant.  For pizza, we'll stick to Venezia's and for really good Italian food, we'll stick to Babbo's.
5 I'm a fan of pizza as, I suspect, are most people. Having lived for 4 years relatively near Chicago I can confidently say this is the best Chicago style pizza I've ever had in the Valley. Not really much else to say. If you don't try it you won't know what you're missing! We always do take-out so I can't comment on the ambiance inside the restaurant. I did meet one of the principal owners and he was quite nice. Repeating myself in all my reviews, love to support local business!!!! (and this is a good one)
5 Love this place.  It's so flavorful.   I have been to Chicago, and this is truly a real Chicago experience.
5 This was a distance from the normal places we like to go to eat, but it certainly was worth the drive! We had their cheese garlic bread and chopped salad for starters. Both were excellent. The deep dish pizza was delicious and certainly reminded me of quality pizzas you can get in Chicago. The server was attentive and prices was very reasonable. I certainly would make the drive again!
5 Main Points: -Excellent Chicago-style deep dish pizza -Variety of craft beer available -Very friendly owners & staff  Reviews: If you live in Queen Creek and haven't tried Buddyz yet, get off your kiester and try their pizza! No seriously though, that location has seen a plethora of restaurants but none were worth keeping around like Buddyz.  Their deep dish pizza is delicious and filling, and the crust is nice n' buttery.  If you're looking for an appetizer, try the onion rings with their 3 dipping sauces - super yum! Since we're talking about healthy dinners, try getting bacon as a topping...so good! Grab some good beer while you're at it. I haven't tried the thin crust yet, but after having the deep dish there's really no need to try anything else.  Better than Rosati's which is also around the area, so I'd say just skip it and eat at Buddyz.
4 The wait here is worth it. The chicago style pizza is delicious. Ive never had the thin crust because I read a lot of negatives about it. For a place  that specializes in Chicago style deep dish it doesn't disappoint. I didnt go crazy with toppings- I just ordered sauce and mozzarella on mine and it was really good. Since moving from the east coast Ive had a hard time finding any kind of pizza I can enjoy. Usually I wont like the sauce or the dough... but here I love it all.  Also, they do calamari the right way. Too many places overcook it and it becomes like shoe leather to chew. This was perfectly tender. This is definitely a hidden gem because the location is in an area thats not too busy but it was a great find. The only reason Im giving it four stars instead of five is that the wait is very long. But that wont keep me away.
