5 This salon has just opened but Jay(the owner) is one of the best people to take care of you . My mom and I  have been getting our nails done with Jay for over 10 years and follow her any where ! She remembers every customer and always listens to your suggestions unlike other places who get used to doing the same thing on every customer. She's extremely creative. The salon is very clean and organized very spacious so you don't feel clustered. AMAZING color selection for nail polish and gel.  pedicures are always right on point .... Massages with hot towel are the best . 100% recommend if you're in this area !
5 Best nail salon in town! Ask for Jay, she has been doing my nails for over 8 years! Clean and convenient location!
5 This is the best place to go to get your nails done. Ask for Jay, she always does my nails and she does a great job! Our family goes here and people always ask where we get our nails done. We always refer them to her. The place is newly remodeled and is very clean. Job well done!
5 This Nail & Spa has been open for 4 months & it's really nice.  Jay has a gentle touch.  They have UV lamps inside the desks on each side.  I love the wonderful atmosphere.  Very professional, high tech equipment & friendly staff.  I would recommend this place to everyone. They're very affordable.  Open hrs M-F 10am-7pm Sat 11am-6pm Sun 11am-5pm   They have a facebook too!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/Beautiful-nail-spa/189081624614866?ref=stream
5 Came to vegas and didn't want to pay ridiculous prices on the strip. My friend and I read the reviews and took a chance. We loved this place one of the best pedi/mani I have gotten by a guy didn't get his name though. They were really nice and I didn't feel like they they were in hurry to get you out of there. My friend got a gel mani and really liked it. I would definitely come back here again. I wish the people were this nice at nail salons in LA.
5 Very clean and not crowded place, so there isn't annoying smell of acetone. The staff is very accommodating and polite. My technician was very gentle on my toe cuticles and really took her time. Feet massage was also great. Definitely will be back :))
1 The worst pedicure I ever had ,nail tech girl skipped many steps and let me walk out with A bad polish and skin still in nails 30 dollars wasted ,had to go some where else! And fix it.
5 I have searched high and low for a good nail place. It seems like whenever I find one, it's usually only 1 nail tech that does good nails., and then they leave.  At beautiful, it doesn't matter who does your nails, they always Look nice. You tell them how you like them, and they do it. Highly recommend this place! (And the entire staff is friendly!)
5 Best mani ever! Gina was friendly and thorough. Shop is clean and comfortable. Manager asked for my name and actually remembered it. Totally going back for my next mani.
5 It was hard to convince my hubby to get a pedi. He finally in and we came to this spot. Omg he is hooked now! He loved it!!!! The staff is super friendly and they do such a good job! I am not from Nevada but this is going to be a must when i come out here!!!!
