5 Moveaholics not only showed up on time- they were actually ten mins early! I was very impressed that the owner himself came and helped with packing up my condo. They were very respectful and even went above and beyond their job to help me pack my kitchen, living room, bedroom, and bathroom. They put plastic mattress covers on my queen size bed and broke down the frame. They even helped clean up after they were done. As a single woman, I was dreading the  time it would have taken me to pack everything - days, possibly even weeks! But these two guys came in and had everything practically done in under two hours. Man they were super fast! Totally worth it. Now if only I can figure out which box has my tv remote.... :-)
5 Our previously scheduled movers called and said they were running a few hours behind so finding ourselves in a tough bind we called Moveaholics.  Andy answered and said he can have his guys over in 15 minutes. These guys were great! They showed up just in time. We provided the moving truck and they provided all of the other needed equipment.  We had them move a one bedroom apartment and a two story two bedroom condo into a three bedroom house. They completed everything in four hours and did a wonderful job!! They were very careful with the furniture and unloaded it exactly where we wanted it to be. Thank you Andy, Gary and Jack for all of your hard work especially so last minute! We will recommend you to all of our friends and family and definitely use you the next time we need to move.
5 MoveAholics are the best! Andy and his team did an amazing job. I normally hate moving but they made my move so easy. I've never written a review before but I felt compelled to spread the word on these guys. Thank you for your hard work and making something I was dreading..a breeze.
5 Andy and his MoveAholics crew saved me!  With very short notice,  I was able to schedule them to move my mother-in-law who had been suddenly hospitalized.  They packed up her entire 2 bedroom apartment (did I mention she is a bit of a hoarder?) and got the move done in about 6 hours!  It was a pleasure to work with Andy...he returned phone calls promptly, arrived on time at the job and even called ahead to advise me when he was about 10 minutes away!  I was very pleased with his service and would highly recommend this company for your moving needs!
5 These guys are the best! We had originally hired a crew from a different company to unload our moving truck that no-showed today. I called Andy at Moveaholics and he had a great, efficient, experienced team to our home within a couple of hours. Jack and Lawrence were careful, strong, and fast.   Our move wasn't so easy...it included hoisting a long couch over our second floor balcony, but these guys handled it with ease!  I would use this company again in a heartbeat, and will recommend them to everyone.
5 THANK YOU, MoveAholics!! Absolute lifesaver!!  Without a doubt, the very best in the business. My parents live across the country. They were moving and needed help because of their age. I was going to personally help them move because I don't always trust others, especially when it comes to my loved ones. I was completely devastated when I wasn't able to get time off of work because it meant I had to rely on strangers. After reading reviews in my parent's area, I chose MoveAholics. I'm so thankful that I did. My dad told me from start to finish the experience was a perfect 10! They were on time, polite, and treated his and my mom's belongings as if it were their own. I'm forever grateful.
5 Top notch! These guys are great. The owner, Andy, is hands on and goes above and beyond looking after his clients. These guys were so efficient, looked after me in the blistering AZ heat no questions asked, and best part it was even under the quoted price! In my experience you never know what you are going to get with movers so do the right thing and use MoveAholics.
5 I don't know where to start.  MoveAholics saved my day. Our moving company never showed up and I was scrambling to find another moving company.  I called these guys and 2 movers were at my house within an hr!  These guys were very professional. They provided moving blankets free of charge and wrapped and moved my 3 bedroom house in 4 hours.  Will recommend to family and friends.
5 these guys are the best, came 30 min early, wrapped stuffed efficiently and were very quick. Instead of a truck they used a trailer and saved me dollars. All movers were professional and serious about their work!
5 Moveaholoics was great. The crew that moved me was courteous and they were hard workers. Andy stands behind his work and I would definitively use them again.
