5 Slate Bistro and Bar is located inside of Trilogy Golf Club at Power Ranch.  It is, despite the guard gate, open to the public.  They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I have eaten all three meals there and they do them all well.  In fact, Slate has been nominated for the Best Breakfast in Gilbert 2014.  The prices are some of the best I have seen for both food and drinks.   There is a full bar as well.  Slate has a very nice ambiance and feels as though you are in a nice restaurant without the stuffy air.  It is a great place to grab a meal after a round, get a few drinks for affordable prices or have a long meal.  The menu has a little bit of everything to hit all tastes and they do offer specials on certain nights.  There is even live music on certain nights, usually Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.  Make sure to call ahead on weekends as they do sometimes close for weddings.  They also do offer reservations and while in snowbird season helps.   Slate is a really good, consistent non-chain restaurant in an area lacking restaurants.  Definitely a good find.
5 The Club rocks the his-ouse.  You can't beat it for drinks, partying, and atmosphere.  Se revers are coolio and friends and family always abound.  Keep on rollin' on, Club.
5 K: I like the chicken. It's good.yep   R: I like trains and potatoes. The burgers here are kool. Yep
1 Went in for a late lunch, and sat 5 minutes while 2 servers behind the bar talked, and 1 at the counter surfed her smart phone. It wasn't busy. We decided to eat elsewhere. Hey Slates, what happened to the great service you used to have???
5 Dana & Kristen are the best!! I love coming and sitting at the bar! I've known Dana since 2008 & have recommended Slates many times. The kitchen is inconsistent. You never know what will come out!
4 went there for breakfast had cornbeef hash very tasty wife had pulled pork tacos w/poached eggs she was not as pleased as i but i thought it was good she thought it could use a bit more fluff ie avo fresh tomato ect ...i agreed service was excellent and very lovely as well
4 Awesome Happy Hour prices!!!  Chicken wings were nice and crispy, but needed a little more of a kick.  The nachos were just ok, but the flatbread was delish and the beer frosty cold. Our waitress Dana was helpful and friendly.  The restaurant itself was nicely decorated and clean.  Overall, a very nice experience!!!
