5 Great pizza, great atmosphere and friendly staff! Try the buffalo chicken pizza with ranch, it's ridiculously good! Great value for lunch, I will be back!
5 I am so happy this location opened up.  It's so close to home and honestly better than any other pizza place I have ever been too.  The serious slices are as big as a new born baby and taste like GOD himself kneaded the dough.  I would recommend this place to any and everyone I meet.
5 I love this place!!!! Great tasting pizza and they don't skimp on the toppings. I prefer The Works pizza.
2 The pizza here is ok.  I seen signs of a new pizza place opening in Ahwatukee and couldn't wait to try it out.  I've been disappointed in other pizza places that opened in the area, so I was skeptical. Anyway I ordered an 18" sausage pizza, waited for about 20 minutes and brought it home. The pie was a whopping 25 bucks + tax.  The pizza review, the crust was hard and chewy, the sauce was put on sparingly and had a little kick to it, it had very little cheese and just a few sprinkles of sausage, Seriously it had about 7 pieces of sausage on the whole 18" pie! I thought they actually made a mistake, and called to speak to a manager about it, the "manager" said that it was the proper amount of sausage as they weight the toppings/ product for every pizza. I thought that was bull, how can you sell a proper premium pizza then skimp on the toppings?   The Verdict - Bad Jimmy & Joe!! The prices at Jimmy & Joe's are too high for the poor quality and quantity of pizza you get... So Jimmy..& Joe.....You get Only 2 Stars ;(  The next time I pay for a 25 dollar pie, It will be at Spinato's Pizzeria, not jimmy n joe's, at least at Spinato's you get what you pay for, an abundance of toppings and the quality and taste matches that of a premium pizza.
5 Took the kids (4) on a Sunday. Got a meal for under $30 bucks. 2 pizzas. Wings garlic bread and drinks.  Great Value.
5 New spot, same delicious pizza!  Nice tvs, large dining room, and helpful staff make this one of the best pizzeria's in town.  If you haven't eaten here, you're an idiot.
4 I visited this place for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The girl at the counter was incredibly helpful and so nice! I ordered one of their slices and added a few items, the total was almost $9. I'll probably stop by here every once in a while since that's an expensive lunch for me.   When I got my slice I realized why it was so expensive - it was huge! Seriously, two people could eat this lol!   The only reason I reduced 1 star was because the slice was so big and difficult to maneuver that, sadly, all my delicious toppings fell off the pizza. Next time, I will ask them to cut the slice in half to make it easier to eat.
5 I love this place! It has become my new pregnancy craving!
3 I ordered a thin crust pizza for home delivery last night,.  The staff and delivery person were friendly.  They offer gluten free in the smaller 12 inch size.   I ordered a 16 inch size and found it to have very flavorful and fresh ingredients, conveniently delivered to my house after a busy day.  .    I consider the crust to be more like New York subway zone style pizza.   It was not crisp in any way, not even on the edges. I do enjoy New York style pizzas an this crust seemed like it was hand tossed or home made, which I liked.  If you like crispy crust, this is not the place.    I am not sure what to think of the cheese.  It was either very skimpy and didn't put hardly any on, or they use a different type of cheese that is almost transparent.    I also ordered meatballs on half the pizza and I believe they used small ground meat chunks instead.  If I say meatball, I am picturing an actual full sized ball of meat, sliced up and applied to the pizza.in a pepperoni like fashion.  So what I received was not quite what I had in mind, but still flavorful.    I may return again soon when the mood for soft New York style pizza strikes.  FYI, other reviews can be found under Jimmy & Joe's Pizzaria - slightly different spelling of the restaurant name there.
5 Jimmy and Joe's is my favorite slice joint for sure! Come hungry because the slice is served on a 12" pizza tray. I love that they give you your own personal pizza cutter to slice and dice your huge pizza into bite size pieces. The sauce is made in house and has a little zing. The Joe's sauce wings are a must! Also, for the drink enthusiasts, they have the crazy coke machine that does over 100 flavors. Family owned, great service, great food.
4 I stopped in late afternoon not busy at all so I was a little worried but the pizza was great! The service was awesome Sammy was very polite and could answer any question I asked about the place without skipping a beat! The slices are SERIOUSLY Big! Great place!!
3 As someone that lived in the NYC area for many years my "bar" for good pizza is very high!    I found the pizza to be good.  The slices are very large and the sausage was good Italian sausage.   I actually enjoyed their buffalo wings the most .  Slightly crispy and not drowned in too much sauce.   You have a choice of ranch or blue cheese dressing which isn't always the case in AZ.
3 Guess what? They don't deliver until 5pm. After filtering our search for delivery, this is the third pizza place that yelp info has gotten wrong, we are now frustrated!    Just wanted to order pizza for delivery by the pool at Legacy Resort and get pm with our day.
4 this pizza joint was honestly some of the best pizza I have ever had. the way it was seasoned and cooked was to die for. my fav thing is the serious slice for $5.50. trust me it will fill you up and make your mouth water(:
