5 I know, I know, it's a fast food restaurant that pretty much only sells chicken and has lately been under fire for the beliefs of it's owner... I know, and thankfully however, I don't care. When one of the sweetest and most excited people I run across all day is a teen-aged girl working at a fast food place, I know they are doing something very well. I'm happy to have this Chick-fil-A move into my neighborhood replacing an ugly older burger place, the building is modern and bright with an eye catching design to it. The In-N-Out of the chicken world, Chick-fil-A is as good as it gets quality-wise for fast food, I've had a few things on the menu and they've all been tasty, and they have without question the best fast food breakfast lineup. I don't eat this stuff too often, but I'm sure glad to have this as another option for myself and the rest of Tempe.
4 It's typical.... it's a new location. It's really easy to get to from work for lunch. ..I really liked the service and the food was good tasting. If you have ever eaten at any other location you know what to expect. ..I have to visit in a few weeks when is no longer new. ...Look for an update eventually.
5 CFA FIRST 100 EVENT!  Well congrats to the operator and his staff on this wonderful location and beautifully crafted store! It's large and I know it will be very prosperous! AZU is down the street and just so excited to be one of the lucky 100 to make it into this event!   What can I say! The quality of food is at it's top par! Great service at all CFA's that you think to yourself, "Am I at a fast food restaurant or at a sit down dinner?" If you have never been or eaten at any CFA, you are missing a great experience!   BREAKFAST: CLASSIC Chick-fil-a biscuit: warm and flaky bread with the right amount of chicken deliciousness. Add honey or jam and it is a 10 ++!! Ok maybe slightly exaggerated. But overall it will not disappoint.   LUNCH: 3 Piece chicken strips: I personally like them well done, but they have a different flavor then the nuggets!  I get full of of them alone without the fries... Surprise surprise. Great bang for your cash to get full. ( wish there was a spicy form of this item. O . o )  DINNER: SPICY chicken sandwich with fries: I ordered the sandwich and fries well done protein style. ( I rather eat the fries instead of the bun, less calories). So yummy and with CFA sauce, Texas Pete and ketchup is just to die for! Must mix all three. Sounds weird but don't knock it till you try it!   DESSERT: Chocolate cookie: It was so yummy. They have out ice dream as well but I was too cold to eat it!   Great experience can't wait to head back out there! GO ASU!
5 love it! Great place for lunch.
4 The best fast food chicken you can't get anywhere else.
1 Husband and I are still recovering from a severe case of food poisoning. We had chicken nuggets and chicken strips at noon on 12/31, by 6 we felt bad, by 7 violently ill and by 8 I was in urgent care. The doctor confirmed food poisoning and that it was from this restaurant.   After the fact I looked up their last health inspection report and it is shockingly bad. Employees are not washing hands, chicken is not being held at safe temperatures and old chicken is being served. We're lucky we avoided salmonella. According to the report they are not participating in grading, however if they were this report would give them a D for 4 priority violations. Why the health department didn't do more at the time of this report is a bit baffling.  http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-30053&business=Chick-Fil-A&address=25%20W%20University%20Dr&insp_id=3508009  I hope that this review saves others from getting ill and encourages the management to properly train their staff and follow safe food handling guidelines.
5 A great new addition to ASU's neighborhood! This location is new, very clean and kinda stylish even. There is a neat little patio outside that would be a great spot for lunch with friends or even a short business meeting. Inside there are many seating options and it's a decent size, probably able to handle a crowd after a football game or night out on Mill Avenue. I love Chick-fil-A! Just pray and wish and hope you don't crave this delicious fried chicken snack on a Sunday!
4 Always loved Chik Fil A but their locations were sparce. Good to have one here by ASU. The store looks really nice and modern!  Got some mailings in the mail for free breakfast sandwich and I came to check it out. It was awesome. Chicken was crispy and tender and the English muffin they used as a bun was so soft.   If you like Chik Fil A, well, there's another location for you. Enjoy!
5 Thanks allegra f but I believe that all restaurants are monitored... How was YOUR experience? It's a nice location, friendly service, nice outdoor seating and easier parking than places on mill.  Glad it's here finally
5 The staff here is VERY friendly! It's always a pleasure to hear them say, "My pleasure!" Restaurant is always clean and the decor has a new-age style. Food is ALWAYS amazing! One time I ordered extra pickles on my number one and they didn't give me extra pickles. I called the store and spoke to management. They apologized and offered to send me coupons in the mail for my troubles. I received those coupons within a week with a hand written letter from John, the office supervisor, apologizing for forgetting the extra pickles. I was blown away by their excellent customer service! I will definitely return in the near future!
4 Love it, LOVE IT. Chick Fil A is where its at, great food, great customer service.  Can't be beat.
5 I like this location because they always give my dog treats when she rides in the drive-thru lane with me.  And I feel like the employees have been well-trained and are friendly and polite.
5 Great chicken at this location. The spicy chicken sandwich is awesome and so are the nuggets. All of the sauces are also delicious and accommodate the chicken very well. My personal favorites have got to be the Polynesian and buffalo. Also the buttermilk ranch is on point. Enjoy your next visit with a refreshing lemonade. God bless
5 This Chik Fil A is on my way to work and I've tried them for both breakfast and lunch now. I've been happy with the food, completely satisfied with the service, and enjoy the ambience of this place.
