4 Went here for dinner last night. It was only the second night they were open. We went early, 4:45 p.m., and were able to beat the crowds. Food is standard Texas Roadhouse food. I enjoyed a steak and loaded baked sweet potato. It was delicious. My son tried the country fried chicken and it was very good as well.  The waiter, Ty, was very attentive and checked on us often, even when the place started getting busy. I can't wait to try them again after they have been in business for a few weeks.
4 First if all, I love Texas Roadhouse! They are consistently good no matter which location you go to.  This TR has been open a couple if weeks and so it is still extremely busy anytime of the day! We did a call ahead on a Friday night at 5:30 and were told to arrive at 6:00. When we got there we were given a buzzer and told it would be just a few minutes. We walked outside to sit down and the buzzer went off. Granted we were just a party if two but still I totally recommend using the call ahead feature!  My husband got the prime rib and I had the filet. Both were outstanding! The rolls are always to die for and the margaritas are yummy as well.   They did do one of their line dances while we were there so it was entertaining to watch while we waited for our food. Even though they were packed, and will be for some time, our food arrived quickly and correct! Can't wait to go back again soon!
4 This place is fun and has Great Ribs they are tasty and melt off the bone! We had the sweet potato side with marshmallows and it was delicious!! We went here on Black Friday for dinner and it was packed but well worth the 40 min wait! We didn't have reservations so would recommend them next time. Our server Brittany was excellent and kept our drinks refilled without asking her.  We will go back again for sure.
3 Went for an early dinner on Sunday (around 4pm) and was surprised to find the place packed. We were seated quickly but the place looked full to us. Man they have a lot of employees at this place. I've never seen so many serving and waitstaff as I seen here. Unfortunately we must have got one of the new or untrained ones as she did a couple of things that are pet peeves of mine which took away points for service. She did keep our drinks full but we had the following service issues.  1. She asked us if she "could get dessert started for us" shortly after we were served our food. We had not even dented our meal and she's asking us about dessert?  2. She gave us our check the same time she asked us if we wanted dessert, midway through the meal. This causes a couple of problems, one you feel the need to clean off your hands to dig out your credit card to pay when you're in the middle of eating. I decided not to do this and just continue to eat and then had to deal with her continuously coming by to look and see if we put the card out for her yet.  3. She NEVER removed a dish when we were done with our meal. We had four dinner plates, bread plates, appetizer plates, refilled and empty drink glasses and of course peanut buckets stacked on our table after we finished and had paid and she came back and told us thanks and dropped off the receipt. All the dishes were left on the table and we had to leave just to get away from the mess on the table as we could not sit and finish our iced tea.  4. While people were walking out of the place a male employee, who went to great lengths to let you know he is homosexual ( I have no problem with him being homosexual just putting it here so management can identify who I'm talking about) comes walking down the aisle with nothing in his hands and makes every customer stop and step aside for him as he struts down the aisle. He would not stop and get out of the customers way. I watched him continue to do it the entire time we were there so when I went to walk out I purposely didn't get out of his way and continued walking down the aisle and he got right in my face and said "excuse me" and stood there until I moved out of his way. He caught me off guard as I was sure he would move aside as I pushed forward but he wasn't about to let me through so out of embarrassment from his saying loudly "excuse me" I moved for him.  The food was good and a manager stopped by shortly after our arrival and I wished it would have been further into the meal so I could have let her know of the issues. When we were done we just wanted to get out of there and away from the table and all the dishes (and rib bones) stacked in front of us.
4 We are huge fans of Texas Roadhouse in general. I know this establishment is new, but the wait for the food was ridiculous. We asked that our entrées come out with no barbecue sauce and they were both smothered with it, including extra on the top.   On a positive note, the waitstaff was amazing. We will definitely be back to see how things settle in. You can never beat the food at Texas Roadhouse, the ribs and the sweet potato are ridiculously fabulous. I wish that they would serve the pulled pork dinner without sauce though as an option.
5 Just opened and their service is dialed in. Great, fun atmosphere. Food was really good. Portions were big. It's obvious the employees love working there. Keep up the good work!
4 Love TR! Probably because it is new there were hiccups.  Very busy for 3:30 on a Saturday.  Our server disappeared on us for about 20 minutes.  We had to pull another over to get us refills.  Wait was not too bad.  Food was good.  I ordered 1/2 BBQ chicken and initially they brought me the 2 small boneless breasts.  Quickly rectified though.   I debated 3 Stars, but I will go with 4 on our history, TR.
5 On second visit the time it took for the food to come out was much shorter. Again, amazing service. They also dance about every 1/2 hour which is cute. This time I had the pulled pork sandwich and I can't even explain its deliciousness!  I think they used their homemade bread recipe for the grilled bun. Yum!  Again, no option to just have the pork without BBQ sauce, but since it was baked right into the meat, it was ok and amazing. I would like to see a dry option in the future though for those of us that prefer to taste just meat. Will definitely return, and highly recommend this place.
5 Second visit even better than first. New Year's Eve was packed. We called ahead, went smooth, waited in the bar for our table and decided to just eat there. Bartender Kevin handled it for us. Food was very good, service outstanding and the employees have fun. We will be regulars here.
4 We headed over around 7:00pm they had a 20-30 min wait. Had peanuts while waiting and got to see food being run, which looked amazing. So now to the food and service... Ordered 6oz sirloin, Caesar salad with loaded baked potato. Very tender but lukewarm. Husband had 16 oz ribeye smothered, salad and green beans with a side of ribs,  sirloin was cold.rest of food was great and came out fast, now with that said server came to table as soon as we started to eat and we were able to tell her about cold steak which she promptly took to get a new one and sent manager over. The manager was apologetic and took off steaks from meal and have my husband a new hot steak. Sever came back table many times to refill and ask about meals. I was very impressed with both sever and manager. We will come back again. Server was Lisa she's great,  Manager was Carolyn ( I think )
5 The food was amazing! We had prime rib which was seasoned perfectly and grilled to perfection. Our server, Johnathan was very attentive and kept our drinks filled. We would definitely recommend this place.
5 We had dinner tonight at the Goodyear Texas Roadhouse and it was awesome  our server Stephany was right on, she was smiling and made us feel at home right away, she checked on us often always smiling. Food was great. Hubby had the ribs and I had the end cut of the prime rib, best ever, but our server was GREAT. Will go again soon.  All the server we smiling and happy
3 I'll start by saying I'd give it a 1-star for the service. But because the food was so darn good, it raised it to 3-stars.  I understand the place was super busy. I understand that things happen. But I DO NOT understand when the server spills a full soda on my daughter that we only get a half hearted "Sorry" and then had to wait for several minutes for her to return with a rag. We had wiped it all up with our napkins by then. And I'm not one to require handouts, but if my daughter--whom you've spilled a full soda on who is now sitting there in soaking wet clothes because of you--wants a refill on her "special" drink, by gosh give it to her instead of lecturing her about how the special drinks don't get refills. And for the record, we never got any other "I'm sorry." from her, like she just wanted us to brush it under the rug and forget about it. Well, I'm sorry, but if I screw up and dump something on MY customer, I will apologize a hundred times and do whatever possible to make them comfortable again.  The drink spilling aside, once the food arrived it made up for our wet clothes. Steaks were good, sides were good, and my husband loved the ribs. We didn't see much of our server after the food was served. I often wondered if anyone saw much of their servers since I saw several (counted 7 at one time) just standing around chatting with each other.  By the time we were done, we quickly paid a reasonably priced bill (great price for such a good steak) and got out of what my daughter called the Texas Madhouse. I'm not sure if we will go again. It will HAVE to be the food that would draw us because it definitely won't be the service.
1 Would give negative stars if I could. My visit last night with a party of two was the first time I have ever been so irritated that I literally walked out of a restaurant.  First off made a reservation by calling the restaurant and getting a confirmation code, was told the wait would be 50 minutes and was asked if that was okay, I acknowledged and did not mind waiting since I knew it would be busy on a friday night.  Went to the restaurant and checked in at exactly 45minutes after booking the telephone reservation.  When the hostess checked us in she told us it would be another 20 minute wait, ridiculous I thought given we had a reservation... but since its friday night I let it go and decided to wait and just review the menu so we would know exactly what we wanted by the time we where seated.  About 10 minutes went by and we where seated (Cool, I thought, we did not wait 20 minutes..) our server was Tiana (not sure about the spelling)   I don't know if she knew this was her last night working there or had plans to quit but she took 20 minutes after we were seated before she came over and took our drink order, at this time we did not even know who our server was other then the name but once she came over I made the connection, she was chit-chatting with other guests at a table 2 tables down from us, not serving them food, or getting drinks, just having small talk when she saw other guests seated in her section....  FOR 20 MINUTES!   To make matters worse once we ordered our drinks, simple lemonade and water it took 15 minutes to receive them, once the drinks finally came we where ready to order, our waitress asked if we wanted bread, we kindly declined and stated that we where ready to order our food.   This is where it gets really bad... We ordered the food, 15 minutes went by then all of a sudden the other waitresses were seating other guests around us on tables which where empty (guests that arrived after us).. they were promptly seated and drinks taken immediately..... we were still waiting on our food.. 20 minutes after having ordered the place broke out into "footloose" music and all the servers were dancing in the aisles, including ours, in front of our table... no acknowledgement or news of our orders was given, not before the dancing began or after the song was over, when the song was over (approximately 5 min) *total 25/30 min at this point, from time of order* our waitress leaves immediately after the song.  Then another 15 minutes goes by and it has been nearly 30-45minutes since we placed our order and we see two tables of couples seated near us who clearly arrived after we did who received their food and began eating.  At this point we waited another 5 minutes, absolutely no word from our server about status and we got up and left, worse service I have ever had, EVER! I will never go back to this texas roadhouse ever again.  It is a shame this restaurant was built in November and already it is operated in such a poor fashion. My suggestion to anyone else, go to the red lobster or olive garden nearby, I have frequented both those establishments multiple times and never have any issues.
4 We went to an early dinner at around 4PM on a Thursday, and it wasn't very busy at all. We walked right in and there was no wait. I really liked the atmosphere. It's a fun place! Especially how the staff does a little dance. It is a loud restaurant though. So, me and my boyfriend couldn't really hear each other talk.   Food was great though! My boyfriend's steak was cooked exactly how he wanted it. He absolutely loved his side of green beans and corn. The Caesar salad was one of the best I've ever had. I got an appetizer for my meal which was the boneless hot wings. They were so tasty, and just spicy enough. They came with blue cheese dressing and celery sticks.   The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 was because the waitress never asked if we wanted dessert. She just gave us the check and left. So we had to call over another waitress and tell her we wanted dessert. It's alright though because the strawberry cheesecake was excellent!  I loved the Caesar salad and cheesecake so much that I would probably come back just for that!
4 Really good food. The service was awesome. Our server was the best. The drinks were bomb. Very busy, but worth it.
5 Oh my God!  This place rocks. And our Server Monique is the best. She was very attentive to every thing my wife and I needed. The food was perfect!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5 I have been to other Texas Roadhouses here in the Valley and Back East. This location is my favorite. This has to do with the outstanding service we received tonight from Garrett. It was my eleven year old son's birthday, and Garrett made all of us feel special. He kept our drinks full and made sure all our special requests ( Extra Extra Crispy Steak Fries!) We did not have a wait because we got there at five o' clock, but there was a line out the door by the time we left. My son saw them dancing and said he wants work there when he is in college. The whole staff was on top of their game, and acted like working there was the real happiest place on earth. We will be back!
5 What a great place to eat.. Awesome food and great service. Just do the call in reservation thing first or else you may wait a while before being seated.
3 Visited this TR three times now and been pretty satisfied, food was good, service was good, atmosphere was horrible. When a certain song is played all the waitresses stop, clap there hands as loud as they can, scream something that doesn't sound like english and wave their butts right near your food on the table. I enjoy having a casual conversation with my wife when we go out to eat, yes even after 40yrs of marriage we enjoy talking to each other. TR can't quite decide if they want to be a restaurant or a beer swilling bar. Maybe they need to separate the bar section from the restaurant, would make me happy.
1 Well, my mother, my two kids and myself stopped in just before 5 for dinner. When we got there the place was about 3/4 full. We were seated after about 5 minutes- not bad! And the hostess brought the delicious rolls to the table as we were being seated. Sadly, there begins and ends the positives about this "steakhouse".   First, whatever sadist was in charge of the music kept it at an ear splitting volume. Like, dance-club make-your-ears-pop volume. Then, for some reason, it gets turned down (Hallelujah), only to have a server SCREAM at the top of her lungs something like a birthday cheer a-long. Everyone around her looked really uncomfortable and irritated, but kudos for the party spirit! Seriously, TR, even TGIFridays has abandoned this awfulness. But the staff led fun was just beginning. Periodically a group of staff would line up and do a kind of half-hearted line dance that, literally, everyone was awkwardly trying to ignore.   The food. I ordered the filet medallions covered in mushroom sauce. What came out was 9 ounces of medium rare salt cubes covered in salt gravy and seasoned with salt. My son ate all his Kraft Mac n cheese (to be fair, they're very honest about serving Kraft). My daughter got the mini cheeseburgers and kinda played with it. My mother had the regular filet and was neither impressed nor disgusted.   I feel like TR missed the boat on campy 90s chain restaurants. If they'd work a little on improving the quality of their food and less on really bad ambience (I'm a native Texan, I'm just praying people don't actually associate us with that stuff), I might return. Not holding out hope.
2 Just OK. The service sucked. We waited forever for bread rolls and after asked our waitress twice we flagged down another waiter and he brought us some. Food felt just run of the mill and nothing really special. Actually left disappointed in what was supposed to be a fun birthday dinner. Won't be back anytime soon rather spend my $ on food that someone cared about cooking.
5 First time eating at this location....their service and food is consistent with any other location I've eaten at.   We sat at the bar, avoiding a 45 minute wait for a table, on a Saturday night at 5:30! They have call ahead seating, but we decided to stop in last minute.  I like bar service myself, because there is someone there all the time, you never have to wait for a server to stop by.  Their infamous bread and cinnamon butter were gone in seconds....but a second helping would have been too much, because we ordered their crazy delicious fall of the bone ribs for an appetizer. Seriously, these ribs, no matter what, are hands down THE most delicious. I am not a fan of BBQ, but the sauce is toned down, smokey, not tangy.  I ordered the 6oz sirloin, medium rare, with a side Caesar salad and baked potato. Steak was amazing! Quality and taste are out if this world. My husband had the country fried sirloin steak with gravy, house salad and green beans. I wasn't a fan of his entree because it was fried and had gravy, but he said it was delish. The green beans were cooked with bacon..I did not like at all, but he finished the whole thing!  No dessert for us, because in all reality, their dessert menu is boring, but after all that food, who wants dessert anyway.  Atmosphere is super loud and the bar was a bit over the top with some heavy handed drinkers. I prefer the atmosphere at the Peoria location, but none the less, had a great time :)
4 Good meat. Buns are carb-crack.    Why, oh why, are the Texas Roadhouse buns like crack? Add that cinnamon butter and I'm liable to eat them all, blocking any attempts from my dinner company to partake.  "You want a bun more than you want that arm," I said... to our one year-old.  It's shameful!  Ribs, prime rib, and kids options were all good, too.  Very nice to have one of these close by in Goodyear, now.    And by the looks of it, there is some law in Maricopa County that says people have to take their mothers to Texas Roadhouse for Mothers Day.  Jeez... there were so many moms in the place, you thought there were some food specials for family interventions going.
5 Once you have tasted the ribs at Texas Roadhouse, you will never be the same again. You will find yourself daydreaming about those delicious, mouth-watering, fall-off-the-bone, meaty ribs at every waking moment. There is just nothing like them on this planet. Oh, and the steak, it is soooo good and tender, perfectly cooked every time and super flavorful. The onion blossom is to die for and is served with a delectable, tangy dipping sauce that will awaken your taste buds and make you want to do cartwheels across the dining room floor. You would think the steaks, ribs, and onion blossom are the reason I go to Texas Roadhouse but they serve something else that tops every other item on the menu......drumroll please........ it's those hot, fresh, melt-in-your-mouth dinner rolls, slathered in scrumptious cinnamon butter and beckoning me like crack to a crackhead. As a matter of fact, they are my crack! From the moment the first bite goes into my mouth, a feeling of complete and total ecstasy engulfs my entire body. A high like no other................. pure divinity.......... rendering me insatiable................ I just can't get enough.   All of this great food would be nothing without the most incredible service and excellent care that is given to every customer who walks through the door. They make each person feel as if they are the ONLY person that matters. I have been to this particular location at least 10 times and the only issue I have ever had was with a take-out order. I called and spoke to the manager, Kathryn, and she immediately took care of the problem, going above and beyond what was necessary to make me happy. This place just does it right, every time, and has made it to the #1 spot on my list of favorite places to eat. You will not be disappointed. Make sure you go hungry because the portions are huge!
1 Well my son and daughter in law took my wife and I out for fathers day dinner to the Texas Roadhouse on Bullard and McDowell Road and I have to say it was the worst meal and service I have had in 10 years, no kidding. I think someone literally dumped the salt shaker on my potato and Bar-B-Que chicken and people who got there after us were done eating by the time we got our food. And my poor daughter in law just ordered a dinner salad and got that 10 minutes after we got our food. Horrible experience but thanks to my son and daughter in law for a memorable evening. Not good for Texas Roadhouse. At least 15 minutes just to take our drink order and another 10 minutes to get the drinks. All in all it took an hour and a half to get out meal delivered. There is really no excuse for this type of eating experience, especially when we normally love TR at the 75th Ave and Bell Road locations. You got a lot of work to do folks.
2 Saturday....June 21, 2014..... How does a Texas Roadhouse NOT have baked potato's?? Bad management obviously....or bad corporate policy aggravating the situation by not allowing the manager to just go somewhere and buy potato's.
3 It's a chain restaurant... So really my expectations are very different then with a more local based restaurant.  The all-you-can-eat free peanuts is a good idea... Keeps people thirsty and ordering lots of drinks me because of the salt on the peanuts :-)  The bread rolls pretty good... The food in general is really basic. It's not outstanding but it's not bad.  I ordered the baby back ribs... But my first order of the rims they came out overcooked and one and was actually burnt. So I don't know who was working the pass had lunch... But someone dropped the ball on quality control.  The manager was really nice and promptly responded to the issue... She got me a new order of ribs out relatively quickly... And she also took my meal off the check which was nice.  This waitstaff stopping in the middle of service and doing the little dances... Is old. It just doesn't do anything for me. And actually is distracting. Because sometimes you don't get things as quickly as you want or the servers are not as attentive because they're busy dancing.  So if you're just looking for a decent steakhouse... With free peanuts and bread... This is a place for you. The food is good for this kind of chain restaurant.
5 Just had a great meal with my family,service was excellent particularly our server Deborah.Great job!
