4 Got an awesome shave from a barber named London today. Really passionate about his work. Brand new business but the greeter made for a really comfortable atmosphere. Overall really dug this place. I'd recommend requesting London, they take appointments too which is nice.
5 Located downtown in Container Park. Stopped by after work on Friday night as this is one of the few barbershops open past 6PM.  London was a great barber and gave me the exact haircut I was looking for. Will be going back again.
5 I was all fired up to give one of the hater reviews that the dudes at Bolt are so keen on, so I decided to visit their Vegas location for a trim. Unfortunately I cannot say a negative thing about my experience. The location is killer, live music just outside, sports on a flatscreen TV inside. The operation is situated inside two restored railroad cars, which is pretty cool as well. My barber, London, cut my hair just as I requested and it turned out looking great.  For three bucks you can purchase a Hairy Beast card that entitles you to a drink whenever you come in for a cut or a shave. Great haircuts, cool location, trains, sports, music; check them out, its worth the money.
5 Put a kid in a train car, hand him a coke at 10 AM, give him a great hair cut- what do you think he'll say? I just took my 12 year old son here and he loved it. He told me that he actually had fun during his hair cut. Noe is a great barber and a kind, funny guy. He took his time figuring out what kind of cut my son wanted and gave him some good advice along the way. We'll definitely be back.
5 The Bolt Barbers Monkey Train is an experience. You get a fresh hairtcut from a talented barber, a neck shave, a massage and a hot towel, all while in the insanely cool and new DTLV Container Park. Totally worth the few extra bucks and longer than normal time for a regular haircut.   Go with London, he's super cool, knowledgeable and is a lot of fun. Ask him to turn up the music sound system!
1 I had a good feeling about this place. Oops.  First, I've never been able to describe a haircut experience as "harrowing" until my experience at Bolt Barbers, which is a shame, as I was pre-cheerleading this place throughout the day, as it's an old-timey barbershop that's open past usual hours for most office jobs. Plus, it's a business in DTLV's cool Container Park and the railcar gimmick is cool.  Second, I get that this experience was a bit of a "perfect storm" situation that wont' be typical - BUT this kind of thing wouldn't happen at a tightly-run business.  As I entered, I was told by one gentleman (Edgar, I think) that it'd be a little while before I could get my haircut I scheduled online for 7pm, since my scheduled barber, Joe, had to cut his grandson's hair. That's fine, since I was early and I could get some work done while waiting.  The gentleman let Joe know his appointment was here.   As 7:30 and then 7:45 approached and he was still working on his grandson's haircut (a fade, then a very intricate pattern along the side/top), I let Joe know I had to get going to meet some friends later. He insisted I stay and that waiting was "the thing about walk-ins."   I told him I wasn't a walk in and had an appointment for 7, which didn't seem to faze him much and he simply said he was finishing up anyway, so I figured I'd give it a chance.   Well, it was pretty rushed, which is strange considering the 45-minute cut he was giving his grandson.  At one point, he got upset when he asked me and I mentioned my appointment time at 7, then got upset - verbally chastising his coworker because he felt he had a problem communicating to him that I wasn't a walk-in (this would be the third time, at least, that it was mentioned that I was his 7 o'clock).   At another point, he laid a hot towel on my head that had just been taken out of the machine without time to cool off, burning my ear just a bit - nothing too hot nor permanent (it's red hours later, but whatever), but definitely indicative of how rushed this all was. He also assumed I wanted to buzzed-in hair line part, despite not having one on my natural part and it was obviously too late to change that.  I even wound up with a patch of unbuzzed hair behind my ear and an uneven beard fade I had to fix at home, myself, but that was the least of things, by then. At least 90% of the haircut itself looked fine.  I wanted to like this place, but I can't come back if this kind of thing can happen. Even if it's nice (I think) that he's spending time with his family at work, I think it was a little unprofessional to make a customer with an appointment wait nearly an hour. Especially when paying $30 for a haircut.  I've never had such a bad experience at a barber shop, or even at places like Supercuts years ago (granted, those places just leave me with bad haircuts, haha). But I just can't recommend Bolt.
2 We went to this place for a my buddy's bachelor party this weekend. We called and set up a reservation for 6 at a specific time and left our number. We got there and there they told us there was no reservation. The woman working was nice enough, but said she got a call about some guys but didn't know what it meant and had no phone number. They happen to have one seat available, but it would be hours until any other openings so...that was it She didn't try to fix the issue, she didn't give us a discount. The guy who's party it was had a nice shave, but that was it. The rest of got nothing. It was a real bummer. So, don't believe your reservation I guess.
1 Yea so wanted to check this place out with my son but the workers In there have the personality of a tree trunk. So walked out.
5 What can I say? Night and day difference.   Bolt wants to give the best experience possible and they certainly live up to that promise. Founder Matt assured me that my second visit would be unlike the poor experience I had first time (in my earlier review) and it most certainly was. I got a cut with Noe and watched London work as well and both were very friendly and welcoming, and they were pros at what they do.   Noe took his time with my cut, not only asking specifically what I wanted throughout the cut, but taking time to see how my hair was already cut and planning accordingly. No rushing at all, and he took his time to both get to know me and get me to know him, something I noticed London doing as well. Noe was also very informative about hair product and switched me to something better for my style (and which hopefully won't make me break out). Just some cool guys, truly.  To my understanding, they've made a few changes since the last time to make sure every visit lives up to their standards. I'm glad Matt reached out to assure me that changes were coming. That, to me,  says everything about how they value customer satisfaction and having an awesome experience - and I'm happy I gave this place a second chance.   I'll certainly be back.
5 First of all I want to put a disclaimer- I'm a Bolt Barber Guy, I have been getting my hair cut there since Mohawk Matt opened up his first place in downtown LA, so coming here was a must when I was in the area....First of all this place is a total destination location that is a first of its kind.  Original, Rugged, and flat out nutty are all adjectives I'd use to describe the fact that Matt put a barber shop in a damn train LOL but I guess thats what makes them bolt right?     The usual perks of all bolt barbers are in the train, a free drink to members, a cool vibe, and a seriously good haircut. The only thing that was missing was my damn Root Beer WHY MATT WHY!  LOL But seriously if you want a great haircut roll yo ass down here and get hooked up by my man London K (aka Killa K)    You won't regret it! And if you do, its probably your own damn fault nutjob!
5 London is the shit! He's a perfectionist with a crafted fade like no other. Only place I'll go, only guy I'll let cut my hair. Don't let another barber derail your cut again, go to Bolt barbers and get fresh in an actual train car son!
5 Best cut and beard trim I've ever had. These guys really know what they're doing. Thanks Noe!
1 Horrible experience never take your child here! I thought it would be fun because the place was cool looking a haircut place shaped as a train.... Um no it wasn't. I asked the manager and the barber 3 times before we started if they do only scissors they said yes so I made an appointment. The barber was stern and not child friendly told my son sit down and sit still rudely so I ask do you want me to hold his head for you since he is a wiggle worm she said no! He is a big boy and I said ok. I reminded her scissor haircut and she took out the "buzzers" and I said what is going on and it was to late she started buzzing his hair and he moved so there was a big bald spot she she had to practically shave his whole head and left alittle hair on top it was horrible then when I left I was so angry I shouldn't of paid it was $30 I usually pay $15 I will never recommend this place to anyone! I called back because I wanted my money back 2 times for the butcher job and the the owner wouldn't even call me back and I have a witness that was with me the whole time and the barber next to us said she didn't even use a guard on my son!
5 Great job guys. My boyfriend looks totally different and very very attractive.  Friendly, laid back, and talented, I definitely recommend Bolt when your man needs to get his style on in Vegas.
5 Bolt barbers!!! 2 awesome haircuts later and I got around to writing this review. Both times with Luis Escobedo, Really cool funny dude with attention to detail. It's always best to make an appointment they have a web portal you can use that's really simple to use.
1 Complete waste of time. I walked in to make an appointment, the guy working said "Come back in an hour" I came back an hour later to a different person who had no appointment scheduled for me. They offered to have me wait  about 30 mins for the barbers to finish with their clients and I did. The two barbers spent a good part of that half hour arguing about who was going to cut my hair because neither of them wanted to do it and then when they were finished with their clients they both left the larger car and went to hang out in the caboose. I have heard that Bolt Barbers are known for barbers with attitude, but these guys were just plain unprofessional clowns. The barbers were super ghetto and reminisced about their friends that had been murdered and talked about giving women free haircuts for sexual favors, in front of two children that were about 5 and 8. I would never recommend this place to anyone and only give it one star because I cannot give negative stars. This was my first time there and seeing as how I had to wait more than 2 hours and still didn't get a cut I will never go back. Avoid this place like it has AIDS
4 Stopped by while my friends checked out the shops. The place was adorable and the haircut was decent.  I also got a shave, having a good amount of beard going. It was very comfortable but not the closest shave I've ever had.
5 I got here early. Could be that it is 103 degrees outside and I ride a Harley, or it could be that I was excited to get my hair cut by these guys again. You'll never know.   I have been to Mike twice, and the dude knows what he is doing behind some clippers. It's a barbershop, man. I'd be weary if you're about to sit with a barber that doesn't use clippers. That would indicate that you're about to pay $100 to look the exact same as you did walking in. Pay a third of that price and sit your ass in Mike's chair. I know that I'm about to.   I'll stop chatting for fear of heat-stroke induced ravings on this place.   Infamous "one-sentence review" of Bolt Barbers? I battled afternoon traffic and 103 degree temperatures on my motorcycle to get this cut so you're goddamn right it's worth it.
