3 Was looking for a rental car for a quick trip to Tucson and found a great deal on Expedia for this place.  I was able to secure a full size rental for under $20 per day!  I've had bad experiences with Fox Rental before, so I was expecting the worst.  This time around, it wasn't too bad.  When you arrive at the car rental facility, don't get confused and go down the escalator to the cars...you have to check-in at the counter on the main floor first.  If you don't, they'll just send you back up and you'll waste a lot of time.  I know this because there were several people in line at the counter who told me what happened to them and they were not very happy.  Fox shares a counter with a couple of other rental car agencies, so look for that.  Their line is the middle line.  The worst part of this experience was the wait in this line....it was taking 10-15 minute per customer to get through.  That's agonizingly slow.  I understand....you get what you pay for....that's what I kept telling myself.  Cheap car, cheap service.  After a 45 min wait, I finally got through the line and then headed downstairs to pickup the car.  When you get down there, you have to wait in line again and another person has to check you in to get your car.  It's a ridiculous process in my opinion and highly inefficient.  It's shocking that companies operate so inefficiently nowadays.  The car wasn't too bad, it was a Chrysler 200 convertible and had about 40,000 miles on it....that's a bit long in the tooth for a car rental, but for under $20 a day, it was fine.  Returning the car went well and there were no issues there.  I'm rating them 3 Stars overall because the pricing is outstanding and despite the slow service, I understand that the price is cheap for a reason and I can't expect outstanding service when I'm paying pennies on the dollar for the car rental compared to the rental agencies with great service.  Return Factor - 50%
1 Do NOT go with Fox's prepaid fuel option. As opposed to one of their major competitors that I usually use, Fox charges you for more than a full tank of gas no matter how much fuel you actually use. Mind you this is not explained anywhere in advance, either when you rent the car online, on the paperwork when you pick the car up, by the clerk who offers you the option, or when you return the car (at which time it's too late, as it is a nonrefundable charge).  We had only used a quarter tank by the time we returned the car, and I expected they would charge me the prepaid rate to replace the quarter tank I used. Instead of charging me $12, however, they charged me $54, more than it would have cost to fill the entire tank at $3.10 per gallon (the prepaid price). The end result was I ended up paying double what it would have cost me to rent the car and top off the tank myself. That's the last money Fox will ever get from me.
4 Compared to other rental services I have used, Fox was great!  The car was very clean, smelled clean, and very well maintained.  The check in and out process was streamlined.  In fact, returning the car only took about 3 minutes!  Some car places will review every nook and cranny and then try to charge you for anything that was exactly documented prior to departure.  I'm used to it taking a good 30-45 minutes for pickup because of having to document everything.  Not here!  On top of that, the rates were amazing and they upgraded us one level from what we had purchased.  Thanks, Fox!
4 After reading the reviews here on Yelp, i was very worried about what i would encounter.  But, on a limited budget for this trip i chanced it.  Sure am glad I did.  The service was good, no waiting for help at the counter to check in, or to get the keys to the car.  The only bad thing was that the car had a lot of dents and dings on the outside.  I marked all the scratches, dents and dings on my form and we were off.  Returning the car was quick and easy, again with good service from the employees.  The price was right! The service was right!.  I would use them again.
2 Cheap car rentals. This was my first time renting to I wasn't sure how it was gonna go down. I'm currently 24 so I was going to need additional insurance. I was hoping my bf was gonna be able to drive because he's a way better driver. But because I was unaware of that other insurance it was a lot more than what I initially reserved.  The guy was nice enough to waive the fee of the additional driver. The car we got was a small ford fiesta. Definitely a gas saver.  It was great for the basic car, but it did keep making this weird sound when you stepped on the gas, I was worried.  I rate so low because I didn't find the staff to be as helpful.  The deposit is fairly large, and it took awhile for the pending transaction to be removed from my credit card account.  It is what it is. At the phoenix airport, fox is definitely one of the smaller rental places compared to the other ones all around it.  Their cars were located at the bottom of the lot, it can be confusing but I read previous reviews to help me out. I'd rent again just for the price, but I'll wait til I'm 25 lol
3 Didn't have correct vehicle that was reserved
3 Decent.  A lot of upselling, but I did great with my compact Toyota.  The pick up and hand off of the car downstairs could be a bit more streamlined ;)
1 They are the cheapest. It is not worth it. I stood in line for over 40 minutes when all of the other rental companies had no line at all. They only had 2 people at the counter and were having extremely long interactions with each customer trying to up sell. The line was long when I arrived and long when I left and many other customers were unhappy. Don't do it.
1 I had the worst car rental experience here ever. Yes, it's cheap, but you get what you pay for. The car was fine. The customer service and rental experience as a whole was awful. I had to stand in line twice before I got my car. I waited in the first line for over 30 minutes (only five people in front of me). By the time I got to the front of the second line, they said it would be another 15 minutes before I could get my car. If I was on vacation, that would be one thing, but I had a meeting to make and ended up being late.  They really didn't care about my time crunch.  When I returned the car, there was no one there to take it back. I had to go find some one.  He proceeded to look at every detail of the car to make sure nothing was wrong then told me to go get in line to get my receipt???  If you are a patient person, go for it!  If you are not, like me, I would save the stress and pay more elsewhere.  The first person I dealt with was nice but the others were very rude.
4 More like 3.5 stars...Super cheap, that's true. Waited in first line for 45 minutes, with 2 people at the counter and about 7 people in front of me. Had a great convo with the guy behind me though, so it was fine. I expected the wait time from previous reviews and built it into my schedule (this was at 10pm on a Wednesday night BTW). The guy at the counter was super sweet, I think he was from Fiji. I don't know if I'm just really charming and pretty or he just felt like being nice, but he upgraded me to an SUV for no charge. The process was easy, no upselling, no aggrevation on that part of it. Got downstairs, waiting another 20 mins for my car. My car was a captiva that basically was just onced over with a wet rag, but it was smoke free and clean inside. Gas tank wasn't full, but they noted that and it turned out to be no big deal. I went around the car twice and made notes of every little dig, and made sure I got a copy of that report. Besides the wait time, the car itself was fine and the cost was unbeatable. They held an additional $150 on my card since my rental was 4 days, but it was refunded within 72 hours of turning in my rental, less time than they said it would take which was great.  If you can deal with the wait times, the rental cost is totally worth it.
