5 I really like this new Thai place.   The food is fresh and tasty with generous portions.   The staff is very friendly and accommodating.   The restaurant is clean and very the atmosphere is very nice. We ate there twice before the grand opening. This is just the place we have been waiting for!
5 Food tastes great. Friendly and accomodating staff. Mrthais spring rolls are fabulous.  Egg plant very good. Delicious green curry.
5 Look up charming in the dictionary and you would see a picture of Mr. Thai, the owner Oh and her husband (the chef).  My mom lives very close by and we happened to see the sign about a new Thai restaurant to the street so we decided to give it a shot.  We went in at about 8:30pm on a Saturday night and we had the restaurant to our selves, although Oh told us it was packed an hour earlier.   The restaurant is clean and has great lighting and decor. While we were reviewing the menu she brought us a basket of still sizzling rice chips that were so good! We decided to order the Pad Thai and Yellow Curry. Both arrived hot and beautifully presented.  The Pad Thai was full of flavor and the shrimp were plentiful. The Yellow Curry was just what I was craving, the chicken was tender and the veggies were cooked perfectly.  I will say that nothing here has much heat to it, so ask for added spice if that is what you like.   They are waiting on a liquor licence (either beer & wine or BYOB).  They also have lunch specials for $6.95...  Come support this adorable place run by the sweetest couple that really care about their customers!
4 I love Thai food! Ever since my favorite place in Chandler closed down I've been going around looking for a new replacement. Mr. Thai Bistro is it. The food is simply amazing and it's owned by a little woman her husband so they're nice and they remember me (probably because I've been there a gazillion times since it's opened).   The prices are ridiculously cheap. A lunch entree is like 6 bucks and it comes with a free drink. It's also a hefty portion - you either share it with someone or suffer a food baby later.  Why 4 and not 5 stars? They never answer the telephone! (GAHHH I want some food, answer the phone!) They also pack the food weirdly - every time I get a to-go order the cartons are broken somewhere and I've had lots of messy stains from it in my car...besides that it's mucho bueno ( i hope that means very good in Thai...)
5 Hidden Gem!  Really good Thai food, nice couple who own it and cook the food.  My wife likes the Panang Curry, I like the Drunken Noodles with beef *hot*.  It's not on the menu but they will make you musasmun curry if you ask.
5 Love this place. The food is fresh and amazing flavour! I love thai and I have try many rsd tsurants and this one is one of my favorites!  The service is excellent...what else may I say..if you want to try something new or if you are thai crazy or if you like fresh and healthy food.. this is the place!
5 Quality authentic real Thai food.  Great food, awesome service and outstanding presentation.    Found my "best Thai" restaurant.
4 Everything was delicious, we ordered pad thai with chicken and yellow curry.
4 We had dinner here this evening. We normally eat at an Asian fusion place when we eat out but my guy specifically wanted pad Thai tonight, so that's what we did.  I looked on Yelp in particular to find something relatively close to home with a decent rating. This and another place Thai Basil (which I really like, but have eaten at a bunch and was further from our house than this place) were closest, so we thought that we would try this place out instead of going with the one we know.  The waitress was very nice, the place clean, warm, and inviting. This place is small but thats okay, as long as its good I prefer to support local business if it's good.  We got yummy chips and spring rolls (the chips were complimentary and the rolls were off of the starter menu)  which were both good.   The ONLY reason this place doesn't rate 5 stars for me is because we tried to order satay chicken and were told there wasn't any, when the menu is small, I expect it to be available or told upfront that they are out. Maybe it is a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't tell you till a time that you ASK for something to tell you they are out of it.  I had Red Curry Chicken, he had Shrimp Pad Thai. They were both really good, my curry chicken was exactly what I would expect of good curry.   It really was a great meal and really reasonably priced. I also appreciated that though the place was rather small the waitress was perfectly attentive without hovering or making us feel rushed.   I really hope that this place sticks around.
5 I continue to return here. The food is great and the staff is friendly.  I ordered the Thai hot spice level for my food this time. It was definitely hot! Not for the novice... I loved it. Just remember that if it goes in spicy hot it will come out the same way. Sorry for the TMI but I wanted to make sure you were warned. I love this place I wish they received more lunch business. Unfortunately, their location is not conducive to a brisk lunch business. Highly recommended!
4 Some of the best thai food I've had in the valley. My husband and I dined there last night.  We started with the crispy rolls- delicious. I had the Yellow Curry with chicken.  It had great flavor, not too heavy with coconut milk and just the right amount of heat. My husband had the Shrimp Pad Tai, he absolutely loved it. He went with the hot rather than the Thai hot, good choice, hot enough to enjoy without burning your mouth off. The service was heartfelt and welcoming. We will definitely be back.
2 As the star rating says, "meh, I've experienced better".  And I'm not talking about in Thailand (where, yes, it is MUCH better).  We were recommended here, and had the opportunity, so we stopped-in.  Hostess was very pleasant   There was only one other occupied table at the time (though a few people popped in for take-out while we were there).  We eventually selected a few dishes and were told it would be about 15 minutes.  Which was pretty close to accurate.  The food itself was fine.  Nothing special at all.  Just fine.  It had ZERO heat, which for Thai food just doesn't work.  I understand not everyone likes a lot of heat.  Heck, even I can't eat Thai-hot.  But there should be some!  They do provide chili flakes and chili oil, which I used.  It helped a bit.  Don't get me wrong.  The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great either.  I think they Americanized too much.  The cook (and owner?) did come out and visit the table, which was nice.  One big complaint is portion size.  Much smaller than most Thai places I've visited.  The rice portion was absurd.  I think they tried to distract you from the small quantity by doing a nice presentation (cone-of-rice, anyone?).  But it really doesn't make up for there not being enough rice for the dish.  Even though the dish (curry) wasn't that much.  We had to order more rice, which also came out in a small cone.  For a buck.  Usually a dollar buys a decent-sized bowl of rice, probably 2x the amount in their fancy cone.  Face it, rice is cheap.  There's really no excuse to skimp like that.  Overall, disappointing.  Nice staff, but a bit skimpy on the quantity and the flavor was just-OK.  There are too many other Thai places out there that have better food (and more of it) to come here again.
4 I ate here with a friend for dinner. We had the summer roll, drunken noodle, and basil fried rice. Everything was delicious. They also bring out some shrimp chips :) We also got salads served in a nice glass. It looked great but did not appeal to my palate. No big deal, it was complimentary from dining in.   Another time, I placed an order to go. I had the Mr. Thai egg rolls, which were just okay. For nearly $7, I got 4 egg rolls with a seafood mix. It's not something that I would order again. I also had a Mr. Thai fried rice which was absolutely amazing and the drunken noodles with shrimp.
5 Blessed to have a wonderful Thai place down the street that is actually Amazing tasting.  Called in for a pick up order of Drunken Noodles with Chicken , medium hot. Arrived to a small cozy clean place. Picked up my order. During lunch they offer a rice paper spring roll and some dipping sauce.  I've previously had Drunken noodle at a few other good Thai places and I would consider the taste and quality of this dish 5/5 for sure. The taste was amazing. it wasn't hot and overwhelming , you could taste every single ingredient they used.  The price was very fair , just under 8 dollars with tax during lunch. I highly recommend this place as this place is considered a hidden gem for Thai food in Gilbert.
5 First time here. Absolutely impressed! The ambience is nice, the food is delicious, the service is quick and friendly, and the presentation is spot on!  We ordered the crispy rolls, tom ka gai (this will be my go to cold weather soup from here on out), drunken noodles with chicken, chili basil, and mango sticky rice. It was all delicious!  We will be returning!
5 I love it! I have been to.Thailand and this is authentic.  I had their mussaman curry and it was done the way it should be. I love spicy food sonI got Thai medium and it was extremely spicy and flavorful. I feel very lucky that this authentic Thai restaurant is close to our house.
4 For a small hole in the wall Thai food place, this place was really good. We got dinner to go rather than dining in, but from the moment I placed my order over the phone, the lady I spoke to was so nice and wasn't one of those really mean, yelling ladies like at the other Asian restaurants (you'd understand if you've experienced this). When we came home, the food was packaged really well. We ordered the Panang Curry and Pad See Eu. The rice was shaped into an upside down cone in a separate container. The portion size was really good, the flavors were authentic. The Panang curry was not as peanut buttery as other Thai restaurants, it had more fish sauce and lime flavor, but was still delicious. The vegetables in the dishes weren't overcooked to death and they had a nice fresh crunch to them and not totally mush. I'd definitely come back again.
4 We visited this restaurant for the first time today and we really enjoyed the food. This restaurant appears to be family run and the dining room is just seven tables. We ordered two appetizers, a salad and three main dishes. All were beautifully presented. The Mr. Thai fried rice, Drunken noodles, and pennang curry were delicious. The prices were reasonable too. Will return for sure.
5 First time trying this place and loved  it! Friendly service..  Awesome tasting food..  Great portions.  I ordered the Panang chicken with medium spice and it tasted amazing! The crispy roll was also yummy!
5 We had a fantastic meal here tonight! It is a great, quiet restaurant with quality food and service.
