5 OK, now I have seen this trailer & smoker (JJ's Louisiana BBQ) with a simple stand set up at the Walmart the last few weekends and each time, I have passed it by. OMG!!! Tonight, I took a leap of faith and got the rib meal. Hands down the best smoked ribs I've ever tasted in my life! They were moist and the smoke ring was generous on these babies. The dinner was $10.00 cash and came with a soft potato roll & two sides (beans & potato salad) the beans were smokey and had meat in them too.  I can't believe this place wasn't on YELP yet.  From their website, it looks like they move around to diferent locations.  I found them at the 79th Ave & Peoria Walmart up on the entryway sidewalk. The menu displayed showed pulled pork, chicken or rib dinners. I can't wait to find them next week to try out the smoked chicken. YUM! If you love good BBQ, they would definitely be worth a try. Don't forget to give them a call to see where they will be for the day.
5 I too love his Q.  Found him set up on the North side of Peoria in a strip center west of the 101. I've made it a once a week trip and have tried everything on the menu.   The brisket, pulled pork, chicken, ribs and HOT LINKS.  ***** Hope he can brave the summer heat.
5 Best smoked BBQ pork ever.  We've had smoked pork in some of the most well-known proclaimed BBQ places across this country & JJ's surpasses them all!  his pulled pork, brisket, & ribs are moist, juicy & flavorful.  This man can smoke pork!!!  He makes his own BBQ sauces that are wonderful!  his pork brisket melted in my mouth. I hope they can get a truck instead of the canopy which makes it tough for them in the heat & gusty winds.  I'm sure they'll have a storefront soon & get rated as the Best in the state.  they beat Dillion's hands down.  We call them to find their location & drive there for lunch or early dinner.  Damn!  This man can smoke pork!!!    We met James & Daniel at 95th Ave & Peoria.  We promised our taste buds that we'll  search them out weekly for lunch or an early dinner.  JJ'S cater's, too.  Every time I take my first bite of what I've ordered, I forget about how hot it is because I think I'm in heaven.  Yummmmmm!
