5 thanks to awesome reviews on naturallycurly.com and some luck, my hair and I found Colie.I have been seeing her for a few years now and my hair is healthier, happier, and better than ever! I get compliments on it all the time and stopped by other curly haired gals to ask what products I use and how my curls look so good. The real answer: it's an awesome cut first and foremost! it takes a skilled and knowledgeable hair stylist to handle my long mane of springy curls, and Colie is the hair stylist I would even follow over to the west side of madison for (and have!). No matter where she goes, my curls will follow. You will never end up with the dreaded "tent" or "mushroom" style us curly folks worry about. And on top of that, she is SO good with color! on curls! Colie is so good at listening to what you want, knowing what you need, learning about who you are as a person and she blends all of that into a perfect final result. If you are worried about cheating on your current stylist or trying someone new...don't! it will be more than worth it! And her new space is awesome!
5 Amazing experience today! I came in feeling old and frumpy, and left as a new woman! I love when an experienced stylist tells you exactly the look and color for you. I listened and I am so thankful!! I feel like a new woman! You have to give this place a try! You will not regret it. It was like a combination of a learning experience, fun, neck massage and great conversation all rolled into one. I am so thankful I met Colie! :o)
5 Outstanding, Friendly, and Professional service!!!  I was pleasantly surprised as I arrived Colie's studio for the first time and  was greeted by her welcoming and friendly smile at her door.  I came for waxing which can cause reasonable anticipation upon the initial visit. Within moments her confident and uplifting demeanor removed whatever nervousness I had.  We spoke for a bit confirming what I was interested in to make sure we were on the same page. She also explained the type of wax she would use and how it worked in comparison to others.  Her technique and skill is a testament to her experience and validates her well earned confidence.  She is very flexible and accommodating as well. We ran out of time to finish everything (which was my fault as I asked for additional work when I realized how good she was). Realizing this, she gave me options for times to return, and we confirmed a window the same day!  I do not live in Madison and am only visiting family here, but I WILL be returning to her every time I come visit. And if I could pack her up and take her with me, I would. Lol! It is not easy to find a quality wax artist while traveling. :-)  I also established an appointment with her tomorrow for a hair cut/styling.
