5 I had a really good experience at elephant vapor.  I have  wanted to  try vaping for quite awhile, but had no idea where to begin. Chris the owner is very knowledgable and helped me pick out a starter kit. His products seem to be of high quality for very reasonable prices. If your looking for a good vape shop look no further, try elephant vapor.
5 This shop has only been open about a week. So far i'm liking what i see. Of course there isn't much to look at, this shop doesn't cater to those who look for high end mods or look for a rebuild on a rda. This I can see mainly to those starting to quit smoking, or have just started vaping and may want to upgrade into basic mods or wants something better than an ego stick battery.  The guy working there is very friendly and talkative and "full of energy." I don't mean that in a bad way lol. I had a good time talking with him and the people who came in for a few hours until they closed.  The juice he carries were quite flavorful. He doesn't mix in house but he carries 3 brands i have not heard nor tasted before. many were good, others were so-so, but since i vape often i tend to keep a good look out for juice that taste and feel unique. A flavor i can mention is voodoo. It's a good mix and if you stop by sometime definitely try Voodoo.  The tasting area is set up really cleanly and organized. Instead of a tasting bar, all the testers are aligned up on a rack, each flavor assigned to a battery ready to vape on, while being on a nice sized table, where two long seats on each side are there for you to sit on. KIND of like a picnic table but instead of wooden seats, it's leather. Since each flavor is assigned to a battery, all you need to do to test is grab a flavor and put your sanitary tip/condom on and vape away, once you're done, you grab another one. It feels more organized and it's definitely faster and more effective.  The shop does need some work with lighting though, as it was getting dark the lighting seemed a bit too bright so maybe dimming the lights once the sun starts to set would make the shop look better. As for seating other than the testing area, there are red couches in the back, and some chairs against the wall.  Overall i had a great first visit. Met some friendly people, tried some great juice, and I must mention the prices are really affordable. juice is $9 each or 2 for $16 and 3 for $21(? if i can recall correctly), and each juice is 15ml. Also aside from ebay and online, the igo-w is $16 on this visit. I've really only seen them $20 and $15 on ebay. Give this place a visit sometime!
5 I've been doing e-cigs for about 6 months. Never smiked reg cigs, thank god! My friend tom, who works in the casino business said their is a new store in Henderson. Man, what a nice surprise!!! Good products with even better prices! I'm a stickler for "Good Vapor" and will pay a little more for quality. But this guy Chris sells quality stuff at LA prices. I usually stock up when i go down to LA, but don't have to anymore. His starter kits are the lowest i've seen.
5 This place is the spot to get all your vaping needs, the homie Chris knows all about customer service. No need to go elsewhere. Always greeted with a smile.
5 By far the best vape shop I've been to. Owner cares about what customers are putting into their body's. Only the.best vape juices. My new favorite spot.
5 This was my first time here I definitely like the customer service from Chris the owner. There are tons and tons of flavors to choose from. You get to test out flavors you havent tried before. You also cannot find better prices for everything in this shop anywhere else. Thank you Chris.
5 For someone who is just beginning to explore the whole "vape" thing it' is a great shop.  Chris is very patient and explains everything very well.  There is a large selection of flavors to try and overall great small business to support.
5 Get off them smokes mannnnn, cigs are for the dead and dieing!! Shop is legit Chris will take his time and set you up with a system that will work for you. No need to add nicotine just puff on some water and relax. Chris is a good man hit him up
5 Customer service is great. Lots of different juices from different companies. I personally love the crowns reserve barons brew. I drive across town just to go here. I broke one of my mechanical mods and he replaced it with no problems. I will definitely be going back.
5 Chris is amazing and very helpful! Willing to take the time to talk to you and find the flavors you may want!Diamond in the desert for sure!
5 Chris is a nice guy that doesn't try to pressure you into anything. He makes sure you are going to be happy with what you purchase and doesn't try to hard sell the high end models like some stores do. His prices are fair and reasonable. He's a hard working guy that is extremely friendly.
5 Went in to find some extra cartomizers for my bcc tank and they had it in stock cheaper than other places and Chris is very friendly and knowledgable definitely will be back more and it's location is close to where I live
5 Chris Tan, the owner of this Vape Shop, might be the most honest salesperson you could meet in life! Prior to my visit, I'd never expected someone would spend over an hour to explain me so thoroughly regarding the equipment (mod, etc.,) I needed and how to use it, he is so knowledgeable in regard and best of all, he is not those kind of normal salesmen to just try to sell you the product, but detailing you almost everything! I am green to vaping and he makes sure every of my penny was well spent. He is simply amazing!!!
