5 Highly recommend! Clean facility, professional yet friendly staff. Dr. Arde was especially knowledgeable and helpful. I will definitely be back!
4 Everyone at the office was smiling and friendly.  The Dentist was friendly and shared his professional opinion on what I should do, and not try to "sell" me on what would be best.  I plan to get my work done here and keep going back!
5 Very impressed with the service!  Very professional.  We had to change dentists because of insurance and were nervous after having the same great dentist for years. however, Dr. Arde and his staff made us feel very comfortable.  We've found our new denstist!
5 I liked this place, everyone was very friendly and professional. Initially, I rated them at four stars because I scheduled an appointment 3 weeks in advance, and was called the the week of to reschedule. They couldn't fit me in any sooner than 2 weeks after that, so I ended up waiting 5 weeks for an appointment. Despite that, everything went smoothly during my actual visit, and Dr. Stulic was very knowledgeable and helpful.   Now, a little over two weeks after my appointment, I am so happy with how my new crown and other work feels that I am changing my rating to 5 stars. I am actually excited to get more work done... so while I am slightly disturbed by that fact, I look forward to going back.
5 Very friendly and clean!
1 I'm very suspicious about this place. The first time I went there, the dentist was so heavy handed and did not go over a lot of things with me as far as my dental condition. I had to probe and ask questions. He also seem to be in such a hurry to get out of there.  The 2nd time I went, I was shocked to see different people, different staff and different doctor. I was assured by the 2nd dentist, hygienist, and front desk receptionist that everyone will be there for my 6months cleaning and check-up.  Today I arrived and found different staff. New dentist, new hygienist, etc. when I made a comment about me noticing different staff, the hygienist had the nerve to tell me 'well, why did you come back if you feel uncomfortable'.   This place is a joke! I wouldn't be surprised if they would have a totally different staff 6 months from now.
