4 I've enjoyed Harajuku Kitchen's food at Stockbridge market for a while, so was excited to learn that they have recently opened a bistro and was eager to try it.  Inside it's streamline and minimalist. With cute and quirky little Japanese trinkets around the place, a large canvas mural on the back wall and Japanese tableware giving it character.  I loved their menu. Differing from other Japanese restaurants in Edinburgh by offering some more exotic and authentic Japanese food along with Scottish/Japanese fusion dishes. From what i've read, the menu seems to be kept fresh by changing according to season/availability of the best produce available. Drinks such as Genmai Tea and Ramune Lemonade (worth ordering just for the novelty bottle) also offer a nice alternative to the ubiquitous Green Tea and Asahi. They do not serve alcohol but do have a BYOB policy, without charge.  I had the Agedashi Tofu and assorted Sashimi (including the catch of the day) with Wafu Salad. The first thing I noticed were the portions. They are generous and a little more satisfying in comparison to other Japanese restaurants in town and are certainly good value. The second was the quality of the fish; fresh, perfectly prepared and complimented by crisp vegetables and a sweet, citrus dressing. Even the notoriously flavour-resistant Tofu had a tasty, smoky flavour and light texture, served in a perfectly seasoned Dashi broth. Having eaten previously from their stall at Stockbridge Market I can also vouch for their appetising Gyoza and Udon dishes.  The staff are faultless. We were greeted by the incredibly hospitable chef/owner Kaori and served by a waitress that obviously knew the menu and Japanese food in general. Overhearing a number of other customers asking questions about dishes, including customisations, which were impressively accommodated without hassle.  My only criticism would be the lack of seating. It's in a great location and has been busy the couple of times i've passed and will undoubtably grow in popularity. I don't want to lose out on a table in the future!
5 Commander Riker said, "Blondes and jazz seldom go together." I'm not sure how fair that is to blondes, but until Harajuku Kitchen I'd have said it was a good generalisation with regard to green tea.  Somehow, it works. Harajuku Kitchen is a beautiful and ungimmicked Japanese restaurant more interested in a good dining experience than being a food theme park. In a delightful pale pink bomb of East Meets West, it fuses soft candlelight, gentle jazz, wooden flooring and chopsticks to create a relaxing and extremely enjoyable mealtime. Harajuku is the area of Tokyo best known for its funky street style subcultures such as Lolita, but the eponymous Kitchen is far more subtle in its decor.  Kaori is a wonderfully cheerful hostess, seemingly thrilled with her establishment (rightly). The first time I came I was able to work by the window using the free wifi (mega Cressi bonus points) as the tea came in abundance. More recently, I came here with Moray L for lunch on a torrentially rainy day. Inside, it was peaceful and oh so warm. We could feel cosy, forgetting the world outside.  Oh and the food! It's all very well having a beautiful and comfortable little place (little is the word!) but if the food don't cut the mustard then kind words won't butter no parsnips and... I'm mixing my analogies... In a foodie confusion caused by the joy of this meal. My tonkatsu was amazing - a goodly portion of delicious, tender pork and flavoursome rice of just the right stickiness to handle easily with chopsticks. The value is very good too; most dishes are under a tenner and if they're all as good as mine (Moray's chicken was to die for too) then you really can't go wrong.  I'm just glad I don't live in Bruntsfield or I would never have any money. I think every meal would end up being bought from HK. Oh yes. Did I mention they do takeaway?
5 Move over wagamama this is now my favourite Asian place and even better it's independent - woot!  When I saw dumplings, that was it.  This was my light meal - yes I'm a sucker for these pork dumplings.  I choose the vegetables version too, just to get my greens!  Both were tasty, in fact the vegetable ones had a nice kick to them.  I'll defo bring the other half here. no doubt about that.  And I'm intrigued to try other dishes other than dumplings!  The decor is really nice - east meets west.  Wooden floors boards and paintings on the wall are simple enough to give it character.  The menu is equally as good if not better as there is plenty to choose from.  I don't know much a bout Japanese food but this could be an education that starts right here!
4 Harajuku Kitchen is the best Japanese food I've had in Edinburgh, and served in the coolest and most comfortable surroundings.  Staff were lovely although rather slow and a bit confused.    Food also came out in a somewhat random order as I am used to things like miso soup coming out before other food, and my miso (complete with onions and bean sprouts, but no seaweed?!) came last.   I would love to have tried more but the prices were really quite steep - my dragon roll was £11.80, which is about £3 more than I've paid in the past.  I also noted that their version of a California Roll was rather different from the classic, with the inclusion of mango and lettuce and a noted absence of avocado.  Ultimately the food really was high quality and, despite ordering one roll and one miso, it was just the right amount to fill me up.
