5 Not just another gym! Although the training center just opened, I've been working out with Borris for almost two years, and couldn't be happier!  He structures his business on small group classes. Each class has between 5 and 10 people, so I get the attention of a personal trainer without the high cost of one on one sessions.  Borris and his staff are highly knowledgable and will custom tailor each exercise to accommodate everyone from a beginner to a competitive athlete.  I highly recommend checking them out!
5 Echo the first reviewer! Well, everything except for the way he spelled Boris...  BEST GYM AND WORKOUT IN LAS VEGAS. PERIOD.  PRO's Amazing Trainers Personalized Attention/Goal Setting Cool Facility Great members Lots of classes Good pricing  CON's None  I'll save you some time. Just join. Great trainers, amazing class options, a good group of members, a cool new facility. First class is FREE so you can see for yourself if it's the right fit. And it will be. Regardless of your goals or experience, Boris (the owner) runs most of the classes, and possesses an insane amount of fitness knowledge to get you where you want to be. He's also hired some great people to run the rest (I'm looking at you, Steve). Since starting with them, I've lost 5% body fat, more than 15 lbs and am in all-around better shape. It does cost a little bit more than a traditional gym, but you get what you pay for. Results.
5 Boris and his staff make you feel like this is your facility.  It is far more than just a gym.  It is not a typical "chain" gym so classes are small and you get individual attention.  They have an open door policy and are always willing to please their clients and listen to their suggestions.  My first visit was intimidating but, within a few minutes, Boris and his excellent staff made me feel welcome and comfortable.  There are many classes to choose from along with times to meet your schedule.  I am not aware of any other gym that designs classes especially for females except for the Colosseum Training Center.  Come join our family-your health is priceless.
5 First class is free, great coaches and awesome family atmosphere, priceless.
5 Our company does a group private session here once a week. It is one of the highlights of my week. Every session is completely different, and completing them makes me feel strong and fit, like I've really accomplished something. These workouts have also been a fun way to spend some non-work time with my awesome co-workers. I would recommend it for any business for health and team-building reasons.   Boris and Steve are the two trainers we've worked out with the most, and they are awesome. They push you to give it your all and you actually like them for it. =)  The gym itself is wonderful. It's spacious and, yet, it has everything. It's pristine. It has a positive environment. Love it.   They also host workouts where kids work out with one instructor while their parents and other adults work out with a different instructor. Such a genius way for parents and their kids to get a great workout, each at their own level!
5 The classes are welcoming yet challenging for all fitness levels.  The coaches really show that they care and cater to your fitness needs and goals.  They focus on form and technique making sure that you are comfortable instead of just throwing a workout at you.  No matter if you are a beginner or a pro, this is the right place for you.  The first class is free so take a class and try for yourself.  You have nothing to loose!  It is alway hard coming into a new environment but I am so glad I took the jump!
5 CTC is awesome!!! I just took my 1st Crossfit class and would you know, I survived!! :) Steve & Boris are amazing trainers and I am so happy to work with them! It really is like family in there. People I have never met in my life were encouraging me to keep going. CTC will forever be my gym....
5 I have never felt so at home in a gym. Boris and Steve are awesome. Every class feels like a personal training session. They are so knowledgable about health and fitness, they can provide the perfect workout for any age or fitness level.  You can always be sure the exercises are safe and effective.
