5 Togos is back in Chandler!! Had my favorite #24 and partner had toasted veggie wrap with avacado added...so good! Thanks for bringing back my California memories!
3 Had Togo's for the first time this weekend. We came in early on a Sunday afternoon. I decided to order the French dip on sourdough and my fiancé had the turkey avocado which was the special of the day. The owner was there and she talked to us about how popular the Togo's chain was in California and gave us a little background history on the company which I thought was nice. She was very welcoming.   The French dip that I ordered I was not impressed with. The sourdough was a little bit too sour for my tastes and really overpowered the sandwich. If I ordered it again I would order it with a different bread but I didn't think that the meat had much flavor either. My fiancé had the turkey avocado and was not a big fan of that either. He had the whole wheat bread which he said was good and fresh but the sandwich did not have much flavor in general.  They did have Pepsi products which is a plus in my book. Customer service was very good. They have quite an extensive menu and I would give them a shot again to try a different type of sandwich. Overall first impression was that the sandwiches that we had did not wow me but I will give them another shot while in the area.
3 Been here twice. Was not very impressed. Very bland sandwich. When compared to a sandwich next door at FRY'S, it isn't worth the extra money. Only positive is they carry Pepsi products.   Had the tuna and the roast beef. Not to much to talk about for a $6 sandwich. I loved Togos from Ca and was actually let down.
3 Ate here for the first time the other day with my 3 kids. The menu is very inviting and a gal that worked there was very friendly. I can't say the same for the owner/manager. He came out and took my money for the order. A little pricey for not many options of sandwich toppings. However I was hungry and ready to try something new.   I enjoyed my sandwich and so did my boys. My daughter however wasn't that hungry but the house salad was pretty big. I told the lady no tomatoes and onion and so se got lettuce and croutons. Not her fault she is just doing her job. I would eat there again but probably order the special.
4 I've been a huge TOGO's fan for decades, so I'm a bit biased, but this location (and its sister location in Gilbert run by the same owners) are very good. The only downside of the new Chandler location is that it's tiny and cramped. The Gilbert location is huge. But both are well-run and are solidly in our regular lunch rotation. My personal faves are the pastrami and tuna (not together!). Orders of magnitude better than Subway, in both quality of product, and the generosity of ingredients (no BS poster showing 3x the actual meat you receive, as Subway somehow gets away with - criminal!).
5 This place has great food and I can't stop talking about the TOGO mascot that dances out on the corner so I wanted to post up the video I took of him!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zdtx3yroZ4
3 Pretty good sandwich. Good service, and good price. I was not blown away. I will keep this in mind if I am in the mood for something very predictable.
5 I was suffering from Togo's withdrawal from the time the previous franchisee gave it up, back in 2008 or so.  So I was thrilled when a new franchisee opened this location.  Service is great, very friendly and efficient.  The sandwiches are exactly as I remembered, tasty and generous.  The owner is very energetic and very appreciative of regular customers.  Hope it's here to stay.
5 So glad they opened one up in Chandler. I had the pastrami as usual with a half Asian salad. Its just like I remember from my college days and definitely did not disappoint.
2 Let me say "I love Togos." This location has the worst service I have ever experience at any Togos.  The kid making our sandwiches took about ten minutes to complete them and we had to "coach" him on how to make the sandwich.  There were 2 other employees just standing around watching tv.  The produce had obviously been out all day and I had to tell the kid not to put the brown avocado on my sandwich.  I expect more from this place. What a let down. Won't be back.
5 Stopped in TOGO's last night on an impulse to get a sandwich. Store is small (but the name is TOGO, so not expecting big, sit-down place!) but very welcoming, bright and clean. The 3 people behind the counter were friendly and upbeat - they all seemed to enjoy what they were doing and working together. Ended up with Santa Fe Chicken Salad Wrap. The pepita dressing was excellent and the wrap was a good size. Also really like their Egg Salad (easier than making it myself!). Will be back for sure!
4 Found out that they had local stores, so had to check it out. Great memories of Togos from my college days in Sacramento.  Had the  turkey and avocado and the pastrami sandwich. Split them with my son. Tasted just like I remember. No five dollar foot long here, but the quality and taste are superior. I will be back.
5 Love this place!!! They have lots of gluten free options and I think they are priced well! I go in at least once a week for their broccoli and cheese soup!! It's the best I have ever had!! And I alway have great service!
5 I have been a Togos customer for years (Bay Area Ca) and was so happy to see them reappear in AZ after closing their previous locations a few years back. I love the #9 and love that they have Pepsi, price is a bit high in the sandwich market but they do give you a good amount of meat.. also like the chocolate brownie. I wish they had curbside, or a call ahead pick up window or a drive through.
5 I was so excited to find a togos in Phoenix.  I grew up on togos in Gilroy, Ca. A great childhood memory.  A great quality sandwich shop that I highly recommend.  The best pastrami sandwhich I've ever had. Their ingredients taste so fresh. Lots of meat unlike some places. I will be honest that I love the pastrami sandwich so much that I haven't ordered much else from their menu. When you love something why change it. For those of you who haven't heard of togos go try it. You won't be disappointed!
