5 Rob is very knowledgeable in health and disability insurance and in the changing time we are going through in those areas, he is a great resource to have.   He is extremely professional and spends the time with you to understand your situation and explain the solutions for your personal and family needs.  Should you be totally confused with how the government is impacting your health coverage and solutions to make it better for you, I strongly recommend you contact Rob and have him spend some time with you.  You will be glad you did.
5 Rob is awesome at insurance. I have known him for years and he is always reliable and honest. He just saved a group of employees I know alot of money and made them so happy. Such a great guy and I trust him with anyone I know.
5 I recently bought health insurance through Rob. He is truly an expert and made it so easy. Why go to some website that doesn't work when you can just call Rob. I highly recommend him to everybody.
5 If the current health care climate has you confused, Rob Hess can help.  Rob walked me through the mess that is health care and found a policy that meets my needs.  I couldn't have done it without Rob.
5 Rob was a tremendous help when my company was signing up for new health care coverage this year.  He completed all the applications, monitored their process through the insurance company, and is always available for a phone call or meeting when we need him.  I highly recommend Rob.  He won't oversell you but will help you find the right insurance for you or your company's needs.
5 I found Rob to be friendly and knowledgeable, and very patient with all of my questions regarding the recent health care changes. If you want the straight answer without pushy sales get it from Rob.
5 Mr. Hess knows his stuff when it comes to Insurance.  With all the new rules and all of the confusing do's and don'ts , you need to put your faith in the hands of someone that can steer you right when you can't seem to make heads or tails of this stuff.  Great person with great options!!!  If you need insurance, then you need Rob!!!
5 Rob was extremely helpful in unwinding the mysteries of the affordable care act for my wife and I and I would highly recommend you have Rob help you understand all of the details.  Also their was no cost for Rob's services as he acts as an agent for most or all of the major insurers in AZ.  Great guy, lots of information.
5 I am self employed and the health insurance market has always confused me.  I never felt like I knew what I was doing when trying to figure it out in my own.  I met with Rob to talk about what health insurance options are out there and what would best fit my needs.  He was very informative and answered every question thoroughly.
