4 Great Cafe Americano. Their Quiche Lorraine is really good and hearty. Other bakery goods look delicious as well.
5 Long lines in the am! Its totally worth it because its the only coffee shop around...a super coffee shop on steroids to say the least! Lots of delicious looking menu items all artfully prepared...salads, pastries, sandwhiches, and even iike mac and cheese you can grab on the fly here. The coffee is awesome...you can order a drip and it tastes wonderful! I also got an espresso drink later on that was fabulous. Some of the bigger coffee chains need to take notes on this place! If there was one in seattle Id be there all the time...
4 Small cafe inside the Wynn Hotel.  You wait in line, then order and pay when it is your turn.  The staff is friendly and quick with their service.  One mid-morning, we decided to get some food here.  I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad ($9.95) and it comes with the Asian dressing inside the TO-GO container.  We also got a bagel with cream cheese, a fruit cup, and an OJ.  After you order, you wait by the counter for your food, then find an open table to sit and eat!  My Asian Chicken salad was very good.  It's a good size portion for the money and I really enjoyed the dressing for the salad.  The OJ and fruit cup were very good as well.    If you need something quick in the morning, try the Cafe at the Wynn.    Xie Xie!!
3 Such random pricing. $6.75 for brie mac and cheese (good size, tastes great), but over $5 for a coffee drink and over $4 for a pastry. It's also the only place to get food after-hours at the hotel so consider it an emergency stop.
4 Who doesn't live the Wynn Resort?  Everything was a hit! The seafood club sandwich, Sangria, and pancakes were awesome. But service lacked and fell short of what's to be expected from The great Wynn Las Vegas.  Still it was a good experience.
5 Had the tomato soup and cheese sticks. Hot, delicious and great value for money. Great vegetarian option.
4 They are open 24 hrs and their mac n cheese is bomb! Even my friend who normally does not like mac n cheese loved it. This is a go-to spot for people leaving XS and Tryst nightclubs late-night.
4 This is a super place to grab a bite at any time of day, as it is open 24/7. My folks came here often during their recent stay for sandwiches at lunch-time, and I went once with them. It was extremely busy so I might opt to go at off times in the future and avoid the lunch crowd. The place is small so we had to wait for a table. Essentially, you place your order at the counter, pay, sit at your table, and they call your name when your meal is ready. Since it was busy, the staff were calling out a lot of names to pick up their orders. It was reminiscent of that old SNL skit (deli counter staff barking: "Burger, burger, No COKE! Pepsi for you!").  The food is really good. As mentioned, my folks had various sandwiches here. I had a fruit and cheese platter that came with small cups of peanut butter for dipping, as well as a gourmet granola bar which I saved for the flight home (that platter had a LOT of food! And it was not expensive, too).   This was a really convenient and reasonable go-to place for a quickie meal. If I were staying longer (and boy, I sure wish I could!), I'd be a regular patron here.
1 I usually dont complain because i used to be a server too. However me and my bf stop by this cafe before watching the dream show at wynn We ordered hot chocolate and americano and there was some texture in the hot chocolate. Maybe some fruit pulp or something. I told one of the staff and she gave me a dirty look and said "do u want another one?" Without apologizing very rude staff  never goin back
3 Solid spot at 4 a.m. Got a baked Mac and cheese - it was way too salty, but I was starving. I also got a juice (can't remember what kind) and was very disappointed. It was like $6 for the size of a Starbucks water cup and it wasn't even freshly made! She poured it out of a plastic bottle!   Go to Zoozacrackers around the corner instead if you're looking for a quick bite.
3 This is a little pit stop cafe in the middle of the Wynn Casino. It's a cool place to stop in for a coffee drink and small snack. It always seems packed with people but you can find a seat most of the time. The food is ok & reasonable priced, but nothing special (they have a spicy chicken tortilla soup I love but it's only served during certain months) and nice yogurt parfaits. The coffee drinks are a bit overpriced but taste nice. Good place to meet up with friends after a long night out or have a quick breakfast before leaving vegas.
2 If you want good coffee, keep on moving. If I made coffee like this not only would it be free, but I'd apologize to those accepting.
4 A little pricey! But pretty good. Me and my sister came here after dinner for a cup of coffee, and to try something different. I ordered a regular white mocha with soy - came to about $7! That's more than a Starbucks cup! It is on the strip though, so can't expect much else I guess. It was a subtle hint of white mocha - I prefer a little sweeter usually - but it was still pretty good.   We didn't have any food, but the portions were huge! Would definitely stop here again on a future trip to Vegas.
