4 I've never been to a harvest festival but this was pretty Sick. It was essentially a pretty big farmers market, but more family friendly event. There was a petting zoo, live bands and very relaxed atmosphere. There was also of course food eating contests. In a field of 12, there was a hard fought battle between yelpers and LJ narrowly beat me. There was also jerky eating contests. The venue was tivoli village which is always beautiful and classy, and there was fruit and ice artists and I thought their works were stupendous.  I had a great time and appreciated the departure from the norm
4 Great time of the year to come out and spend the day with the kids with all the arts, crafts, games, music, a petting zoo and food vendors.   Chicago Brewery was on hand with their beer truck, and there was also a Chili Cookoff by Tivoli Villages' restaurants, but the big draw here was the Pie Eating Contest, where about 12 competitors tried to out eat each other with a Blackberry Pie courtesy of Murray Family Farms.   Fellow yelpers Niyen I., LJ R., and Molly T. competed, and when the time expired, A guy from Jojo's Jerky emerged victorious. LJ and Niyen took 4th and 5th respectively. Overall, it was a great time, and can't wait for the next one!  ALOHA!!!
4 I was in from Phoenix for the weekend, saw the event posted up on Yelp and decided to make an afternoon of it. What is normally a regularly scheduled farmers market is annually transformed into a full blown festival. With food eating contests, live bands, and excitement everywhere. I was aiming to join in on the pie eating contest, but arrived just a minute or two before it started and didn't get a chance to sign up in time. Next time ;-)  After the pie eating contest, I had some time so I introduced myself and chatted for a few minutes with Drew, the local Yelp Community Manager and a handful of other Yelp Locals. It was cool to meet you guys and congrats LJ on 4th place! Or was it 3rd, uh well. You beat the other 12 or so people on stage out to a "sweet" victory!  The location, Tivoli Village, was quite a spectacular venue. With stone work all around, just the sight of the restaurants and retail shops was worth the visit. We got to walk around, check out the different vendors selling anything from manly desserts, beef jerkey, hand made jewelry, fresh farmed vegetables, hummus, and much more too.  On the way out, I stopped by a mobile art studio and perused through a number of pieces from local artists. Not particularly interested in anything on display in the bus, the operator clued me in to the downtown art district, with tons of local antique shops and art studios. On the way out of town, we ended up going through and finding a couple of fun things to bring back home to Phoenix.  I'm a fan of farmers markets, local vendors, and artists too. If you have the chance, come by next year or to one of the normal market Saturdays and Happy Yelping!
4 Loved the Fall Harvest festival, I even volunteered with the Create a Change organization. Plenty of food vendors, lots of music and activities for kids. I wished it was just a wee bit bigger but that's just me wanting to spend more money. Was really hard to find a restroom though infortunately and I don't think they planned parking very well.
