5 We've been through 3 inspections at this point and Kyle of Madison Home Inspection was by far the best inspector that we've had. I was 5 minutes early but Kyle was already there and had already gotten to work. He was _extremely_ thorough. We always buy old houses, and in that situation your inspector is critical as there are always hidden problems that the seller would rather you not know about. At my first inspection I found that I had forgotten almost everything I was told about so I've made a habit of asking copious questions to make sure that I fully understand what's being talked about. Apparently some inspectors find this annoying because it can add a lot of time. Kyle was very patient with me and explained everything at a level that I could understand (I'm not exactly a handyman), and I know that I made the inspection much longer as a result. Honestly, I needn't have worried. He took pictures of everything and sent us a very detailed report (which he had to us that night) that I'll probably be referring back to for a year or two as I work through it to fix all the little things that you get when buying an old house.
5 I've never had a home inspection before, but Kyle made it a great experience. As others have said, he is very thorough. I am house-naive so I asked A LOT of questions and he very patiently explained everything I asked. He took more than 3 hours checking every nook and cranny. His reports are great and have pictures with arrows and complete explanations so clear a child could understand them. I have no qualms about recommending him to anyone.
5 I was very satisfied with the level of detail that was involved with my inspection. The report that Kyle gave me was very professional and easy to understand. I especially appreciated the summary. It will be nice to use that as a to-do list for things that I may otherwise forget about once I have been living in my new house. I would recommend Kyle Beckstrom and Madison Home Inspection LLC. He's affordable, kind, and had great communication before, during, and after the home inspection.
