4 We were driving by and saw the sign. So we were excited to try!  My sexy wife and I always said they need a good cafe in Aliante. Now they have one. It's in the spot where the Original Pancake House used to be.   Service is very friendly and a tad slow.  That's ok though, they just opened yesterday!    Our waiter "Jesus" was awesome and he split our French Toast in two because he knew we were sharing!   We ordered the Denver omelet, Vanilla French toast and country farm skillet!   Everything came out nice and fresh and was good to almost really good!  I think it will get better with time!   We will be back for sure and are excited to try the Lunch and Dinner menu!
1 I too am very happy to see a coffee shop in Aliante Casino and yes it is overdue but again it appears as if the rush to open verse opening well is compromised.  For the wait, i found the coffee shop understaffed. Service was painfully slow and the waiters needed a bit more training. All good people who are trying hard but lack basic experience. I am sure in time they will get better. The manager should stay off his cell phone and pay more attention to his customers. Texting while he should be watching his coffee shop is not a very good sign when your customers are frustrated with bad service. Waiter did not know what the soup of the day was, coffee refills were slow if they showed up at all. Now the food. Cant screw up eggs but get off the simple path and my cheeseburger was overdone, bread was skimpy and crumbled easy as if it was a few days old. The pickle had no taste and the veggies appeared to have been left out for a few hours before they found my plate. Total time from ordering to plate arriving was 47 minutes. A new disappointing record that can only be broken by their sister restaurant, The Bistro where I waited over an hour for eggs benedict once. Had to stop going there too.  Bottom Line, Great idea, poorly executed. I really want to see this place succeed but is appears as if it needs professional help getting started. Staff and procedures are crossing each other and fumbling each time. Get rid of the  fancy clothe napkins for good basic paper ones, don't have the waiter do it all, take orders, fill drinks, clear off tables and be a cashier when you got four hostess standing around. Get back to basics, get rid of the cell phones!
1 I wish no stars were an option. Placed an order asked that the appetizer be brought out first. Never received it. 15 minutes later we were told that our food was about ready. 15 more minutes.....nothing! Our waitress came by once in a half hour. I asked to speak to the manager, and told her the situation. She did nothing but charge us for the drinks we ordered. Fair enough. We ended up going to panda express. And had food within 5 minutes of leaving the hell hole across the casino. I will not go back and I will ask others to do the same. This place should've never opened.
4 Yay !  Finally a non buffet breakfast place around here!  We came two days in a row and this is the 2nd/3rd  day they opened their doors.  So, I'm giving them a benefit of the doubt  by rounding up 3.5 star to 4, as I know with any new restaurant, have to iron out the kinks :)  Hubby and I came at 11:30 am,  and they stopped serving breakfast at 11 am :-( No fear we live down the street.   For lunch, I had the Ruben sandwich and hubby had the meatloaf sandwich.  Both were good. Our waitress Heather was great.    Came the next day for breakfast, and boy it was busy!! 8 am and there was already a 5-10 min wait.   I order farm skillet and hubby had the country fried steak .  I thought the farm skillet was okay, it was a bit on the greasy side. Hubby said the country friend steak was okay.   Our waiter: Shawn (feel really sorry for him, he was overwhelm with too many tables- i think he had 8 or 9 tables at once point) He forgot our coffee but made it up at the end by not charging for them at the end :)    Food: good ( Lunch : 4 Star   Breakfast: 3.5 Star) Service : hit or miss (depending on how busy they are) - I think they really need more servers for breakfast time.   Price: great  !  Lunch price ~$10/person  , Breakfast ~$9/person  Tip for the owner (if you are reading):  1) Please serve breakfast till 2 pm ?  I think stopping at 11 am is a bit too early.  2) Definitely need more waiter/waitress - this is pretty much the only breakfast place around this side of town ! Most breakfast place wants to crowd around Centennial :/
2 Not bad but definitely needs improvement. The servers are slow, nervous and insincere, nobody smiles, too much staff for a Monday night, too much of a business-like environment.  The managers had to deliver our food and get our drink refills. The bus boy did more for us than the waitress. There were 3 girls up front who were learning on the counters talking to customers and looked like they were scared.  I understand that they just opened but the staff needs more training in talking to customers, taking orders, attending to tables, and dealing with concerns.
2 We went on opening day. The service was slow and we had to wait for a long time for drink refills. The grilled tuna sand which was served on rye bread and the turkey dinner was served with no dressing or cranberries. I asked for the manager and was  that they would fix the sandwich but they were out of dressing and cranberries. I thought they would give me a discount of some kind, but they refused. I will not be back.
3 This is the new 24-hour café at the Aliante Casino & Hotel in North Las Vegas.  Besides being conveniently open 24/7, breakfast is served all day, and there is a large variety of comfort food choices on the menu, from a Meatloaf Tower and Country Fried Steak to Chicken Pot Pie and specialty sandwiches.  I found the Prime Rib Dip, served on a French roll, to be fairly good, with lean but not noticeably seasoned meat, and a very good au jus.  But no listed Horseradish Sauce was presented, and Diane's Bacon Cheeseburger was overcooked.  All sandwiches and many other items come with a choice of french fries, house made cole slaw, or homemade potato salad.  I found the potato salad to be very tasty and somewhat unusual, composed of Redskin Potatoes, celery, egg, and some creamy dressing to hold the concoction together.  Service was friendly, proficient, and professional.  Requested ketchup and cocktail sauce were both brought to our table quickly.  Prices, too, are quite reasonable, for adequate portions of food.  3-1/2 stars overall on this initial outing!  This place just opened.  I have high hopes for it, since it is close to where I live and offers much promise.
4 I was very happy with the country fried steak I had this morning for breakfast.  They have a special way of cooking scrambled eggs that makes them very smooth and fluffy, I loved it!  The whole meal was very well prepared and I look forward to returning on a regular basis.  I saw some steaks come out to an adjoining table and they were huge and the people raved about them, so that's next!  My only complaint was the service seemed a little slow but all the wait staff kept asking how I was doing, they were trying very hard but it seemed like a place that had just opened and everyone was trying to find they footing.  I highly recommend!
2 I thought about my review about for this place, but it was always between 2 and 3 stars for me.  FWIW, the service was not bad. Our server was friendly and quite prompt... once he knew he was our server. Considering that the place was basically empty at 10pm on a Tuesday, there shouldn't be so much confusion.  Farm Cafe boasts that as many as their ingredients as can be are locally sourced. When available. So who really knows what comes from where.  The food here is relatively uninspired. What it clearly aims to be is a generic casino cafe restaurant, but their prices aren't very cheap nor is there anything that screams 'interesting' on the menu.  I ordered a meatloaf "tower." I emphasize the word tower because in fact it was just a single slice of meatloaf. I'm not exactly sure how that qualifies as any sort of tall structure. The meatloaf was decent as was the gravy, but the onion strings were overdone and the plate consisted primarily of average mashed potatoes. The best item on the dish was the vegetables, which there were far too few of.  I was there with six others, and asking around, the general attitude was "meh." I'd have to agree. Honestly, I think the food might be better at Denny's, but it wasn't a big surprise.
5 Myself and a large group of friends work swing shift and we all met up there on our dinner break and the Food and Service was absolutely OUTSTANDING and the presentation of the food was awesome.  We all live in the area and very excited to have a Cafe locally that we can frequent.  We will all be going back with our families!!  GOOD GOING!!
1 We love this casino and just ate at the Farm.  The food is horrible.  The french fries looked like they came from the local high school and the burger looked like old meat loaf.   My wife took one bite and asked me to taste the burger; it was the most awful bite of any piece of meat I have ever tasted.  I think it was left over buffet meat that was given a cup of salt.      I am a horrible cook, but at least my burgers look like a hamburger patty.   The staff is awesome, but the quality of the food is real bad.   Either the chef is given bad product or he/she is really clueless.   I guess if you visit the Farm try the breakfast menu, it is hard to mess up an egg.   Bring some Tums if you order off the dinner menu.
1 Went to the Farm for dinner last night. We both ordered Country fried steak with gravy on the side.  When our dinners finally arrived, they both had gravy on the steak.  Sent them back, when they finally came back they were inedible.  I think they "cleaned-up" the original steak, reccoated and refried it.  The coating wasn't sticking well, when I cut the first bite, the coating fell off, the meat  was black, hard and greasy.  By the way it wasn't steak it was ground meat of some kind. No way was I going to eat that mess and pay for it.  Won't be back to this restaurant.
3 This review is after 3  visits at different times of the day.  Our first visit was shortly after they'd opened and it was in the morning. Not really impressed. Seating was slow, service was slow with a nearly empty restaurant, so yeah...not too impressed with that. The food was good though. I had the croissant French toast...yummy.  Had to give it another try...this time it was after a concert at Aliante. Well, it was okay. Service was better, but my order was wrong and the coffee was pretty weak.  The next time was for breakfast. We were seated quickly, served in a timely manner and the good was good. French toast for me, pancakes for the hubby...both really good. You have to get meat on the side, but the portion is pretty generous.   All in all you should expect an IHOP or Denny's atmosphere. 24 hour service is a plus. The menu is pretty limited. I noticed that they don't have a kids menu, so beware if you are bringing little ones. The ingredients are mainly locally grown, if at all possible, so that's nice.  I'm a Blueberry Hill lover, but this place is way closer and a reasonable stand-in if I'm not headed toward blueberry hill.  I'm hopeful there will be improvements as time goes on and they get into a good groove.  Now,
5 I am very confused by the other reviewers of this restaurant. They must be employees of the Friday's located in this casino, employees of other nearby cafes and coffee shops, and are worried about the competition, or they are people who have no clue about what a coffee shop/cafe is. Let's be clear, this is a coffee shop/cafe and an excellent one! They have Burgers; a Petty Melt, Reuben, Club Sandwich, French Dip (Prime Rib Dip on their menu), Meatloaf, Fried Chicken, Country Fried Steak, Turkey Dinner, Liver and Onions and all the other usual suspects found on a coffee shop/cafe menu. They even have a "proper" chili cheese burger served open faced, which back in the day was only served open faced by every diner, cafe and coffee shop and called a "Chili Size". The food is very good, much better than any Denny's, IHOP or other cafe/coffee shop in the area. The prices are ridiculously low for a sit down coffee shop/cafe in this day and age, especially when you consider it is located inside a casino! When was the last time you saw a Deli Half Pound Sandwich, made with your choice of deli meat and bread, for $8 on a menu?  Until this restaurant opened I had to buy a whole corned beef, cook it myself, buy a whole bottle of Thousand Island dressing, a can of sauerkraut and purchase some Swiss cheese from the deli counter at my local grocery store to make a Reuben Sandwich as good as the one they make!  They have recently started serving breakfast 24 hours a day! A brilliant move! We have breakfast for dinner every Thursday night and at these low prices and extensive breakfast menu choices, we will be there on many Thursday nights.  This restaurant gets five stars from for being a perfect cafe/coffee shop. The only small complaint I have is that it is much too bright in the dining room. Will somebody please replace all those lights with lower watt bulbs or invest in some dimmer switches - LOL!
4 Breakfast was very good. The food was really fresh like the farm to table concept. Prices are reasonable. Service was just ok. I would come back here for sure.  Had the waffle really light and tasty and syrup was nice and light not overly sweet. Also had the cheddar bacon omelet the eggs were good but cooked a little more done than I like.
4 Service: they were attentive and focused on us the entire time. Also, they did something I have never seen at a restaurant: they brought my daughter her food first. We have a one year old, and she was getting a bit fussy as we waiting for dinner. But, to our surprise, they brought her food out, served it, and said, "we hope this keeps the little one happy. Your food will be out shortly." My kid started to happily eat her chicken while the wife's and I were able to continue out conversation.  It was a great surprise. Or service was equally impressive.   Food: Classic comfort food. Filling, messy, and just what we wanted. The wet fries were good, but filing for two people.   Atmosphere: some smoke seeped in from the casino floor, but it was not too noticeable. And it is really bright inside. White walls and bright lights. Ouch. Not that we aced too much, since we will be back soon!
4 Visited rather late at night (sometime between midnight and 2 am). Food was amazing. I got the BBQ burger which is topped with tasty onion strings. Portions were huge, too! Only reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is that while the servers were nice (I had more than one server check on me, cool stuff!), they did socialize and laugh very loudly at the host stand, which I found to be unprofessional. Also, when refilling drinks they use a pitcher instead of fresh from the fountain which kind of flattens the soda and is also against health regulations, but whatevski!  If I'm ever back at Aliante I'll eat there.
1 Never again so many things wrong with this place. They took an hour to serve our appetizer and all the food was super salty first and last time honestly
1 WARNING- if you are looking for a fresh and delicious meal, don't go to Farm. I'd give it 0 stars if I could. It was a disaster. We ordered the Belgium waffle with a side of bacon. Waffle was served with hard butter in those packets but the waffle wasn't hot enough to melt it. The bacon was way cold so I only ate a bit of that. My daughter ordered the eggs Benedict which came with country potatoes. The poached eggs were over cooked and the potatoes were the ones you buy from the freezer section of the grocery store.  If that wasn't bad enough, the service was even worse.  We got the food dropped off and then the next time we saw the waitress, it was to drop off the check.  No question of how the food was or anything.  She did have enough time to be laughing loudly with the other staff in the back though.  oh and by the way, they only had two other tables when we arrived and they were finishing up. Her loss because after all that I couldn't justify a tip. I'll never go back and predict they close up shop in the near future.
2 I got a food voucher from the casino so we decided to try this place. Only a few people in the place. Our server was prompt but didn't speak well. When I asked for egg on my salad, he asked how I wanted the egg. When I said hard boiled, he wrote it down, as if I would have wanted it over easy? The food arrived fairly quickly. I had the salad which was good but I asked for no olives and there were a bunch in there. My husband ordered the grilled turkey sandwich but it was missing the advertised pesto mayo. I also had the pulled pork sliders on a biscuit. First off, it was the smallest slider ever. It was an appetizer so there was only 2. The pork was chunks, not pulled. The sauce was good but the pork was gross. Chewy and flavorless. Yuck. When the waiter asked how everything was, I told him of the issues. I over heard him telling the manager, he returned to ask if I wanted something else. Honestly I'm never eating here again, so no. They took the nasty sliders off the bill and we paid. Never going there ever. I miss OPH!
4 We tried this place after a movie. Service was good, fast. Waiter checked on us several times. I tried the Corned Beef / Cabbage special, was pretty good. Wife tried the Caesar Salad, good dressing lettuce was crisp. Son thief the T-Bone and he says it was perfect. So we were a little surprised it was as good as it was. Will go again.
2 Not much to say besides this place offers basic café/diner food. Think a little more expensive Denny's in a casino. I have had the BLT sandwich and also tried the patty melt... both sandwiches are better if you go to Johnny Rockets a few feet away. They did have really good potato salad. But overall average place.. don't go out of your way to come and try.
2 Average in every way.  Nothing special.  But tastes good. Just plain Jane. Boring like any regular breakfast you'd cook at home.  It'll do in a pinch.
1 When I drink my go to food is chicken tenders and fries. It was about 3am on a Saturday when I ordered my meal. I was so excited to eat it so I basically ran to my room. When I got to my room and opened the box I was extremely disaapointed.  Although the fries were good the chicken tenders did not even look like chicken tenders. The breading looked so slimy sort of like the fat you find on the chicken when it's raw. I tried peeling off the "breading" but didn't even get finish one piece. I did taste one of their turkey sandwiches beforehand and that made me actually want to go there in the first place, but after those tenders, methinks not.
4 Didn't expect it to be so good. We both had the chicken fried steak and potatoes. Really good! Didn't taste like prepackaged garbage. We'll definitely be back, next time for breakfast. Our server was attentive and the food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.
1 The food here is not good at all. We ordered bbq beef brisket and sausage and the tuna melt. The brisket was smothered in bbq sauce which I could live with but the meat had fat on it which should have been trimmed off. Nothing is worse than unknowingly putting a fork full of fat in your mouth. The cornbread was old and dry and the side of potato salad was discolored on the top and old as if it was sitting for a while uncovered. It tasted like supermarket potato salad (no flavor). My girlfriend had the tuna melt and only ate half. She said it wasn't good, had no flavor and didn't want any more. The name FARM and signage leads you to believe that the food served would be a fresh farmers market type meal, similar to the Hash House. Service was not bad but just okay. In comprehension, the Cannery's cafe provides much better service. I have ate at a lot different places on all levels and this is gotta be one of the worse. I'm not the guy that is going to complain because a poorly ran establishment is the fault of management not the workers. I just simply never return. I gotta say that the House of Pancakes the once occupied this restaurant was excellent and I am not sure why it was closed.
4 I'm surprised at some of the other reviews. I ordered scrambled eggs that were cooked perfect, cornbeef hash and potatoes. My daughter had pancakes and an English muffin. The service was decent but I could see it lacking if it were to get busy. I will return for another meal.
