5 I was excited for my first trip to Isabel's Amor.  The new restaurant looked sharp.  We sat on the patio on a beautiful Arizona day.  I was with friends and we all had one of their unique cocktails.  The drinks were classics with nice little twists to make them special.  We enjoyed them.  The food was very good.  I had the Carnitas.  I was impressed with the quality and preparation. I should mention the chips and salsa are addicting!  Perfect spot to meet friends for drinks/apps or take the family for dinner.  Go to this restaurant, you will enjoy your experience.
4 Enjoyed a wonderful meal at Isabel's today. The facility is very nice and modern with a beautiful patio.  The food is fresh, local, and delicious (the tortillas are made fresh - man are they good!). If you still have room after the main course, the desert menu features some amazing treats.  At the end of the meal you get chiclet gum - a nice touch.  Prices seemed a little above average, but worth it if you are looking for something classy.
3 We were excited to see a new upscale Mexican restaurant open in the neighborhood and especially excited after we read the first reviews.   When you step in Isabel's you can see the owners put a lot of effort into the decor.  Utilitarian- but beautiful.  We were greeted by a warm staff that quickly seated us next to the rolling glass garage door.   Once we read the menu, we started to think we may just be lucky enough to have a Barrio Cafe equivalent just a couple blocks away.  I ordered the chicken tomatillo tamales and my wife ordered the chile relleno.  Unfortunately, Isabel's can't hold a candle to some of the finest Mexican food Phoenix has to offer.   One of my tamales was almost entirely corn meal.  The other was flavorful, but the chicken was dry.  My wife's Relleno was tasty, but the chiles had been charred leaving behind the withered and tasteless tops that could not be seen until you bit into them.  Not good.  Now, the drinks are another story- WOW!  Unbelievably tasty, but you do pay $10 for the best of what Isabel's has to offer in the alcohol department. Overall, the experience was not bad, but it wasn't great either.  For the prices, I can say we expected a lot more.  Perhaps as they work out the kinks Isabel's will bring a lot more amor to my taste buds.
2 The atmosphere and drinks are good.  Other than that, if you want to eat Someburros and spend more money doing it than this is the place for you.  Half of your plate is rice and beans and the actual entree is mediocre at best.    I wouldn't recommend going here for dinner.  If you want a nice atmosphere to enjoy some drinks and appetizers than this is a better option.
4 We know Poncho's and the chain Someburros and heard the family was opening a new spot so we had to try it.  The restaurant is located at Williams Field and Val Vista on the Northwest corner.  It is set back a bit from the road.    We were greeted promptly by a pleasant hostess upon entering.  We asked to sit out side and she seated us at a table with a bench cushion on one side and a regular chair at the other side.  After sitting for a minute or two we moved to a different table in the sun.  We received our chips and salsa very quickly as well as water.  The waiter and bus person both seemed very eager to please.  The chips and sauce were good -- not salsa but a red sauce.  I had a house margarita which is served in a mason jar.  Very good -- 7$    The regular menu has a lot of what I would call non-traditional mexican dishes as well as some items like burros and tacos which are more familiar.  The lunch menu has 5 items priced at either 8$ or 10$.  My friend had the green burro with beans and rice off the lunch menu 10$ and I had the Carnitas Torta off the regular menu -- 9$  The waiter made a point of telling me "the dishes are all traditional Mexican food -- there is no americanization of the food."  I asked if the torta came with beans and he said no, it comes with thick fries.  So, immediately contradicting himself -- no traditional Mexican food I have ever eaten comes with French Fries.  Anyway, I digress..  The torta was really a sandwich, carnitas (a little dry and too chewy) lettuce, tomato, avocado, onions and some mayo sauce.  It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing, it was just OK.  My friend had the green chili burro and we both tried it and it was delicious albeit a bit on the small side for 10$.  The beans were excellent.    The decor is tasteful with lots of neat touches everywhere.  The restaurant is not overly large but has a nice patio which probably seats 34-40 people.  They were not busy today -- only 2 other tables while we were there.  The staff outnumbered the customers 3 to 1.     We both found the service a bit on the suffocating side.  Checking back constantly, talking too long at the table, etc.  We both prefer simple efficient service, bring a wonderful product and then let us enjoy it.      I really hope this place is a great success, it has all the right ingredients -- I think a few kinks have to be worked out and perhaps the menu needs to be a little more mainstream and lower priced.  Most of the entries on the regular menu were between 13-16$ which is a lot for Mexican food.    Would we come back?  Maybe, if we were in the area.  Would I drive from NE Mesa to eat at Isabel's?  Not likely.
4 Very quaint new little place with good ambiance.  Quiet decor and a nice bar seating area. Our waiter was very friendly and prompt.  We started with a unique flavored margarita, Blackberry Sage.  It was delicious!  Their house frozen margarita was delicious as well, included organic agave. Both were served in mason jars.    All our food was nicely prepared and rice had a nice flavor.  The only complaint was that the carnitas were pretty dry.  We explained that to the manager and she welcomed the feedback.    Onto the desserts which were REALLY creative and tasty.  I would recommend the Margarita Lime Cheesecake served in a baby mason jar. If you order to go, they send you home with the cute labeled dessert jars.  Hopefully they can make a few tweaks to the food and this place has a lot of potential! Love the location !  We will def be back.
5 My wife and I went to Isabel's Amor last night, just because we were in the area and decided to try someplace new. We were rewarded with one of the best meals we have had out in a long time. The restaurant was very warm and inviting, and the staff friendly and welcoming. The service was attentive and pleasant.   We ordered the House Made Pico De Avacado, which was a delicious citrus flavored avocado dip. I had the Chile Verde, and loved every bite. The meat was tender and flavorful. The rice is very good and the refried beans were some of the best I have ever had. My wife had the Poblano Chile Relleno, which was delicious.   The price was very good for the quality we received. We will be returning to try other menu items, no question. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
3 5 stars on iced tea 4 stars on bean dip and beans 4 stars on the salsas both are pretty good 3 stars on chips, they are cold 2 stars on taco , pretty basic and $8 2 stars on tamale , ok taste but only a very small amount of meat and a lot of masa  Didn't like the rice but I'm not much of a rice person anyway so idk how to rate it  Ambiance is nice , service is okay , prices are high
3 First time for dinner last Saturday night. Not crowded with lots of staff. I had one of their combo dinners. Enchilada with beans and rice. It was good, price a little high compared to other Mexican restaurants in the area. Limited draft beer choices. The decor was nice and the staff was friendly. I'll try it again. I was struck by the number of employees vs customers. Good location, nice outdoor seating.
5 Came across Isabel's randomly and was pleasantly surprised. I have celiac and this place is very GFREE friendly. Great atmosphere and food. I will be back.
5 My wife has been following them on Facebook months before they even opened, but we hadn't had a chance to go visit until this past Friday night (12/20/13).  It was well worth it.   It's a smaller restaurant with comfortable indoor seating and outdoor patio seating along with bar seating. The staff was friendly and apologetic about the 20 min wait time for a table due to two large business Christmas parties taking place at that time. However, once seated, we were well-taken care of. Our waiter was efficient, yet unobtrusive. Bus staff was busy, but you never seemed to notice they were there.   Chips and salsa came out, delicious. I had the Dia De Los Muertos Pale Ale, my wife had a mojito. The wine list does not feature any wines from France, but it does feature three from Southern AZ - very nice touch! The menu is not overly large - they obviously know what they can make and do it well. I ordered the Poblano Chile Relleno, my wife ordered the Chili Rojo de Pollo.  Very much a gluten-free menu - most everything can be made GF or already is.  Once the food arrived, it was hot, steamy, and delicious. The Chili Rojo de Pollo was so good, it reminded us of the food we had at our wedding... 17 years ago!   The price was excellent for the quality of food and service we received. Isabel's Amor has definitely found its niche as an upscale Mexican restaurant.   We have a favorite Mexican restaurant in Tucson; I think this has become our new favorite here in the Valley. We will definitely be returning.
2 My husband and I didn't have high hopes for the food based on the reviews, but we decided to try this place out anyways because we were hoping for some awesome cocktails close to our house. We would have been much better off driving a little further to Joyride instead.  We should have known things would be bad when we arrived to an almost empty dining room 8pm on a Saturday night. It was just us and a guy sitting at the bar. Three staff members sat at a nearby table chatting it up while they were doing some prep work.  Our waitress was sweet and earnest, and she definitely kept this from being a one star review. My paloma cocktail was completely unremarkable, but my husband thought his whiskey cocktail was decent. The food was totally disappointing though. The street corn tasted like it came straight from the can or freezer which likely explains all the accumulated fluid at the bottom of the dish. The jicama and watermelon salad was pretty flavorless. At least it came out quickly. My cucumber and avocado torta didn't have any cucumber and just a few pieces of under-ripe avocado. It also had some tomato, onion and mayo but that was it! I can't believe they didn't put any queso fresco or jalapeno on the torta. Needless to say, I've had much better tortas for half the price ($9). My husband got the $16 steak entree which he thought was way too citrusy. The beans and rice on the side weren't even as good as what we  make at home.  I would be surprised if this place stayed in business much longer. The idea behind the restaurant is good, but the execution is lacking.
5 Great place for couples. We had the carne asada which was great, my wife had the fajitas which were perfect as well. We finished the night with the strawberry cheesecake in a jar. It was wonderful as well. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
4 This placed is great my husband and I went last night for our first time. Love the atmosphere and employees are on top of everything.  Food came out pretty quick.   We started with the jicama and watermelon appetizer which I loved. The flavors were great only thing is its $6 for a small amount of fruit/appetizer even though most appetizers are small for $6 bucks its over priced but its worth trying.  I got a chicken & beef enchiladas- chicken was ok, beef was amazing their tortillas are delicious im not sure if there homemade but they sure taste like it. Out of the 3 choices of beans I was satisfied with my choice I tried my husband and his were grest as well. Rice as not good its like every mexican restaurant its flavor less and on the plate to take up room.  My husband got the carne asada - He enjoyed it but we thought for $16 he'd be full or at least get more meat out of it. I buy 1 pound for $6 at the store and thats a deal :)   Overall... less rice and beans more entrée Definitely a must try! We'll be going back most definitely! !
3 My wife and were excited to come upon this new place when pulling into grab a bite at Blue 32.  Always looking for killer upscale Mexican near our house.   We have eaten here twice in the past couple of weeks.    First the good stuff.  The red salsa they serve first off with the chips is outstanding.  Also the beans (all of them) are off the charts good.  Tortillas are killer as well. The staff is on top of things.  Not sure how they would do if it got busy however.    I love the space and the decor is ok....I would have done the place more rustic adding more wood, iron, and candles.  That seems to be what they are going for with the upscale Mexican menu.  They keep it way to bright in the evenings.    Now for the not good.   The entrees are just not good.  We've tried 4 different entrees in our two visits and found none of them all that great.  The pork carnitas were some of the driest I've ever had.   They have they're entrees priced way too high for the quality of food coming out of the kitchen.   Also the drinks are priced too high as well. $7 for a 12oz bottle of beer... $5 for a draft beer...$9 for special drinks. I don't see folks in Gilbert paying these prices.    I really hope this place makes it, but it seems to be nearly empty most times when we go there or drive by.    We will go back, but only for happy hour.  Bring on that salsa.    Hopefully the owner reads this review:  1. Bring the entree food quality up to what it should be. 2. Lower the prices on the menu $2 on most near everything starting with the bar.  3. Tweak the decor and lighting for better ambiance.
4 Isabel's Amor is the first restaurant I visited in Phoenix while I was on my recent vacation.  Being closer to the border, I was wondering what an improvement on their Mexican food over Utah's would bring.  The selections were definitely different, however, I wouldn't label this "authentic" Mexican - more of a Texmex, or what I refer to as "clean" Mexican.  This is an alright thing, actually.  The food was not greasy at all, the selection of four different kinds of salsa made my tastebuds happy (although still not as delicious as Cantina's in Sandy, UT), and everything was delicious.   I had the Mexican street corn and, although not what I thought it was, it was delicious!  My friends enjoyed their burritos...I think all of them had lunch burritos.  I'm not a bean girl, so I steered cleared of those (and my friends later that day - zing!).   Our waiter was great - he picked up on the sarcastic nature of one of our girls early on and matched her pacing, which lead to a lot of laughs from the group.  Well played, sir!  We sat outside and he turned the heaters on for us when our table became shaded from the sun.  he kept our drinks full and area clean. Thanks, Isabel's for a great experience in Phoenix.
4 Nice atmosphere. The servers were all very nice. We both had the carne asada which was excellent. Home made tortillas are amazing. They could use to expand their bar menu a little,  but did have my favorite beer in cans. Would go again.
2 Meh. Cute place. Small and clean. Bathrooms  are super nice.   The salsa they give with the chips is really yummy. The house margarita served in a mason jar was yummy. The Borracho beans are AMAZEBALLS.  I had the steak fajitas. Here's my issue. They give you one tortilla and a plateful of meat. I had to ask for a second tortilla. It should automatically come with AT LEAST 2. Everywhere else I've had fajitas, they give 2 torts. The meat was quite gristly and came out in whole pieces when you bit into it. So maybe invest in a better cut of meat? Hubby had the Pescado De La Parrilla, which is the fish. It was delicious. I wish I had ordered that, instead.  It was a quick meal for us on or way home. I may try it again, but the prices are a bit high for what you get. Next time I plan on getting all the appetizers to try. You MUST get the borracho beans. THEY ARE BOMB!
2 My fiancé and I stopped in for a quick dinner on a Tuesday night... The place was pretty empty. We sat at the bar, since it was the only place you get happy hour, service was attentive and quick. Since the appetizers were discounted for HH, we got 2. The corn and the "pico de avocado" were both fine, but pretty small portions. The menu is pretty simple and the decor is nice. We were both really disappointed in our food.... First I was sent out the wrong item. I ordered the chile rojo chicken dish, what I got was the relleno. I def snuck a bite, before sending it back. When I got my dish i was disappointed in the presentation, the chicken looked slopped on the plate, like cafeteria food. I thought the over all flavor was really boring and certainly not worth the $14 price tag. I just ate my tortilla and gave up. My fiancé's dish literally looked like dog food. He said it tasted similar. I did not try it. We both thought the rice and borracho beans we not worth eating. The salsa they brought us at the brining was watery... More like taco sauce.   On a good note... The tortillas and margaritas were good! Doubtful that we would ever return.
4 First visit with 2 other adult couples. All meals were nicely prepared. Nothing over the top fantastic but for a new place, very pleased. Service was ok and should improve over time. Try the Mexicali Mule. Liked that the served AZ based wines as well. Look forward to coming again.
5 We had an amazing experience at this quaint restaurant.  It was a beautiful day to sit on their patio.  We had great margaritas in mason jars and great wine too!  The chips and dip were wonderful.  The salsa is a bit spicy, but we loved it!  Food was well above average for a Mexican joint.  Atmosphere is the best part of the place.  We would go back in a heartbeat!
4 My wife and I decided to try this place one night since it's close by and wanted good mexican food. Love the area and the setting. Nice patio section. Service was great. My wife is a big nachos fan so that's what she ordered. It had great flavor, but she just didn't like the presentation. She likes a pile of messy nachos and these are served with perfectly layered and topped chips. I had a corn tamale and a chicken tamale with black beans and rice. I thought they were outstanding. Good flavor, just not an extraordinary amount of meat, but it was fine with me. Tasted great. The black beans were excellent also. Rice was rice, nothing special. Prices are on the up side for what you get, but I sometimes don't mind paying it if it's good food, as this was. I had one draft beer, which was $6 I believe, since I was not sitting at the bar to get happy hour prices. Definitely don't like that idea. Why do I HAVE to sit at the bar to get happy hour prices? Why have a nice setting in the cafe and nice patio if you're not going to give me happy hour prices while I'm there?
3 Great looking place. Neat location. Food was basic fare.  Chips and salsa were really good. Margaritas were not strong at all. Tried a variety of foods. Chile verde was bland at a comfort food level. Carnitas were nice and greasy as they should be. Tacos, well, were tacos. Be cool if the flavors popped a bit more. Good stand by place.
5 New restaurant that I'm happy to have tried. It has a pretty cool modern setup and is very clean!! The menu is great with lots of items to choose from and the food is VERY fresh! I will definitely be a regular!
4 Not your typical American Mexican Food, a little more gourmet.  Good food and drink, friendly service, clean place with a nice patio.
5 Been looking for solid Mexican food since moving from CA two years ago. This place is amazing. Homemade tortillas, high quality and great flavors. Can't recommend enough, will be back for sure.
2 I'm always excited for locally-owned restaurants and was really enthusiastic until the food came.  I'm really only giving them 2 stars, because the service was fine, the patio was nice, and the salsa was good.  However, the food was both bland and barely warm.  I read on their website that the owners are part of the Someburros family, so I thought it would be good.  I was willing to pay twice the price for good Mexican in a higher end atmosphere.  My husband joked that the person who recommended Isabels owed us $40 and an apology. Lol!
5 What a find! My daughter and I were out looking for a cafe type place to have dinner. I saw this place remembering that I've been wanting to try it. Lovely atmosphere, wonderful service and delicious food! We like to share meals so we ordered Baja Shrimp Coctel, Tamales, and Churros with coffee. Everything was so good! And to make the food and atmosphere even better they have live music on Thursday nights! What a treat, the musician is funny, talented and interacts with customers. You can even make requests. I look forward to another Thursday night dinner here.
5 First visit to Isabel's Amor was great.  I went with a group of friends and we had the best time--great server, environment was unbeatable (cute patio with lights), live guitarist (who was awesome) and the food was perfect-to-order.  I had the carne asada burrito and it was delicious, soft tortillas, and the meat melted in my mouth.  My husband had the tamale platter (I sneaked a bite) and it was so good I wish I had ordered that instead. The service was great, and it was a little bit busy, so our server had a hard time reaching our large party.  But, I loved having a quaint diner like Isabel's in Gilbert. I highly recommend it.
5 Yum. Lovely decor. Cute patio for a nice day. Great Mexican beer selection. I was just reading that this restaurant is affiliated with Ponchos in central Phoenix. It doesn't get more authentic than that. Much fancier here, tho. The service was wonderful and the food was delicious. Came for lunch. Great tortas -I'd recommend getting beans over fries but both are good. Burritos delicious too. Mexican corn was amazing. No complaints!
3 This is a cute little place to grab a bite to eat. I didn't think my veggie burrito was anything to write home about but it was alright. I felt things were a little pricey but I might be willing to go back and give it another based on others rave reviews.
3 Giving three stars because my girlfriend liked her Torta. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and found the chicken to be very dry (as if any juice was squeezed from the shredded chicken) and the sauce to be very bland. Enjoyable atmosphere, and decent service.  Just not sure I'll be back.
3 I was a little underwhelmed by this place. I went on a recommendation from a blogger I normally trust. I had the carne asada and it was tough and not very flavorful. The saving grace was the refried beans and the tortilla was probably the best tortilla I have ever had. I would go back but would likely only order a big bowl of refried beans and some tortillas.
4 Excellent!  We tried this for lunch and it was very good.  Food was fresh and the fajitas were delicious.  Service was very good as well.
5 Quaint, charming and yummy food!   Was there for dinner and our party of 4 stayed till their closing time. The food was yummy and I enjoyed the experience. Again can't recall the names of the dish but the appetizers and entree were both very good! I recall having no room for dessert, so could not try the flan.   This is not a huge chain type of restaurant and you can feel the difference here - in a good way! Service was good despite our server having more tables than usual to wait on. And the food tasted fresh - which is awesome when it comes to Mexican food and you can taste the flavors!  I will be back!
4 Took the family from Tucson, and we are all very picky when it comes to Mexican food. It's hard when you're Mexican and come from a family of Mexican restaurant owners.   Red sauce=no bueno   Carne asada= bomb   Salsa= good  Beans= good  Rice=ok  Tortillas=bomb   Carnitas= eh...kinda dry  All in all, we will return. Staff was super friendly and on their game!
5 Best carne asada tortas. Only $9 and you get a huge sandwich with a large portion of fries. Make sure to dip it in their jalapeño ranch.
