5 Bcn has locations in Henderson and southwest. I attend both meetings on a regular basis to meet other business owners. We get breakfast, meet 20-40 people each meeting, and also get useful business training, all for 10 dollars. If you are looking for access to local businesses and referrals, stop by and meet a nice group of people.
5 I have gone to both meeting locations.  Great group of people!  Run very well and organized.  Has great education topics at every meeting and all for $10.  There is a meet and greet time before and after as well!
5 I have been a member of this group since last fall and I have to tell you that it has helped me with my business tremendously.  I have meet some wonderful business owners and have learned incredible trade secrets I would not have otherwise encountered.  The fact that you are not required to pay an annual membership fee was exceptionally attractive to me as starting up a new business is costly at best.  The $10 per weekly meeting (breakfast included)  held at the Comfort Inn on Monday mornings at 7:30 - 9:30 is only required when you come but since I love it so much and it's a convenient time, I gladly attend every week.  Although everyone feels strongly about using each other's expertise and services as well as referring their colleagues to members, there is no obligation from the network to do so.  There are no commitments so it feels more like a team and a family.  Most of all, I go to listen to the inspiration speakers that always have insightful advice about marketing and achieving goals and keeping focused on growing the business.  Becky is a wonderful leader and we appreciate her efforts in keeping the meetings interesting and informative.   Each member is given some time to introduce themselves and their business.  We draw names to win a free 5 minute commercial (presentation of our business with whatever props or power point we care to bring). and anyone can buy a 3 minute commercial for a small fee.    Anyone who does not get what they want from this group would have to be asleep at the wheel.   I would highly recommend this group and plan to do so on a regular basis to my business associates.
5 I have been attending the Southwest meeting for the past 6 months. I found the meetings very helpful to my business, Chicagoans In The Desert, LLC.  So much so, that I introduced three of my business members to BCN.  Becky and her staff are friendly and always show a true and honest desire to help you grow your business.
5 A great group with phenomenal speakers & wonderful opportunities to promote your business. Four locations around the valley - I attend Thu AM at 730 in the southwest - come join us!
5 If you are looking for a networking group that contains great business owners that truly care about each others success than look no further than BCN, Becky Stonebarger's efforts to build one of the preeminent networking groups in the city is remarkable. You want an opportunity to showcase your business in front of a large group, this is it. In addition to great camaraderie, there is always a 15 minute training aspect to every meeting. I cant believe this such an affordable group, $10.00 for breakfast and then your done. Check out the 7:30am meeting at 215 and Rainbow every Thursday!!!
5 I started attending this network meeting back in November 2013.  I quickly became a regular at the meetings when I experienced the shared passion each of the business people have for what they are doing.  I love the "learning" aspect of the speakers that spend their time with us as well as the great opportunity to hear more in depth from the actual business owners during their commercial time.  There are 4 groups that meet around the valley for convenience.  I attend the Thursday morning meeting from 7:30-9:30AM at the Holiday Inn on Rainbow & 215.  It's only $10 a meeting when you can attend.  No nickel and diming members with silly fines.  Just business people who want to help each other grow their business. I encourage those reading this review to make it a point to come visit us for a meeting and you will get hooked!  Thanks Becky!
5 I've been a member of this networking group for a couple of months now and I've already done successful business with some of the members.  I really like being able to have an opportunity to do a 30-second commercial every time I attend, which really gives me brand recognition for my business and overall great practice for my "elevator speech."  I can tell that the leaders of this group are dedicated to the overall success of the members as they show that they care.  They attract a mature, professional crowd of business people that is there to genuinely help each other's business.  I see alot of value in being a part of this club and plan on continuing to attend weekly.
5 Becky is too notch (she's the founder) and I've quite enjoyed all the great members I've gotten to know. Thanks for great events! - Jase
5 Before joining BCN I was getting discouraged with the networking scene in Las Vegas. It's time consuming and I've been in some groups for years and not gotten a single lead or referral.  Not so with BCN.  I've only been an active member about three months and already I've signed up two clients and received more referrals.  These folks get it, and the management of the group, particularly Becky has become a good friend. They know you're not just there to have breakfast and hang out. This is a crowd of grown-ups, all focused on enjoying each other and helping each other.  Everything is geared toward giving members the tools to be more successful.  This is one weekly meeting I won't miss.  I see my business gaining speed with BCN as one of my valuable marketing tools.
5 BCN Is an excellent networking group. There are several locations in Vegas to choose from. So no matter what side of town you live in you can find a meeting. All the members seem to really try to help build each others businesses. Becky Stonebarger has done a great job. Thanks Becky
5 Thankfully a friend of mine took me to my first meeting about 2-3 months ago and i can honestly say this is the best group i have ever been apart of! The people here are absolutely amazing, warm and caring. They have multiple locations and always very welcoming. Listening to the various guest speakers and soaking up the information is one of the best reasons to attend a BCN meeting.
5 I never participated in a formal networking group before and was very surprised with the high caliber and diversity of the members.  I have been to all three locations and have made great connections at each one.  Not only have I met business people that need my services, I have also met people that who provide services that I have needed.  Great job BCN!
5 I have only been to this networking group twice as a guest and I have already gotten referrals.  After seeing all of the great benefits that come with membership (such as radio spots and commercials)  I joined as a full time member this morning.  I really like the focus that is put on getting to know you and what your business is.  This isn't a coffee club.
