4 The Pandas have entered the building.  And like that, the newest bar to hit the New Town bar scene opened its doors. Walk down the carpeted staircase and you suddenly come upon a basement level speakeasy bar, with bartenders in tweed tartan bow ties, waistcoats and the most impressive of facial hair.  This is certainly a bar with distinct style, and class (where did class go to, anyway?)  The thing I liked the most, immediately, was that it's well lit and warm; not 'mood lighting' that makes it too hard to see your dining companions. It's warm mood lighting, that shows off the vintage inspired interior perfectly. Including the two barber chairs up the back...  For this a vintage barber-inspired bar. I'm beginning to wonder whether impressive facial hair is a requirement of the bartenders here. The toilets have moustaches painted on the mirrors for the chaps (so I'm told) and the ladies have hairstyles to 'try on' via painted mirror images. The barber chairs. Other vintage elements include a bill in a 'Fishermen's Friend' tin, and candles placed in men's hairwax tins.  The cocktails definitely have a speakeasy taste to them. Short, served in sherry glasses, and with quite the punch. The Bamboo was a delightfully dry sherry and vermouth concoction. Small, but mighty (and very reasonably priced at £7.)  I see hints of the now-shut Raconteur, but in a whole new imagining. It's a new bar to hit the Edinburgh scene, not connected to any others, but well supported within the Edinburgh bar scene.   My advice is go here sooner rather than later, before it gets very popular and crowded, so you can admire all the beautiful attentions to detail that make it the bar it is.   I raise my Bamboo-filled glass and toast good luck to this newest bar!
4 To beard - verb: to boldly confront or challenge. But while it's bold, there's nothing confrontational about this new barber-themed bar. It's cosy but not poky, light but not glaring, and there's so much space that will easily fit the many people who no doubt will begin to flock here as word spreads.  And what fun! The candles on the tables nestle in old hair wax tins. The bill is delivered in a Fisherman's Friend tin. The walls are home to old framed adverts for hair treatments in that excitably verbose writing style found only in old adverts... and occasionally my reviews. Some of the chairs are even barbers' chairs; add to this the majestically styled facial hair of the gentlemen behind the bar and you have a mighty fine theme going on. All of the staff were also wearing very nice bow-ties and were extremely perky. How can one not be perky, when one is finely coiffed and attired in a nice bow-tie?  Now here's something extra exciting: I ordered water. The guy basically juggled my glass around anyway as though he was making a cocktail! Scoop! Sloosh! Ice with a flourish. Plop! Lemon slice with aplomb. This is the happiest water I've ever had.  Edinburgh has been famous for its pandas for a while now - here's one more to bring the crowds.
4 I'll admit that I jumped to certain conclusions about Panda & Sons, based purely on the silly name; and yes, there was a lot of luxuriant facial hair behind the bar. But I quickly decided this place is much more than a cynical hipster-trap.    I was there the night before the official opening (I know - get me) so the paint was just dry and the carpets in the entrance hall still had that unnaturally springy show-home quality. Despite having a decent-sized street level shop front, Panda & Sons is basically a basement bar. But what a basement! Three large rooms are beautifully decorated and lit, striking a tricky balance between brightness and coziness which makes the best of the low ceiling and oddly angled walls.   From the front door (located on the corner of Queen Street and Charlotte Square) right through to the olde-worlde glass cabinets on the walls, the theme is barber-shop. It's not over-played though - just lots of dark wood, candles in pomade tins and even a gleaming brass gramophone. It's very classily done.   The drinks are the star turn though, with the extensive and inventive cocktail list offering plenty to intrigue even the most jaded bar-fly. The highlight of my evening was Bamboo - a cold, tart sherry-based affair of which my granny would definitely not have approved (bless her).   Because it was a slightly unusual evening, the bar wasn't exactly packed, which I think cooled the atmosphere a bit; this place needs to be jumping. But I'll definitely come back during normal opening hours to explore further. Panda & Sons promises to be a very welcome addition to Edinburgh's ever-growing lineup of credible, cool and quirky cocktail bars.
4 On the first official opening night we (group of 6) visited Panda & Sons. We were greeted at the entrance by Dan "the Doorman". Quick turn left an down the stairs.. through the bookcase and there we were.  " * " wow. a big stone dance floor kind of space opened up for us. Bar to the right, cellar alcoves to the left and centre.   We explored the underground and settled on a nice table of 6. Nikki, our cocktail waitress was handing out the menus and telling us the stories of Panda & Sons. We got some water delivered in wine bottles. Nice touch. After reading about P&S I got us a condensed milky cocktail for 6. They were delivered in a mini milk bottle carrier containing 6 small milk bottles and a paper flagpole straw. It was different for sure. We kept ordering bottles of Jacquard champagne and many more cocktails. My current favourite is their take on a Bloody Mary: Red Panda. Just rightly mixed and spiced enough to have no weird after taste.  We saw the bar filling up very nicely and the patrons were all over all the guests serving cocktails and poring out stories and taking in compliments. All very well received and deserved!   I like to say Thank you to Mr Panda and his family for creating two brilliant new words into my vocabulary: Pandalicous and Pandagasm
4 Went here last night with some friends on this places first night open to the general public. Nice entrance when you walk down the stairs and then have to go through a bookcase to get into the bar itself. Nice new interior (still smelling slightly of paint). The theme for this place is 'barber shop' so lots of barber shop memorabilia that also finds it's way into the menu. Large main area in front of the bar but with lots of cosy sitting areas in 'side rooms'. Lovely cocktail list with lots of twists on classics. They have some cocktails for sharing and we started with the milkyway hero that was server in little milk bottles and a straw. Each further cocktail we tried was served in a unique way. They also have a nice selection of sherries, wines, champagnes and beer. Only point of critique is that the music was to load in my opinion. When I go somewhere to drink nice cocktails I want to able to talk to my friends without having to shout. Will definitely be going back to see if they deserve the fifth star.
5 In sumary......I like this place a lot!!!  From the quirky Barber shop entrance reminicent of China White to the bookcase doorway its sets a great scene.  The drinks menu is perhaps a little wordy.......there are a lot of words!!! But the drinks well....the drinks are beautifully crafted and well presented sparks of genuis.  The waitress said they are going to have a bar snack menu soon but in the meantime the piri-piri popcorn will do just fine.  Knowledgeable staff....nice setting....good drinks...Happy!!  Panda & Sons comes highly JD Recommended!!!
5 5/5. Wow pretty crazy after having one cocktail here and less an hour!  So ill tell you why... firstly I havent been in a cocktail bar like it. Barber shop from the outside...carpeted entrance which felt like I was entering one of my friends flat..and then a quicky bookshelf entrance. I love how this place is different.  The cocktail i had..it wasnt even that keen on, but thats not to say it wasnt well made or you couldnt tell it was a 'proper' cocktail. It just wasnt my taste, but that was my fault not theirs and you have to try to find out.  Im excited about this place, and cmon lets me honest who doesnt like a strong cocktail and pandas! Its a winner...Oh and MEET CRESSIDA is happening there??!! awesome!!
4 i was lucky enough to receive an invite to the pre-opening night of Panda & Sons, which i gleefully accepted as i've never been one to turn down a night that would included a brand new bar with a brand new cocktail list!!  on trying to find the place Jenny L, Richard C, Georgina R and I had a wee bit of a struggle.  we wandered up Queen Street watching the numbers but not actually seeing 79... had we come the wrong way?  gone too far?  but then on the corner there appeared a well light door with stairs going down and friendly bouncers to let us know that we'd found the right location.  and what a location it was!  we entered the bar through a well lit stairwell that ended at doors which appeared to be bookshelves but once opened let us into a well light rather busy bar.  it all fed into the whole speakeasy feel.  the bar was done up with a barbershop them, including barbershop chairs, retro hair product adverts on the walls, cool hair dos on the mirrors in the bathroom, and empty tins of hair gel used as candle holders.  it was all very cool and i definitely loved how this place just had slightly different vibe than what i'd seen before!  on arrival and throughout the night we were offered prosecco and gin & tonic and also given little cups of popcorn for munching.  sadly, their cocktail menu although ready had not yet been printed so we couldn't have a browse of what they had to offer.  they do have a speciality called the bamboo that the bartender recommended so we got a round of those to try.  i quite enjoyed the bamboo, it had a sweet sherry taste with a very strong alcohol kick at the end!  not for the faint hearted, but a very enjoyable drink to savour.  so overall a very enjoyable evening at what appears to be a very awesome new bar in edinburgh!  four stars for now as i need to go back to try out their cocktail menu before i can decide if they deserve the full five :)  however with what they had to offer on their pre opening night i'm sure that i won't be disappointed!
4 I love Panda & Sons - it's a quirky new cocktail bar with a difference. Situated in the end of Queen Street you see this Barber Shop (really, is this it?), steps leading down and finally through the bookcase doors - it's all in the 'speakeasy' and vintage style. And it's the first bar where I can sip a drink in a vintage barber's chair, if I wish so.  Oh the cocktails are pretty strong! I have sampled quite a few - 'Milky Bar Hero for 6 people' was served in a cute little mini milk bottle with a straw, how cute is that! ILast time I had what was probably one of the most delicious Bloody Mary I have ever had - it had proper flavour, without being too strong and not watery - just right. What impressed me was the care the barman took with making the drinks. It was not a rushed job, like often happens in a busy bar on a Saturday night. He even tried a little bit, just to make sure the flavour was right.  You get little pots of pop corn as complimentary snacks, and you can also buy other nibbles from the bar.   This place brings a smile on your face!
4 It's a cool quirky bar, a little off the beaten track. The staff are friendly and it's got a nice vibe. I like bars that are a little different... There was a lot of thought put into this one and the attention to detail is great - I particularly like the bookshelf doors.   My only issue was how long it took to get a drink at the bar, a really long time. They either need more bar staff, or need to get rid of the bar stools on busy nights, as there was only a small section that you could order from. Hopefully they'll sort that out. They do have table service, maybe the trick is to never leave your seat?
5 This is rapidly becoming my regular - In fact Nikki from the bar said as much (Thanks!)  - I upped my review with one star, thus a perfect score. This is well deserved as the amount of work and detail that these girls and guys put into their cocktails and service is amazing.  We went on a busy Saturday night and it was clear that word had spread... could that be our reviews?! It didn't take to long to find a decent spot for 6 people to sit and indulge and enjoy themselves. We positively went for the "Red Panda" cocktail - as recommended by ..moi, swiftly moved on to the "Milky Heroes" for 6 and I took the opportunity to order "The Birdcage".   Oh my .. "The Birdcage"..  : a delightful, sensational and try wonderful cocktail.  When arrived in its revealing splendour the table fell silent - for a bit (well Tanja was still talking, but mostly silent) then the "Oooh" , "Aaaah" and "Wow""-s were plentiful. All deserved. The cocktail is covered by a glass dome (Kolk) filled with the scent of wood fire smoke. And when we smelled it  we were all imagining a campfire in the woods, this was amazing.   The preparation of a good cocktail takes time, this may be an issue for people that want things "now, now, now".. I'd like to advise them to hold their horses and calm  down. You are here to enjoy the FULL experience which includes the opportunity to see their exquisite cocktails being prepared to perfection in front of you. They take no shortcuts, though variations in presentation are clear between each cocktail maker, which is fine with me. And you can always use the table service, which is fairly frequent but you need to take into account when it is busy that it too, may take a bit of time.   The service is brilliant, yes they just opened, but they take the time for each and every one of their guests. Yes 'guests' not 'customers'. You feel like you are visiting as a guest - being it a paying one though, I hope that feel stays.   I like going here.
4 All the talk among Yelpers these days, we were happy to finally try Panda & Sons out last night. I am not sure what to make of the elaborate panda barbershop speakeasy theme yet, but at least it is amusing.   The cocktail menu is a novella of drink descriptions. You basically need to order something to drink while you read through the menu to decide what you want to drink. My Shanghai Paloma came in a plastic lemon with a big bendy straw - clever presentation in theory, but in practice the strong smell of the plastic took away from my enjoyment of the drink (which was otherwise very good). My second cocktail, whose name I have forgotten, came in a regular old glass and was delicious. There were some good beers available as well, for those not delighted by cocktails.
3 If you didn't know that Panda & Sons was a bar, you would never know it was a bar.  If that makes sense.    We had just finished lunch at Mark G 'round the corner and were wondering where to get a drink when we passed P&S.  I stopped and declared "you know, this place is a bar, we could go here?" and The Man responded with "no .... really?  Are you sure?"  We arrived right at opening so there were only a small handful of people hanging about.  We walked up to the bar and were ready to order when we were told to take a seat and that someone would be with us.  Ok that's cool, but I knew what I wanted right then, so why did I need to wait for someone to come over and take my order?  When the waitress did come, she was friendly and smiley, and remained attentive throught our time there, despite the fact that we were tucked away in an easily forgetable corner.    Our drinks were definitely fantastic, though I wasn't hyper-keen on the paper straw that turned to mush by the end, and we were both amused by the tin can that served as The Man's "glass".  We both definitely enjoyed P&S with staff and libations absolutely faultless, but we thought it was just trying a bit too hard to be hip.  Vintage barbershop is the image of the moment, but I can't help but expect that the glass display cases lining the walls will eventually become a dusty and neglected reminder of a fad.    I'm not sure I would return, though the only real reason I have behind that is that I can get equally good drinks at places that have natural light.  A bizarre reason, especially for the kind of place you only visit in the evening, but hey ho.
4 Review to come soon! Just got say those cocktails were rather good indeedy!
4 First visit to this new establishiment and it won't be the last!    The cocktail list is vast but I choose the "theatrical" Birdcage from the menu after Cressida F mentioned it to me.  Wow!  That's all I'm gonna say - I don't wanna spoil your moment if you order this cocktail!  It's tasted amazing too!  The space is small but somewhat well laid and fresh.  It was quite busy, but that's a friday night in town.  I guess i would come back to experience it all again hopefully on a quieter night as i could barely hear what other folks were saying in conversation as it was super noisy!   Defo worth a trip though!
5 Great bar, interesting cocktails and very friendly service. Without a doubt the speak easy nature of the entrance adds something different to the experience.  I live within 100 meters of the bar, and only found out it was a bar when I tried to book a haircut. No joke.
5 This subterranean joint is cozy and elegant, and amazingly spacious. They are renowned for their cocktails, and we had some flaming smoking whiskey delight that tickled my tastebuds and had me reeling. Nice bar staff, cute patrons, and all themed as a barber shop run by a family of pandas - if I got that right.  Good times.
5 I had never been a big fan of cocktail bars until Panda and Sons, upon a recommendation from a friend.  Loved the speakeasy feel of it, with the fake barber shop front and the entrance behind a bookcase.  Staff were great, loved the appetizers (we got a cheese board and a charcuterie board - although sad that they ran out of pork scratchings!) and my Birdcage cocktail was something to behold - smoke everywhere, and it tasted like amazing.    Am going to be curious to explore the rest of their menu/storybook one day.
4 I was going to meet a friend and he'd suggested to meet at Panda and Son's. His text message said "meet me downstairs" and I was  wondering what he meant. I arrived at the door and it gave the impression to be a barber shop but THAT is only its disguise. What followed made feel a little like Alice... I had to follow a stairway downstairs and arrived in front of a bookshelf. Which hides a door. THrough the hidden bookshelf door and there I was standing in a very nice bar.  The staff were very friendly and the cocktail menu is big and quite extravagant. I wasn't drinking alcohol that night and the waitress helped me find my own delicious non-alcoholic cocktail which arrived shortly later and which I enjoyed.  It was a quiet night but it was a Tuesday so fair enough... I am going to go back down there again for sure.  On a Friday or Saturday and check out the vibe  for now I can only say: Go!
5 I'm insanely proud that I am not shit faced off cocktails while writing this because frankly I wanted to write my love letter to this place the minute I arrived.   As many of my friends will mock me, I am lame. And this could be due to the fact that I don't *really* like booze that much. Don't get me wrong, I like booze-effects... but I don't like alcohol. I like a cold brew on a Friday evening after a long work week. I like an embarrassing glass of white zin with ice, and I like a £7 tastes free of alcohol, heavy of citrus, cocktail.   Oddly enough, I wouldn't imagine Panda and Sons sells white zin and I wouldn't waste a visit here with a beer. There was a cocktail menu with pretty much no indication of what was in anything, so I decided that for £7+ I could tell the bartender to make it taste like herbs and lemons and not like booze and he would probably do it for me. Yes, he did. And he triple goddamn checked to make sure I liked it. And he let me have the teeny bit extra that was watered down because of the ice that most bartenders won't let you even see, and he let me gush at him while he shook a million others and then he made me another one that he *knew* I would like.   And that, my friends is how you get someone LAME, who hates 'too cool for school', 'full after 5.30' 'dark and pricey' 'gussied up girl' cocktail bars to come time and time again. It is the perfect, no, better than perfect, place to take all your work mates after a long day of speaking slowly to foreigners, to get buzzed ASAP and be best friends forever. It's the perfect place to have a girls night out. And it's the perfect place to dare someone to buy you drinks all night to see if they're willing to spend loads of money on you (not that money is important, just checking).   There is a door, that is hidden by looking like a bookshelf. I could have just said that and you should have run the hell down there.
4 Cocktails - ace  Location - off the beaten track Beer - needs work but has goose island which is nice.  Seating - plentiful but book on a weekend night Food - not tried it yet but I need to.  Staff - nice enough.  Only holding off 5 stars as I want to go back again!
4 I've been aching to get the time to go to Panda & Sons for weeks now and I finally got the chance to go one night with my fiancee and friends.  The initial experience wasn't very good as we approached and were told by the gent on the door that it was a "2 out 2 in" approach as it was so busy, which was fine as there was a 40th birthday party going on. 30 seconds later we were told that we could go in, so we got all excited and walked towards the door then we were stopped and were told that only 2 could go in. After explaining that we were a party of four and were wanting to remain that way we were turned away again. We decided to come back later.  We came back after visiting another few pubs and went through the same routine as before. We were told we could go in, walked towards the door then were told only 2 could go in. This must have happened another 2 or 3 times before we all had to kindly ask the doorman if he could just tell us when we could all go in instead of telling us the same thing over and over knowing what we were going to say.  We finally got in and upon entering it was worth the wait. Entering what looks like an old barbershop, you go down a set of stairs and through a "secret door" which is shaped and looks like a bookcase, it has a very classy feel and sends you back to 1920-30's USA where the sale, manufacturing and transportation of all alcoholic beverages was illegal throughout the states, hence where the Speakeasy scene came from.  You almost feel like a VIP upon entering as you enter in to the main bar area. Low sitting seats and tables are dotted all over with quieter and more intimate areas further away from the main bar. Even the bar workers (I hate saying barmen but it is a very stereotypical set up, men making the drinks and females wandering around the bar with trays picking up empty glasses) are very dapper in appearance.  The ceiling is low, the lighting is low, the dress code is the classy side of casual, verging on "hipster casual" (shirt, ties/bowties, waistcoat yet there were gents who were there in plain shirts and jeans). The gents behind the bar were all "slicked back hair and waxed moustache", creating cocktails at ridiculous speeds, making it look as easy as pouring a glass of water. The beers are poured in dimple/stein glasses and the cocktails look beautiful. I tried a Long Island Ice Tea which got quite watery rather quickly but I would put that down to the heat and not the mix. The other cocktails I seen get made were beautifully presented like mine and I did at one time watch the barman create a cocktail for a gent off the top of his head because he (the gent) wasn't getting excited about anything on offer.  At the bar of the bar is where it's best to sit with friends if you're only wanting  a drink and a chat. As well as little booths that are built in to the wall there are cabinets full of old shaving/barber equipment. Brushes, waxes, old Wilkinson's razor (the straight ones). Overall this bar is amazing and would be well worthy of 5 stars without a doubt but because of the initial experience, I was a bit miffed. Will definitely be coming back a bit earlier during the week in the evening to get a full experience of the place.  For the negatives that I have shown, please be safe in the knowledge that the positives were outweighing them tenfold. I just had to stop typing. Get your best going out clothes on and enjoy a night here.
4 Intelligently adventurous cocktails, narratively creative atmostphere, and a knowledgable/friendly staff.  I'd walked by Panda & Sons 3 times in a week before learning it was a cocktail bar, being tricked into believing its storefront identity as a barber shop, but once I figured out its true, secret identity, I was more than pleased with the experience. The cocktails lean towards the bold/tangy/gung-ho variety as opposed to delicate. Think ryes, rums, whole eggs, and jerk syrups and not so much herbally, citrusy, gin-based concoctions. But the panda-sized creativity of these drinks is well worth the risk (thyme & sorrel foam, hello), and there's open invitation to ask for off-the-menu classic cocktails if the ingrediants are in stock.   Seems like its smart to arrive early- pre-9pm, if you want to have time to linger and not be part of the in-crowd. But the speakeasy vibe, panda barber meta-narrative, and helpful and attentive wait staff (and generously skilled bartenders) make this a must-visit for anyone longing for quality adventures in mixology.
