5 I have been eating at different Pho resturants since 1998.  You know that super thirst you get after eating a bowl of yummy Pho?  It's because of the MSGs.  The Spring Roll Factory doesn't use MSG so no super thirst or after taste.  The owner came and was explaining how he makes the broth everyday.  I will have to say that it is the best Pho place in all of Arizona.  I pretty much have discovered all the restaurants in the Valley....even the one up in Flagstaff, which isn't so great.
5 Super friendly staff, delicious food, fast service. What else could one ask for?  Can't wait to go back!
5 Super sweet family owners, quality pho and spring rolls. Had a beef pho, chicken pho, and grilled pork bowl for me, my wife and two young kids. All was very tasty. Very casual so great for the kids. Owner made me a green mussel on the house which was very good as well. Opened very recently, go check them out if you are in the area.
5 My wife and I had the pleasure of trying SRF today and tried the grilled Pork sandwich, Salad and egg rolls then Richard gave us two Mussels to try out and ALL OF IT WAS AMAZING! Very friendly staff and the food delicious while staying healthy. Please do not go to a greasy chain, you owe yourself to eat fresh healthy food!  Can't wait to go back again!
5 I have probably been to 40+ Vietnamese restaurants in search of the ultimate bowl of soup. As far as the pho goes.. Spring Roll Factory landed right in the middle of the pack. I've had better. I've also had much worse. The menu here is a little dumbed down, and includes the basic Viet menu items which will appeal to the majority. The most important contributing factor in my own personal Pho Scoring system is the broth. This is where SRF excelled. The broth (beef pho) was mildly sweetened by anise, and charred ginger flavors. Then salty, and rich. Maybe a tad on the salty side.. but still very good. I prefer to spruce up my soup with salt and heat as necessary. Other contents of the soup were typical, minus the meatballs, which I would say were above average. Very flavorful. I would like for my sliced meat however, to be sliced thinner, and rare. I did have an issue with the spring rolls as well. I would love for them to include more basil, or cilantro, as they were on the bland side.. mainly consisting of shredded iceberg lettuce and cucumber. The complimentary egg rolls which I hear are gifted on your first visit made up for this though.. Get some of them!  The service was the best part of my experience here. Don't get me wrong! I enjoyed my meal.. but the woman (pretty sure the owner) who greeted me when I came in totally won me over as a customer. She was personable, and sincere. She seemed to be very happy, and explained to me some of their food preparation processes. She  really put out some good vibes, and this is why I gave 5 stars. For me, my experience with service at a restaurant weighs just as heavy as the food experience.  Spring Roll Factory is a new restaurant in a great area. They offer quality food at a reasonable price, with fantastic service. I am sure anyone else would say the same-
5 I've been hooked on Pho for 6 months now and have tried most of the Pho restaurants in Chandler. The Egg Roll Factory is one of the best, especially the service.  The owners and their staff are very nice and always make you fell welcome.  The Pho does not have MSG which is a plus.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their other menu items but everytime I get to the counter,  the only word that come out of my mouth is , I'd like the beef Pho please.  So support the Egg Roll Factory, wonderful folks....
5 I could hardly wait to get home and write this review. My wife asked if I wanted to go to this new place call Spring Roll Factory and I agreed thinking we were going for Chinese food.  As we are walking in she told me it was Vietnamise food. I was a little worried as I had never had Vietnamese food. As soon as we walked in the two owners greeted us and asked if it was our first time. They explained the menu and gave us some suggestions. We ordered a bowl of Pho, an order of pork spring rolls, and a rice plate with chicken. I loved the Pho! Very tasty noodle soup. The rice plate with chicken was great with the fish sauce and the spring rolls were pretty good. I like them with the peanut sauce better than the fish sauce.  We also got the free egg roll with the sweet and sour sauce and it was AWESOME, the sweet and sour sauce is FANTASTIC! We are definitely hooked and will be back.
5 Thanks to Richard for treating my mom and aunt and I so attentively.  Bahn Mi sandwich tasted so clean and fresh. Next time I try the pork! Spring rolls were delish, peanut sauce so so yum, i can eat it alone.  Aunt Mary's pho bowl was ginormous, large delicious portion. Again the the freshness of the veggies really was grade A.  My mom's noodle bowl with chicken report was "extremely addictive." Thank you for the egg rolls on the side and the tasting menu.  Good luck, see you when I return to CHANDLER!
5 We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner last night, just that we wanted something close by but good.  After using Yelp to locate this restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised to find something GREAT.  With the fresh ingredients and charming owners, authenticity was the name of the game here. My chicken pho and traditional shrimp spring rolls were amazing. And the owner, Richard, didn't even flinch when I rattled off my order but asked him to modify it because I'm so damn picky! It was easy there because everything was made to order.   My husband, son and I will be a frequent and regular visitor to this wonderful eatery, and so should you.
5 Impeccable food and great casual place to eat. The owners and staff were very friendly.
5 OMG!! If you have not been here you need to go.  This place just opened & has a small specialized menu.  They owner is the chef & he knows his stuff.  This place is more than spring rolls; they have fantastic rice plates, PHO, sandwhiches & more.  Very clean, friendly, well priced & AMAZING food!    Seriously, you need to visit this place.  Local business, local owner & fresh hand made food.
5 I don't know why, but it took me a while to find this place, it's 'kinda' hidden in the shopping center, I even had to call because I was ready to leave because I was that frustrated in finding it. It's right next to Bosa Doughnuts!  It's a pick-an-item-off-the-menu-board-and-they'll-bring-it-to-you-kind-of-place. I was hoping for a full restaurant experience, but the food and service definitely made up for it. The lady at the front was very friendly and was eager to help. I ordered the beef pho, spring rolls (for here) and pork sandwich (to go for the hubby).  The beef pho was extremely hot, plenty of meat, and the broth was perfectly spiced. I never had marinated/grilled meat inside of a vietnamese spring roll, but it was delicious. (Wondered why there was not peanut sauce, and only clear vinegar oil- but it was still good). There is a counter in which you can pick up utensils and condiments to your heart's content. Never seen a pho house do this. Very clean and well maintained.  The lady at the front came by to check on how I was doing, and she turns out to be the owner. Very nice and we got into a conversation about where she's from, and where I'm from... that is a family-run business. She explained how the menu is really condensed because they just want to focus on certain menu items. They don't want to have too many products, and to just have some simple, healthy and fresh items. In which I agree with, but saddened that flat thick noodles was not an ingredient they use.  Prices are very affordable, food and staff are great, which is why I'm sad they're not closer to home. : / AND they take credit cards. +1.
5 If you haven't tried this restaurant yet, you are missing out. Pho I amazing. Don't miss the spring rolls, rolled right in front of you. Fresh ingredients, perfectly prepared and excellent flavor. Clearly family owned with pride.  I am planning my next trip for the ban mi sandwich.
5 I felt compelled to finally write a yelp review because this place is just so good people need to know about it.  It's a little hard to find if you enter the shopping center from west most entrance which brings you in behind the place.  As another helpful reviewer mentioned , it's right next to Bosa Doughnuts.  Now for the actual review.  I love Pho, Vietnamese french bread sandwiches and Vietnamese style spring rolls.  Since I moved to Ahwatukee (working in SouthEast Tempe), I have been looking for a place that had this in more of a reasonably priced cafe/take-out type set up rather than more formal sit-down dining.  Now I have!  My first stop I got Pho Ga (Chicken) and Grilled Pork sandwich for dinner.  Both were so good I came back the next day for lunch, and while intending to try other items, I ordered both of these again.  This is the best Pho broth I have had.  It has amazing savory/fresh flavor without being too salty . Many Pho restaurants overdo the salt/msg so I leave most of the broth in the bowl.  Not the case at the Springroll Factory (when I shared my compliments they mentioned that they do not use MSG).  The chicken, noodles and veggies were all just right too.  The bbq pork is amazing too.  Excellent flavor, tender and served on a nice crusty bread like they are supposed to be.  I sample the bbq beef and it was just as good as the pork.  This is a small place with a few tables and the dine in experience is not fancy (which I generally prefer).  The service is excellent and friendly.  It's a basic menu (e.g. they stick to just two of the most popular Pho varieties - chicken and beef).  Rather than do a whole bunch of items they have fewer items done very well and at reasonable prices.  I have to get back soon and try the springrolls (which they make while you watch) as well as some of the other tasty looking items.
5 My husband and I visited because we have never eaten Vietnamese food before. The staff was amazing! We met the chef, had Beef Pho and Shrimp Spring Rolls, everything was delicious and fresh. We will definitely be back!
5 This place is legit. Very affordable. Mussels are incredible. Pork and chicken is very tasty. Pho and spring rolls are quality. The owner/cook and his wife are very friendly and will treat you right.
5 Wonderful food with a friendly staff.... If you have a craving for pho or spring rolls this place is perfect. Good prices too!
5 Great food and very nice people. The pho noodle soup is awesome! I recommend this place.
5 Best pho I have had...EVER. Top notch service and excellent value. I had the beef pho and the meat was fresh and tender. The broth was savoury with the perfect amount of unique spice. The spring rolls were so fresh and they don't use to much lettuce as filler. Five stars in every aspect.
5 1st time eating Vietnamese food. Very Good! Very friendly staff. The standard has been set. :)
5 My girlfriend and I have been to almost every Vietnamese restaurant in Tempe and surrounding areas and Spring Roll Factory is definitely one of the best around (if not THE best). As we walked in, the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. The next thing was the extremely friendly owner who greeted us and took our order.   As an appetizer, we decided on the Grilled Pork Spring Rolls and an order of the Egg Rolls. The spring rolls were served with the garlic fish sauce but we also asked for the peanut sauce as well. First off, the freshly wrapped spring rolls were perfect! The garlic fish sauce was just right without too much of the fishy taste/smell and the peanut sauce was also delicious.   My girlfriend ordered Pho w/ Beef which came with a generous amount of meat, fresh veggies and phenomenal broth. This place is a definite must for Pho fans.   I ordered the Noodle Plate (Bun) with Grilled Pork. The grilled pork here is by far the best I've had. Unlike other places that serve the extremely thin sliced pork, these pieces were a little thicker and extremely flavorful. The veggies included in the bowl were also fresh and crisp and the garlic fish sauce that goes on top makes it perfect.  Because everything sounded so good, we also ordered the Grilled Pork Sandwich to take home. We ate the sandwich about two hours later after getting home and it was delicious! I could only imagine it is that much better freshly served.  To top it all off, the owner was kind enough to give us a sample of his baked mussels. We are typically not a big fan of mussels but the owner puts his own twist on these perfectly cooked and seasoned mussels topped with sautéed green onions and crispy fried onions. If I were to have a rare craving of mussels, Spring Roll Factory will be my first stop.  COFFEE. Almost forgot the coffee. I just barely noticed their "Factory Iced Coffee" on the menu as we were about to walk out the front door so I had to give it a try... and I am glad I did! Just like everything else we had from here...the coffee was awesome. I'm no coffee connoisseur but the iced coffee had just the right amount of sweetness without killing the coffee taste like you get at the chain coffee shops (Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc.).  I couldn't recommend what to get because EVERYTHING was just too good. We will definitely be back here (very soon).
5 Had the summer spring rolls. If you are going to try some spring rolls here...those are the ones.
5 This place is great! I've been looking for a Vietnamese place near my work and today I found it! The spring rolls were delicious! The pho was awesome and the service was fabulous! I would definitely recommend trying this place.   The only thing I would mention is that the noodles are different than what I am used to. I'm not a pho expert by any means and the noodles aren't bad just a little bit thicker.
1 spring roll was 85% ice berg lettuce, sucked. Bahn Mi was even worse, big long stalks of cilantro, dry semi hard pork. I made a huge mistake by not going to Lee's Sandwich.
5 Our first time there yesterday and the woman at the counter greeted us with a nice smile.  I absolutely love that it's close to our house and the food was above our standards.  At least here you get all of it,  great food for your pocket.  I never had outstanding customer service at a Vietnamese restaurant,   so that to is a plus.   The owner took time out to come over and introduce herself and talked to us about the concept of her food.  I thought that was very thoughtful of her.   We ordered beef pho,  pork banh mi,  Pork rice dish and 2 orders of goi cuon (spring rolls).  Everything was made to order and tasted very fresh.     I recommend this place to everyone who loves Vietnamese food.  This place went above and beyond for the customers and our family is glad you came to our side of town.   Keep up the wonderful job and we will see you soon SRF!!!
5 My favorite Vietnamese restaurant! I love it, my wife and kids love it. Spring rolls and Pho is on point. Non greasy, just right. Great affordable price. fun and easy place to bring the family. I love them so much that I am networking with them. Highly recommended. Oh yeah and the clams are like you never had them before.
5 Yep call me a SoCal vietnamese food snob... But this is probably some of the best pho in Phoenix since I've moved here! The owners are really down to earth and have great service... Even got a free egg roll! Definitely will be back to try the rest of their menu!
3 I am kind of surprised by all the 5 star reviews on here because I didn't think their pho was that impressive. It was good, but nothing amazing. I actually thought the broth was a little bland. I couldn't detect any of the spices I am used to (anise, cloves, ginger). I am not an expert on what is authentic by any means but I just thought it was somewhat tasteless. Noodles and meat were very good, though, so I still enjoyed it very much. We didn't try the spring rolls but I did get an egg roll and it was pretty tasty and came with a good sauce. The hubby got an order of the chicken wings. They were very meaty and cooked perfectly. But again they were pretty bland and had no seasoning whatsoever on them. I know in a Vietnamese place I wasn't expecting Buffalo sauce but they usually put some kind of spices or marinate them in a fish sauce or something like that.  The service was very friendly and welcoming. It is not a fancy place by any means but it was clean and decorated in a cute way. I am pretty loyal to pho da lat up the road and I didn't really taste anything at the Spring Roll Factory to make me switch but I think I would probably come again for takeout because they are cheaper and closer to my house.
5 Go to Spring Roll Factory now!  Trust me because I know you will want to race back to give it a 5 star review, too!  It is that good, absolutely amazing.  How good?  I grabbed a few rolls on a whim for lunch. They were so good, that same night I convinced the family we had to go back so I could try the Pho. My entire, VERY picky, family loved SRF!  The menu is simple, not the overwhelming choices you typically see.  This means SRF can maintain high quality while perfecting the dishes.   When you enter, you'll be greeted by two of the nicest husband and wife restaurateurs you'll ever meet. This is a family owned business that takes great pride in the restaurant, the food and the overall experience.  On to the food. I must admit I'm a beef pho snob. For me, it is all about the broth. And SRF nails it with only fresh ingredients and NO MSG. The owner has a high mark for taste and freshness and does not compromise.  It really shows in the Pho.  Great portions of meat and noodles balanced with spring onions and garden-fresh goodies on the side.  My wife has never had a chicken pho she's really liked. SRF's chicken pho has her hooked.    But don't stop there.  The spring rolls, created right before you for the freshest roll you'll ever eat, are perfect.  Light, delicious and healthy.  I can't think of a better food during the AZ summers.  The egg rolls are also very tasty.  I'm not a huge mussel fan, but the owner brought me one and I have to admit, they are FANTASTIC.    I've hereby dub the owner, Richard, King of Pho.  All hail King Richard and his excellent culinary skills.
4 We have dined at this restaurant several times. The spring rolls are fresh, the pho is delicious, and we have even tried the chicken wings. All good stuff. The owners are very friendly and we are glad to have a good "hole-in-the-wall" place!
3 Had the beef Pho, serving size was definitely not the strong suit here.  Broth was ok, I think there are better restaurants out there, especially for the price.
5 Found this place on a whim. The pho beef soup is very refreshing and not so oily compared to other places. One of my favorites! My boyfriend can't stay away from the grilled pork. To top it off, the owners were extremely friendly.
5 So yummy! One of the staff was so friendly and helpful to my bf letting him taste samples and explained different menu items. The spring rolls are of course legit! Will return very soon and eat more! We tried one with vietnamese pork sausage. Mmmmm!
5 I thought I liked Vietnamese food but apparently not.  I still wanted to write a review because they were super friendly and helpful in our dinner choices and a new restaurant and for the Vietnamese lovers out there should give it a try. So they get a five star for friendliness.   Enjoy!
5 Nicest owners!  Let me try samples and offered menu suggestions. Could not have been more hospitable. Food was excellent!  Would definitely recommend and go back again.
5 Being from California, I know what authentic Vietnamese food tastes like. The owners are beyond friendly BUT most importantly, the food is tasty! The pho portion is a pretty large portion! Try out the grilled pork spring rolls! Those are excellent! If you're in the mood for noodles get the noodles with grilled pork and add egg rolls. You won't be disappointed! Hope this helps!
2 Though the food tasted good the pricing compared to the quantity is not worth it.. I watched her put only one piece of chicken mind you this is the same size one piece of chicken she gives away as a sample for a five dollar order of spring rolls. The rice plate is the same thing the portion of meat is very very frugle she tries to layer it over the rice but it's appeal just makes it look desperate
5 I really can't rate anything except the Pho, but that's because I can't get past the pho!  I too was introduced to Pho about 6 months ago.  Since then I've tried 3 different restaurants for pho.  I was craving it one night when my son reminded me that there was a new place around the corner.  I went over and ordered the Chicken Pho to go.  I mentioned to the gentleman at the counter (also the owner) that I hadn't tried their restaurant before.  Before I could blink, I had a small plate or grilled pork and chicken to try.  The chicken was nice and tender, but the pork was amazing!  One of these days I will actually order a spring roll!    The best part about this restaurant is the owners. I brought my parents in, whom I had recently introduced to Vietnamese food (specifically pho) and told the owner that this was their first time there.  He immediately offered to let my dad try the chicken and pork, but my dad was already set on the pork, so he had the Pork rice plate - Thit Nuong.  This was as good as he's had and loves the jasmine rice!  My mom had the noodle plate, with chicken. She liked it, but after seeing my pho she wished she ordered that!  Back to the owners quickly.  The owners are husband and wife. After the wife was done cooking, she came out to speak with us, make sure we were happy and to explain a little bit of her recipes.  She had said she hoped to have a restaurant where you felt like you were with family.  I think she's well on her way to that!  I am in there at least once a week, or I send my son in.  She now knows us by name, and asks every time how we are doing!  It's a great place!!
5 Delicious! First time trying and I really can't rave enough. The owner is genuinely nice and takes pride in his fresh food, which you can taste. We had beef pho, eggs rolls(droooool) and chicken sandwich.....BOMB!!! We got to taste some pork and chicken while we waited. This place is so worth a visit, everything about it is amazing
5 Great food and service. A must-go destination if you are in town. The tilapia roll and the sauces are highly recommended!
5 I am becoming an official regular here! I love the small menu because the items are so specialized. The beef and chicken pho are both yummy with flavorful broth. The Summer Spring rolls are so delicious that I crave them! Tonight I went for the pork and noodles...might be my favorite so far. The pork was so flavorful and cooked just so - it took me right back to the street food in Hoi An. You have to top it all off with the Vietnamese coffee! The family that owns and operates this location are simply some of the sweetest people in Chandler. Love them!
4 Food is great and customer service is exceptional. I've tried pretty much everything on the menu and the only thing that needs a little more flavor is the dipping sauce for the spring rolls, but other than that everything is great!
5 Wish I'd discovered this place before now!  The beef pho was delicately flavored and delicious; you could literally taste the care that went into it. The owner assured me that he made it the old-fashioned way, with hours and hours of simmering. I could have used a touch more basil on the side but that's only a personal taste.   The grilled pork spring rolls were not only gorgeous but flavorful and very fresh. The garlic-fish sauce that came with it was just warm enough to add a burst of heat to the subtle flavors.   I'll definitely be back. Recommended.
5 Came in here after in came highly recommended from a friend. Their pho is amazing. Definitely trying the sandwich next time!
5 wonderful service and the food is amazing.  I had to try the spring rolls.  Wonderful ! I tried the rice plate with grilled pork and tasted the pot stickers.  All where great !  Must try
2 Tried out this place as it's close to work. The inside is nice and clean. Ordering was a breeze as the menu is quite simple.  Ordered the dry vermicelli with beef. The noodles were cooked well however the beef was overcooked and too chewy. The portion size was not very large especially given the price of the meal. Normally at other restaurants if you order without vegetables (the bed of veggies on the bottom of the dish), they tend to give you more noodles. However it was not the case here.  Overall, it was too pricey for what you get and the flavor was lacking. Will likely not return.
3 Food is great, I've only had the beef pho and spring rolls. My only complaint is the portion compared to the price. Pho da lat is not as good but you get more for your money.
5 This is the best Pho I've found in Arizona.. And the customer service is exceptional! I highly recommend this hidden treasure. :)
5 I can only describe this place in one word. Awesome. Here are 3 reasons why you should stop reading the reviews and just go already.   1.) Interior: This restaurant is a small but very clean establishment with very fresh and easy on the eyes decor unlike many restaurants where they tend to have a very gaudy stereotypical interior. Its nice and clean with everything nicely organized. Another plus is that you can see your yummy food being made and keep an eye on its progress as you wait. No mystery food here!  2.) Customer Service: As soon as you walk in you are greeted. I have been greeted by one of the owners everytime I have been here and they have always been super friendly. Everyone who works here is very diligent in making your experience here the very best it can be. If you are new there and you say you are. they will always give you a big "Welcome" and explain everything very clearly to you so there is no confusion in the menu.  3.) Food: This is one the main reason why people go to restaurants. They go for delcious food. As much as I love the customer service and the interior, without the quality of the food I would not come here. Their menu may not be as expansive as some other restaurants,  however, they do what they do to a "T". All the spring rolls are made to order, the broth for the pho is always traditionally made, and the meat freshly cooked daily. They don't skimp on the quality of the food nor the effort. I have never gone home unsatisfied with anything on the menu.   This restaurant is worth the time to visit. It is also worth every cent you pay for. If you want a delcious meal with awesome customer service at a clean establishment go forth and enjoy the treasures waiting for you there.
5 Recently relocated from Los Angeles and seeking the comfort of some Pho in our new town.  We were so very happy to find this gem! A great menu concept that keeps decision making very simple. My husband got the pho with chicken and I got the noodles with pork with a side order of egg rolls. All perfectly prepared, fresh and high quality ingredients. We will be back to try the Bahn mi which I expect will be equally as yummy! Like others have said, the husband and wife owners were beyond charming and attentive.  Tasty food with great service.... You can't go wrong!
5 A little gem in Chandler, AZ! One great mom and pop Vietnamese restaurant,  ready to delight you with their Pho, fresh rolls, sandwiches,  iced coffee (mmm... the best, eat your heart out, St____cks) and much more. I had Pho, which was very good,  another day I had a pork sandwich and their chicken (marinated in lemon grass) is to die for. The atmosphere is also delightful, both owners are in the premises, cooking and being very friendly with the customers. I love supporting mom and pop restaurants and this little gem needs support.
5 Awesome Vietnamese food! I never had Vietnamese food before. It was delicious! ! Great flavors and spectacular hospitality from the owner Richard. You have to try the Pho soup and Spring Rolls, Potstickers and Chicken sandwich. The Chicken sandwich was the bomb. It has marinated vinaigrette vegetables with chicken. The flavors of the chicken and vegetables are just so compatible with each other. There is a surprising crunch that will make your mouth water for more.
5 Well.......I really wanted to give this place a one star since I know the owner Richard......hahaha. My buddy did his place perfectly. He has me addicted to the beef Pho and pretty much everything else on the menu. Great hospitality and very good fresh food! A must try for everyone even if you never have tried Vietnamese food. Great flavors. The spring rolls, potstickers, chicken sandwich and Pho are amazing! We will be regulars here. He needs to expand his business to a bigger building soon since they are very popular.
5 Great food, great prices, great family restaurant!  Everything on the menu is delicious!
5 Great place for a quick and healthy lunch. I have had their spring rolls since that appears to be their specialty. They have all been delicious.   The staff have been very friendly and efficient and the dining area is cosy for lunch with family or small group of friends or co-workers.
5 Great service and great food! I ordered the egg rolls and the beef pho and the broth for the pho was probably the best I've ever had, hands down. The food tasted so fresh and it's nice knowing they don't use MSG. The staff was genuinely friendly and attentive to their customers. I will definitely be back!
5 Love this place! It's a very small hole in the wall next to the donut place, but it's always clean and the owners are incredibly friendly. I was hesitant on my first visit because I've never been to a pho restaurant that only gives two options (chicken or beef), but based on the reviews I decided to take a chance. I personally love the beef pho, the summer roll, and the iced coffee. My only complaint is that this place isn't closer to me!
5 The Spring Roll Factory is about five minutes from my house which is proving to be a big problem. I say that it's a problem because their food is so delicious and far too assessable . I have not tried the pho yet only because the temperatures outside are too hot but their Banh Mi sandwiches are spectacular! The bread is perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the bread to filling ratio is spot on. Ive had other Banh Mi sandwiches and there is always too much bread and not enough delicious vegetables.  Do yourself a favor and stop into the Spring roll Factory and support local business!   Tip- ask for extra veggies :)
5 Traditinoal
5 Food is amazing and I got a great recommendation for a sandwich. Super polite and food is extremely fresh! I will be going back again and again!!!
5 Spring roll factory is the first fast casual Vietnamese Restaurant I've been to in Arizona. The concept reminds me of Chipotle. Their menu is very small and a lot of the same ingredients can be made in different ways depending on your preference: spring roll, rice bowl, sandwich, or noodle bowl. The concept is nice especially if you're in the mood for something fresh, quick and easy without being overwhelmed with too many choices. The food is also very good. I've had the pork sandwich, the fish spring rolls and the mussels. Everything is made to order. All of the dishes I've tried so far have been great, but my favorite item on the menu has to be the Iced Coffee. In my opinion, it's just as good, if not better than Lee's iced coffee. As if the food and coffee weren't enough, the owners of this restaurant are so kind and welcoming. You won't regret giving them your business.
