5 This is a great juice stop! Recipes are amazing! Place is clean!! . If you are looking for healthy juice this is the place! I highly recommend.
5 They great juices and smoothies... All of which are much healthier than what you'd find at a typical smoothie joint. It is located inside Partell Pharmacy, so it's a little out of the way if you're not looking for it. The staff is super friendly and informative. The staff has been trained correctly and knows what they're talking about. The product is made from the best/highest quality ingredients.   Try em out. You'll find something right for you.
5 I stumbled upon this juice place and was so glad I did! Best smoothies I've ever had without all the added sugar and junk that's bad for you. High quality fruits and veggies with a great friendly staff.  I grabbed myself a yummy South Beach Berry smoothie while waiting for my prescription at Partell Pharmacy. This little hidden gem is right inside the building, right next to the pharmacy. Definitely will be coming here again!
5 I just love this new juice bar! So glad you guys are open and have extended your days and time! Juices and smoothies are delish! Can not wait for you to start serving food! I am a flight attendant and you are right on my way to the airport! Plan to stop by every time I head to work... Get a healthy jump start to my trips! Thank you guys your place is awesome! Not to mention the beautiful,  friendly and knowledgable staff behind the bar! Thank you for making my road to life more healthy!
5 This juice bar wellness cafe has some if the tastiest and healthiest juice drinks and smoothies I have tried.  I love the two refreshing green recipes and the Mocha Love or Chocolate Thunder protein  smoothies with a boost of MCT and Expresso powder will power you for hours. The health coaches and adjacent  Partell specialty Pharmacy are cool and incredibly knowledgable and helpful people on most any topic of health and wellness. A must stop!!
5 The chocolate thunderdome (I think that's what it was called) was a great drink. Normally protein drinks like that are chalky or bland. This had a great flavor and I could drink it casually! That cannot be said often! Great staff, Camille and Charles were very nice. I'd like to go again and try more of their products!
5 Chocolate Thunderdome...MmmmmM  These smoothies are so tasty and less sugary than the chain Smoothie places. It's located inside the Phartell Pharmacy. Both of the employees are so friendly and energetic. It was fun to hang out with them while enjoying the smoothie. :)
