4 When it was announced that a new stall selling bubble tea and rice pudding would be launching in Edinburgh, Yelpers bubbled up with excitement (pun obviously intended!).  The Rice Bubble have had a stall at the Castle St market all week, and say that if successful they hope to launch an actual café/shop in the near future.  I've now tried their bubble tea and the rice pudding, and thought both were excellent. Bubble tea is an acquired taste - the liquid is milky and sweet, in your flavour of choice, and the 'bubbles' are little balls of tapioca which are sooked up through the wide straw and left for you to chew on happily, like gummy sweets.  I went for the traditional Taro Root flavour, which was pleasant and fragrant, but there are more conventional flavours like strawberry and almond available.  Today I went for the rice pudding, the perfect treat on a freezing cold day like today. Again there are flavours to choose from - sticky toffee pudding, vanilla, chocolate and strawberry. I had sticky toffee pudding, and chose two toppings - toffee sauce and dates. Delicious. The pudding itself was a bit sloppy in consistency, but still tasted great.  Prices are on the higher side - £3 for bubble tea and £3.50 for rice pudding (not a huge serving, but not too stingy either). But all the food at Castle St market is on the expensive side!  I hope that the guys at The Rice Bubble have had good custom this week, and that they'll be back with a café soon!
4 Ment to do this review once I also got to try the rice pudding but alas that proved unfeasible and I was not able to sample the deliciousness of what is rice pudding. Otherwise I popped these guys First-customer Bubble tea cherry as Jen L. put it haha, the gents who served me were first class and made my bubble tea and were nice about it when I changed flavors three times . They were made me laugh when they watched me try it, curious about how it was since it was the first one they made. I told them it was delicious but needed a little more sweetness to it but other then that it was excellent. I had the Taro which if your wondering is a type of root native to the pacific if I am correct. Its especially popular in Hawaii if any of you who read this have been there I recommend it . Back to the review though, its was very tasty and the tapioca pearls were nice and chewy. I hope these guys open a shop somewhere were I can be a customer and get one of my favorite drinks in the world. And if you guys do read this review , if you really want to do well with the bubble tea sales, I recommend making them into a milk shake style where its blended and thicker. I promise you won't go wrong this is how bubble tea shops in parts of America make theres and they sell like Hot cakes! Otherwise excellent bubble tea and I am sure the rice pudding is even better!
5 Twice. Twice in one weekend. Twice was I able to taste this majestic glory - the greatest rice pudding ever known on this little planet. Through the dark and cold of a winter's evening, amid the grim determination of throngs of Christmas shoppers, there shone a warm light from the market on Castle Street... the light of hope. The light of rice.  On my first visit, I was presented with a tray laden with shot-glass-sized free samples of tiramisu-flavoured rice pudding. I declined, explaining that I'm not a fan of tiramisu (I know, I know). I was immediately offered my choice of sample and, requesting the vanilla, was thrilled to have a little sample served up specially.   Ohh...  I don't think I can effectively convey the joy that this rice pudding brought to my heart, soul and stomach. Straight away, I was whipping my wallet out for a full portion. There was choice - tiramisu flavour, vanilla flavour, chocolate flavour, and sticky toffee flavour. There were toppings - apricots, chocolate chips, crumbled Oreos, strawberry coulis and more. There was size - a cardboard tub the size of my palm filled nearly to the brim with steaming sweet goodness, to be eaten with a plastic spoon whose headlong puddingward diving destiny I truly envied. All this for just £3.50.  On visit number one, I had the vanilla with strawberry coulis topping. Classic bliss, and the vanilla just sweet and present enough for the pudding not to be called "plain". On visit number two, I opted for toffee, holding the toppings so as to allow the flavour to work its magic all alone. I honestly can't decide which I preferred. Both are memories I shall treasure.  My second visit was meant to be to try the bubble tea, but it was the stall's last day at the market. Having fallen so hard for the pudding, I couldn't bear the thought of perhaps never sampling it again, so I ended up having portion number two instead of the bubble tea which had so excited many Yelpers. Nevertheless, I live in fervent hope that the Rice Bubble will once more take up residence in Edinburgh before very long and I will get the opportunity to do so. And to eat more pudding. Please, Santa, I have been ever so ever so good this year. Bring me back that Bubble.
