5 If you are going to trust your mind, brain, inner-most thoughts, inner child and future outcome to anyone, Serena is your gal.  In my personal experience, she is trust-worthy and ethical, truly cares about you and is great at what she does.  Looking forward to my next session.  Thanks Serena!
5 I've gone to Serena a few times and her NLP techniques are amazing.  She provides a calm and relaxed atmosphere, provides excellent coaching and the techniques work.  I know that when I have an issue I need to deal with, I can go to her and she will help me through it. I've never had an issue resurface after seeing her.
5 Serena is amazing at what she does and what she did for me.  I've used her for hypnosis and NLP. I found out that my drivers license had been suspended and I was required to take the written test to activate my license's.   I read and studied the book. No problemo, so I thought.  How hard could this be, I've been driving for 30 years. Test day and I am feeling fear and I am having severe test anxiety.  In fact as I recall I wouldn't  take any job that required me to test because I felt I couldn't do it. The test anxiety was just to much.  It took me 8 months to fail again.  I went to see Serena and a few days later I felt  confident to take the test.  I walk into the testing room feeling at peace and so full of confidence that I passed.  In the state of NV if you answer every question correctly it just shuts down and basically says you got this.  I got this alright, I was so excited.  I couldn't believe it.  I just got offered a new job and this new job requires you to take a test in order for you to work with them.  When I was told this at the interview, to my amazement I felt nothing, no fear, no anxiety , no thoughts of failure just peace and calm. It was so weird to me because I had come accustom to feeling that anxiety I didn't know how to be with out it.  Needless to say, I take the test this Monday and I can't wait! I am over joyed.
5 What an experience!!! When I left life seemed to be much more up lifted!! I'm soo surprised on how well my session went and my seemingly end of the world feelings seemed to take a back seat  to reality... for this I thank you and I'm very grateful to have a session...
