4 Full Disclosure: I have never once stepped foot in an Apple® Store. Ever.  This Microsoft Store is pretty sleek-looking -- featuring very few products on display and very helpful, down-to-Earth employees -- and for those of you trying to locate it: "Lower Level near Macy's" is what their handbill claims.   Personally, I entered Fashion Show via Neiman (Spring Mountain side) and hooked a left at the major intersection. After about twenty or so meters in, I found it on my right.   Honestly, I did not go to buy anything -- or even to look at stuff -- but, to cop free ducats to the Pitbull concert. *fist-pumps*  Good thing I have really solid willpower though, as the products looked totally awesome! Billy is doing great things. God Bless America. - E
5 Wow! The crew was so upbeat and energetic you couldn't help yourself from smiling and being in good spirits.  Even with this being their opening,  they still made time to welcome you,  shake your hand and ask if they could assist you. I was very impressed.
1 Very disappointed at the service provided by the store!!! Even Wal-Mart has better customer service.  You cannot return anything there!!! I have the following when I try to return my Xbox One:  *Gift Receipt *Xbox One (unopened) *It was purchased on 11/22/13 so it was well with in the return period  I got an Xbox One as a gift but I already have one, so I try to return it at the store (Unopened and with the receipt). They said I have to call to return it because it was purchased on their website. I called their supposed "store phone number" but is a call center in India that handle their store phone call. They cannot transfer you to someone at the store at all!  When I told her I want to return my new Xbox One, they told me I have to get the credit card number and email address of the person who give me the gift!!!! I explained that it was a gift but she said she cannot help me without that info. After going back and forth with her for 10 minutes, I ask to speak with a supervisor. She put me on hold for 15 minutes and told me that because I don't have the order information (I guess the receipt and order number isn't good enough) they cannot escalate my call to a supervisor. She pretty much told me she cannot help me. I asked to see if maybe someone can call me or I can email someone she said they don't have that! What? Microsoft does not have a customer service email?  I'll probably going to sell it on craigslist or something and get me a playstation 4. At least if I buy something from the Sony store or Apple store I can return it.  Bottom line - if you are going to buy a Microsoft product, buy it from Amazon, BestBuy, Wal-Mart, etc... because at least you can return it!
4 This was my first time visiting a Microsoft Store; the layout is actually very similar to the Apple Store.  There is many staff in the store and they provided excellent customer service, and was quickly able to answer all the question I had.  Unlike some Microsoft booth that I heard only got the surface.  This store got almost the same stuff you find their Microsoft Online Store and same price.  It will be funny if this store is next to the Apple store.  So if you are a PC person and shopping for a tablet, phone, or laptop.  This store is worth to visit to.
1 Went to the store to buy an Xbox One for titan fall and the girl could not answer any of my questions. It took 25 mins to pre-order the system. Asked about a surface pro 1 and 2 she took me to a RT which is not what I wanted, She then went on to tell me that the only difference from the 1 and 2 is price .... Good Selling. Asked about student pricing could not get it for me and said she had to go in the back and grab a surface to scan it to get me a price.... after waiting 10 mins I walked...   If you know everything about the product then go here and buy.. If you have questions do not shop here staff is not helpful
