5 First of all, the salon is beautiful, what a gorgeous, new and CLEAN salon. The experience was so professional from the time I walked in the door. The place was sort of high tech, I did my whole transaction on their salon IPAD which ultimately made their front desk look more neat and less cluttered. I loved the interior, the stations are high quality, you can see they didn't cut corners in the salon.  I had the pleasure of being styled by Ellice, who is the salon's senior stylist. This place is solely a hair salon which I think is pretty cool. I was taken when my appointment started, which is very important for me. Ellice educated me on the special product line that she carries in her salon, only she and maybe one other person carry it off the strip, its super exclusive, which makes me feel exclusive too. I feel that she invested a lot in her products so that I have the best experience and overall results. Ellice focused on me the entire time, she wasnt juggling a million clients at a time which I have unfortunately experienced in the past. Also, I have the thinnest most flat hair, and I walked out of there with more voluminous, soft and shapely hair I've ever seen on my head. I thought that was great but I figured I would step out and in two seconds my hair would lose all of her hard work, but it didn't...not until I washed my hair again!! My hairstyle was maintained, man this girl works wonders. I highly recommend Moda Di Capelli, Ellice and I'm sure any of her other stylists will do the same stellar job. Everyone was so accommodating and welcoming, the way a salon should be. I'll definitely be going back.
5 Go see Ellice, she is fantastic!!!!  I have lived in Vegas for almost 13 years and have gone to at least that many different stylists. Not anymore, I have found one of the absolute best in Las Vegas.  Tucked away in a shopping center, but a beautiful and very clean salon. Ellice is a master colorist, great stylist, Paul Mitchell trained, uses only the best products (only one other salon carries them) and is quite competitively priced.  I have shoulder length hair and love blonde highlights/lowlights to lighten up my brown hair. Seem to have a continual problem with stylists not listening attentively to what I want, especially when it comes to length and color.  Not with Ellice!!!   she was very attentive, listened closely to what I wanted, and gave me everything that I needed. In addition to a wonderful parafin wax treatment for my hands while she cut my hair. What a thoughtful touch/bonus. She chatted with me the entire time, I felt right at home.  And, I walked out of the salon with a huge smile on my face, loved the colors, loved the cut, loved the style. Have never had my hair feel so wonderfully bouncy and stylish, I felt like a new person!!!  She has been in Vegas for awhile, but just recently relocated from Henderson to her own salon. Don't hesitate, just go see her. You will NOT be disappointed.
5 I just got my hair done by ELLICE last week and I'm in love with it the color is just what I wanted she took her time and was very professional and clean, she also aded layers to my extensions.   The salon is very modern nice colors and very organized and clean !   I will deff be going be back to her to go lighter in a month.
4 Got my hair done by HONEY! She's amazing. I showed her a picture of what I wanted not even a week before and she made it happen! I love my ombré hair! I couldn't be happier. I normally don't really have anyone do my hair because it's naturally curly and she's the one person I know I can trust. To straighten my hair once the bleach was rinsed, she used this cool little brush that looked like a flat iron and a blow dryer. It was awesome! I will definitely be going back. Staff are all friendly and make you feel like family. :)
5 Got my hair done again by Ellice. She is amazing and very professional. I moved here from SD, not trusting anybody with my hair. I came in for a cut and a wk later came in for a color. She listened to what I wanted and did exactly that. As long as I'm here in Vegas, Ellice is my girl!
5 What a great experience!!!  I had my hair done by Ellice today and it looks great.  She did a fabulous job of my color and cut.  She was quite knowledgeable about many different new techniques. I have worked in the Spa and Salon industry for over a decade and worked all over North America and she was doing things that I had not seen before.  The salon is very clean and professional looking.   I had the best color and cut I have had in years if not EVER!  I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place!
5 Just got my hair done by ELICE, she is great at what she does!! Will definitely be back! The atmosphere in the salon is soo relaxing and pleasant.
