5 Everything is Awesome about this place food, employees, prices.... Not only go they have specialty waffles but they have specialty whipped cream!!! I definitely recommend giving this place a shot!!!!
2 I really wanted to like this venue as it's a small business & the items on the menu seem fairly tasty,  but the service was lacking.   We came with a family of four. The kids were served their food & finished eating (20 minutes) before the other food arrived. I was truly floored!  The kids initially wanted to wait for our food to arrive, however, had they waited their food would have been cold.   We also ordered a side of eggs & bacon to accompany the waffles we ordered. That too was served 20 minutes apart.   The hostess/owner apologized & said their was a "mixup" but I wasn't impressed with the lack of concern that was given with our poor dining experience.    I know this is a new venue & only opened a month ago but sometime & effort really needs to be put into the flow of business. We came to eat as a family & that did not happen. I'm extremely disappointed.
5 This place is new & can get pretty busy.... But the food is awesome & the employees are Great....
3 Came in with my family of 4 (including two kids)...ordered Tiabi Red Velvet, Hashtag, two Hash Tag Sandwhiches and two mocha latee's...food was pretty good...coffee was sweet...ambiance was cute...seating was lacking...staff is nice...service was super slow...50 minutes to get 1/2 our order out!!!  Over an hour to get second half of order!!!  It's a fairly new establishment...hopefully they pick it up...it has a lot of potential.  I probably wont be back.
5 Thank you for your cruelty free Vegan options!!!!!
5 Sweet New little Business , attentive friendly staff, Loved it...found it with "Groupon" and we would defiantly go back for the sweet side. Thank You !
5 Very cool local business. Excellent customer service and a great menu. Places like this make my mornings happy :)  Excellent prices, fun ambiance, healthy menu options, and super chill staff. Highly recommended.
4 We were on vacation and stopped in since we saw a groupon and we were glad we did! I got the banana Nutella and upgraded it to a Belgium and it was super yummy! My husband got the break the fast which was also really good. I got the red velvet drink and my husband got the pumpkin pie spice drink and both were good. We went around 1 on a Saturday and there wasn't many others in the restaurant, but the service was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh
4 Excellent latte!   The smoothest and easiest drinking coffee I had on the weekend trip.  It blows away the $7 coffees on the strip easily.  Hashtag waffles - I have to assume they were excellent.  The kid devoured both of them in addition to the fruit toppings they came with.  This was the first time ever she finished an adult sized meal by herself!  Hashtag breakfast sandwich - This was good - the standard eggs and sausage.  If it was a runny sunnyside egg, that would have been much better.   I'd probably pass on this one to get a...  West Coast Wafflewich - now this  was a good combination of flavor and texture.  Put bacon and avocado on anything and you have a winner.  The sample of strawberry kisses was a nice way to end the late lunch.  I think i prefer the round crunchy waffles over the thicker style just because they retained their crunch.   But the coffee will definitely bring me back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3 Yet another review to say that the customer service needs work. I came by today for a latte after finding this place on the Yelp app- it's still difficult to find, as it's in a nook of the plaza and can't really be seen from the street. I guess their exterior signage is still being developed, because right now there's just a tarp printed with "Coffee & Waffles".  Went in and there seemed to be some sort of lounge affect going on. I made my way around a group of women clustered near the entrance talking, perused the posted menu, then stood behind a guy chatting at the front counter for a good five minutes before the woman he was speaking to realized I was a paying customer, and said she'd help me.  I find it a little tacky that the employee (who seemed to be one of the co-owners) was not more attentive to the fact that I was waiting in line to place an order. As it is, she excused herself in such a way that I felt I was inconveniencing her.   Regardless, I ordered a skinny vanilla latte- originally planned on getting a sandwich, but it seemed this would have really been a problem to her, so I just stuck to the drink. It was tasty, even if the foam was overflowing along the lip of the lid.  Found a table of samples toward the back as I waited for my drink- the cinnamon sugar waffle and the bacon-cheddar waffle were both really flavorful, though the former was nice and crisp while the latter was more on the limp and soggy side.   Location seems like it'll be good for students, and they seem to have a lock on the niche market- doubt bistro waffles are offered anywhere else nearby. Hope they succeed, maybe I'll be back when they work out the kinks- namely waiting for the novelty of business ownership to wear off enough for them to prioritize customer service. Their product seems like it'll do well.
4 The service was amazing and the ladies working, I believe owners a well, were so nice. I have had better coffee but I am from Seattle, and I hanger had much worst coffee here on Vegas. The vegan waffles were so good and moist as well. It is out of my way a bit, but could be a special treat every once in awhile
2 Great coffee drinks horrible service. Wait over a hour for waffles and fake eggs. Under manned and over priced . Not sure if I would go back. But the coffee cake BZB was fire! Luke the thought of the wafflewich but dry and needs a real egg....  which would also make it less dry if the egg was over easy.
1 My husband and I had a terrible experience there. I purchased a goupon and thought it would be a good reason to try a new restaurant. First: The employee who took my order put her hand inside my coffee cup when she picked it up. I asked her to please give me a new cup, and that putting her hand inside the cup is unacceptable. As she replaced the cup she said, "We wash our hands." Second: When the same employee brought us our silverware, it was wet and dirty. I took them to the counter and asked for clean, dry silverware. Third: The service was extremely slow. A party of four ordered before us, and they received 2 of their orders in approx 10 minutes, and the other 2 orders approx 10 minutes later. The employee explained that they can only make a couple of orders at a time, and offered some cookies as consolation. Fourth: We got our order 30 minutes after we ordered it. I had the egg, sausage, cheese waffle sandwich. The egg and sausage were heated in the microwave and tasted like rubber. The only good things: The gentleman that made our coffees did an excellent , and the strawberries on my husband's waffles were fresh. I spoke to the manager, explained why we were there, our experience, and that we will not be back. I do not recommend this restaurant.
4 Loved it, everything is fresh and delicious, yes u can't be in a rush here but they take their time to explain what they offer so u know that u will enjoy it.  It's breakfast, take your time so u can enjoy the rest of your day, we will!!!
2 Eh... Was going to order waffles but they had no ice cream, so I went with the avocado drink. Ummmm... No bueno. Too much ice, no flavor, and I don't think the avocado was ripe enough. I make avocado drinks and it should turn somewhat green. My drink was a pale green yellow. The lady was nice so I gave her a star and then another star for the drink. Absolute fail. Sorry guys... Just speaking the truth. Make the avacado drink more milky less icy. Or just don't call it a smoothie cause it's far from that.
3 I thought this place would be more special for vegans, but it only has a couple vegan waffles that you can top with either nuts or fruit. Nothing special about this thin waffle, especially since the fruit was pretty sparse. Afterwards I felt like I should have gotten the kale salad instead, but I had a UNLV coupon for a waffle. I also tasted their strawberry sunrise smoothie and it's not bad. Also, there was only one person working there and making all of the food so it can take a while.  I do want to come back and try the other smoothies and the kale salad. It seems pretty inexpensive compared to other places, and the person at the counter said that they're expanding their vegan menu.
5 Great food at a good price!      My son and I love eating here! The waffles are amazing and so are the BZB's. My son asks to eat here at least once a week since he first tried it.   Great spot!
4 I have always loved unique coffee houses! They peek my interests when I travel and I enjoy when they have a good, cozy vibe. Above all, the coffee must taste great and not be ridiculously overpriced.   This place is so delicious! They have friendly service and prices are reasonable. On top of all the yummy coffee options, they have tasty food. The second you walk in, it smells amazing. They are waffle bar and I often find myself having random cravings for their bacon waffle, but they have great sandwiches too! They have tea if you're not a coffee person. No matter your mood... you will find something here! Also, the names are fun and different. Definitely a change to your average coffee house.
1 Really, really slow. I know this isn't McDonalds, but 30 min. to get half our order and another 20 to get the rest? This was 9:30 am and there were only 6 other people in there the entire 1:15 hours we were there. Really cute place, small portions at great prices; but it just doesn't matter when they are so slow. Seriously, the woman behind the counter was even moving slow, no sense that people might be coming to her food establishment because they are hungry. And - the reason for 1 star- I could see her work because I was facing the counter, she was handling all the food with her bare hands. Picking up waffles, slicing strawberries, AND taking cash, answering the business phone, texting on her cell phone, never putting on gloves to handle food AND never washed her hands. Disgusting, I won't be back.
5 Recently hit up this ADORABLE spot on our recent trip to Vegas since we had a groupon and oh man was it worth the trip from the strip!   The place itself is adorable and throughout my various trips to Vegas (yes, we explore off strip, weird I know), it seems like small local businesses just aren't as popular like here in Austin so I love to see that..but I digress.   Onto the yummies: The hashtag breakfast sandwich was the shit. Not too heavy but totally delicious and filling! The waffle my fiancé had was outstanding! Forget what it was called but it had Nutella and pretty much blew my mind.   The owners were there and we chit chatted and they were so nice!! Wonderful food, GREAT staff, and overall a much needed break from the Vegas strip. Can't wait to try it out again in April when we go back!
5 Awesome food! I had the hashtag waffle and could have had three more just to keep the taste in my mouth. The staff was also really nice and made recommendations for me when I couldn't decide what I wanted.    The place was a little tucked away off Maryland parkway but when you find it, it's like finding one of Vegas's secret gems. It's is very well priced and the ambiance is really chill and inviting.   I will defiantly be back and would recommend this place to everyone!
5 You had me at vegan baffles and almond milk. nom nom nom. Two things which are very hard to find, especially in Vegas. The boyfriend got The Hof (he's the carnivore) which was this pretzel bun with roast beef, arugula, cheese and agave-mustard sauce and loved it. I had two vegan waffles with macadamia nuts and strawberries with an almond milk latte. I also got the kale salad to go and it was really good. Not too heavy on the dressing. Just perfect. Really cute spot. Not the same boring menu you see everywhere. Very attentive service, good prices. Really happy I found this spot. Taste buds happy :)
5 Went here from the Strip on my vacation with the Groupon deal and enjoyed it!  Had the Waffle Breakfast sandwich and it was pretty good, could have used more sausage though.  The owners/cooks/cashiers were very friendly and helpful and really made us feel welcome on our visit.  They explained the whole menu and asked where we were from and were very helpful in deciding what we should have.  You should check it out!
5 Oh man! Overwhelming! Especially for those who loves waffles AAAND breakfast! Also great coffees n teas beverages to choose from! Vegans welcome!  Everyone is soooo friendly as well as the atmosphere!
5 Got a new addiction! Mae's Sweet Dream! I've got to ALWAYS have that along w/my order! LOL BUT here's Wut I also got for my dinner AND breakfast! The west coast for dinner & the Hashtag breakfast sandwich, my drink is Dom's Coffee Cake BZB!
4 It's super cute inside with magazines, games, and good music and the staff was super sweet and helpful. The coffee was sweet but good (got the cupcake latte and the iced dirty mocha chai... The second was too chocolately to be a real chai honestly) But for a healthy place, they had no egg whites! Which to me is silly.  We ordered the white macadamia waffle nut which was good but they put the toppings on top, not inside the batter which would've made it better. The toasty Tokyo was good along with the waffle club.   The groupon and punch cards are a nice touch. Giving it four stars because it's great that a place like this is by UNLV where there are no breakfast places or healthy places.
5 Been here twice, love the smoothies! and the breakfast waffles are great but the best part is you can customize anything and that's really helpful if you are on a certain diet. The staff is super cool and friendly.
4 Second time here and second yelp review. This place let's you basically make your own smoothie!! You can pick what goes in it and what you want to leave out. Plus it's very decently priced. Ironically cheaper than Jamba Juice and Tropical Smoothie even though it uses real fruit when the other chains DON'T.
4 I came to Tiabi to scope it out for future use with my dessert meet up. I am not hugely familiar with that area, but it was easy enough to find. Up the street from the Boulevard Mall, in the Target parking lot.   When I arrived I was kind of nervous because we were the only people there on a Saturday around 4pm. I took the lack of business as a bad sign, but I was wrong!! Maybe not enough people know about it?? I'm not sure, but if you aren't going to Tiabi, you are totally missing out.  As I said, this was a recon mission, so I had to order a little of everything, right?? We ordered 3 of the Wafflenuts - the white chocolate macadamia, the red velvet, and a vanilla one that wasn't listed on the menu. For waffles we got the Strawberry Kiss, but instead of strawberries we subbed bananas (on a Belgian waffle) and customized a classic waffle with blueberries and white chocolate. Everything was fantastic!! Everything was cooked to order perfectly. Hot, melty, sweet and so delicious!! I almost always get a to go box, and this is one of the few times ever that it was so good...I couldn't stop. No to go box needed.  The have lots more on the menu I would like to try...including their coffees. I am excited to go back. I, also, heard there might be ice cream coming in the near future. Fingers crossed!!  You should definitely check them out. They are worth a drive even if you don't live down that way. They are pretty affordable...$20 for everything I ordered plus a bottle of water. Portions are perfect...not too big or too small. The establishment is clean and relaxed. They have games and decks of cards on the table should the mood strike. Staff is super friendly and helpful.  I will definitely be back!
5 Heard about this place the other day . Wow the prices here are awesome. I had the lolly waffle it's a turkey sausage wrapped in a waffle it was great. I also had the west coast wafflewhich a avacado blt so good. I als had a great smoothie. I highly recommend this place the service was awesome as well.
5 Great Food, Great Prices, Great Staff. Can't really ask for more. I don't even really like Waffles in general, but I love eating the kinds that they make. They are really the kings in the Waffle game. Everyone there is real nice and the service was quick.
5 Omnomnomnom. We came here after reading a review on a vegan website. I'm the only vegan so we love finding yummy places that have vegan options.   We had the new vegan waffle burger, a caramel syrup macchiato with almond milk, a hashtag breakfast sandwich with bacon waffles, kisses waffle, and a strawberry sunrise smoothie. Everything was nom to the max (see first line). The sauce with the new vegan burger sandwich was amazing and we loved everything else.   The employees were very friendly and we loved playing cards while our food came. Thanks, Tiabi, for a great breakfast and living up to the hype! We'll be back.
4 Tiabi- to inspire and be inspired! Staff were awesome and answered all my menu questions. Enjoyed the vegan waffle and the kale champ, while I sampled the Nutella waffle, the hashtag breakfast waffle, and coffee amaretto. So delicious, and there was enough seating for our party and others there on a Saturday morning. I will definitely return for that vegan waffle though; no dairy but still light and tasty.
5 This place is very quaint. It reminds me of a small business in northern California. My favorite is the West Coast with a Kale Champ. This it's my favorite new spot. I hope the Las Vegas residents appreciate the new private business Tiabi has to offer. Both Tiffany and Mae are awesome and super sweet. The customer service is enough to keep you returning. Thanks ladies.
3 I heard from some people in the neighborhood that a new waffle place opened up right down the street on Flamingo & Maryland Pky, so I had to try!  It's a small order at the counter type of place, but everything is reasonably priced (use a Yelp! check-in to get 15% off, or UNLV students get a discount as well!)  The special here is waffles done in all sorts of ways (with toppings, or as a sandwich in some cases).    I went with a waffle with almonds, bananas and Nutella on it for about $6.  The taste of it was OK, presented and cooked well, but nothing too special about the batter.  The disadvantage was it took what seemed like forever to get it (maybe just because I was hungry?).  I also got a hot chocolate which was just so-so.  For the price it's a wonderful place, and it's close to Target so I could see coming here for brunch and doing some shopping, I know I'll be back, but the location and low pricing is the main driver.
5 Great little place. My Belgian style bacon waffle was perfect! Plenty of parking, fast WiFi, & super-friendly folks.
4 Loved the coffee.  Got one of the smaller stuffed waffles from the front case- It was pretty and cute but I didn't really like the taste- kind of mushy on the inside. But I will prob. try something different next time. Super friendly owner and I love the idea. I will most differently be back for the fairly priced delicious coffee and espresso!
5 Delicious and friendly staff/owners! I went here with some friends after a hike with at Mt. Charleston and this was definitely what we craved! The 'Waffle macchiato', which was actually a cinnamon vanilla latte that came with a delicious cinnamon sugar covered waffle was PERFECT. We all enjoyed (this is a very modest statement because everything was fantastic) our food. We will be coming back again!
5 This place is amazing! They have great waffles, shakes, sandwiches, salads, espressos and cookies!! There are tons of vegan friendly dishes too. It's a great spot, really happy we found it!
4 Great place. me and my lady tried it. food was delicious. service was very good. the woman was very thoughtful and took care of us. forgot to leave a tip though. felt bad about it. looking forward to returning even though its far from my house.
4 love the decoration in this place! super rad star wars paintings near bathroom done by Patrizia who I randomly know from bikram yoga! the staff was very friednly and helped my boyfriend and I picked the perfect drink.. we got their khale drink and it was refreshing and delicious! we weren't hungry enough to try a waffle but we are definitely going back!
5 The waffle sandwhiches are amazing. Very light but still filling and very fresh. Staff is extremely friendly and it has a very comfortable atmosphere with comfy couches, as well as tables and chairs. And wifi ;)
4 In Vegas for a show, wanted to investigate vegan options. Small place, nice mellow vibe and the food tastes great. Coffee is good too. Cabbie didn't have a clue how to get here, but found it easily with my phone nav app. Worth the trip if you want to venture off the strip to seek vegan eats!
5 I love that there's a breakfast place near UNLV that has vegan choices! Actually their yums, including waffles and smoothies are great all day long and their dishes are artfully displayed (like their vegan waffle with strawberries and bananas on top)! I love their vegan waffle burger, and my go to smoothies of theirs are the kale champ and the banana berry ones. Mae and Tiffany, the owners of To Be Inspired And Inspire are always happy and positive and their helper bees are great too! They also play a great mix of great tunes in their shop!
5 I absolutely love the waffles here.  I've tried the Belgian waffle Kisses and my sister's classic waffle banana nutella.  They're both so delicious!  My sister and I can't get enough of their waffles.  Their coffees are good quality too.  Usually, I don't expect much in regards to the quality of coffee.  However, every drink we've ordered is made fresh from their espresso machine, so no acidic after taste here.  Their customer is always excellent!  Very friendly and nice!  Definitely recommended!
5 Friendly service and great Belgian waffles , must visit especially if you are  Vegan.
3 This is a small 3 person operation.  My wife ordered the bananatella Belgian waffle with a nutella drizzle, slivered almonds and whipped cream topping.  I sought nirvana by ordering a hashtag breakfast sandwich - Belgian waffle with turkey sausage, eggs and cheese.  I enhanced my sandwich with a generous douse of breakfast syrup.  Both entrees were very good as was the strawberry sunrise smoothie that we ordered to go.
3 Tasty waffles. The vibe is still being figured out but the variety of waffles and what you can put in or on them is good. A hip little trendy spot that offers coffee drinks and a variety of savory and sweet waffle options.
5 Delicious food! Had the #breakfast sandwich, west coast sandwich, red velvet lollipop, and strawberry sunrise smoothie and everything was delicious. Employees are helpful and friendly too. Matter of time before lines are out the door!
5 This place is a must when you visit Vegas. Its a little way off the beaten track but worth the short trip from the strip.  My husband and I got the west coast and hash tag breakfast sandwich and strawberry sunrise smoothie. The west coast was good BUT the hash tag breakfast sandwich was hands down..the best waffle sandwich I ever had. The waffle was so airy, fluffy, and buttery and the sausage and egg was puuuurrrfect. The smoothie was the best I ever had.  The guy at the register was so chill and patient while we couldn't make up our mind! We also had a red velvet lollie and it was was such a treat. I give this place 2 thumbs up!
5 Yummmmmmmmmm!  I cannot get enough of this place!  The kale waffle salad is our favorite!  We split that with the Californian sandwich!
5 Absolute best place to get waffles in Vegas. The waffle has an excellent texture and is soo tasty. The whipped cream on the top is one of the best parts. The sandwiches are also really good.  The kale champ smoothie is good if you're a fan of kale. If you don't like kale try a fruity smoothie because you can still taste it. So far I haven't had a bad meal here!
5 It was great!!! Very accommodating to my vegan needs!! And my boyfriends non vegan needs! :) it's a shame it's so far away from me and not in the greatest part of town! But don't let that scare you away! It was top notch quick breakfast!
1 First of all, I am a huge fan of breakfast places in general.  I had read in the weekly that this place was pretty good and their menu looked amazing.  So for finals week we decided to treat ourselves.  My partner had the hashtag waffles with strawberries and I went with the bannarama waffles.  The counter lady was pretty nice at first but our order took soo long.  There only three people in the place!  I asked her what was going on and she got extremely rude and said they only had a few irons going and my order would be ready when it's ready.  Need to work on their customer service skills big time!  While we were waiting I ordered a strawberry kale smoothie and it was pretty good until I found some really large chunks of kale that were not blended well.  Tasted like a salad halfway through my drink...  We waited at least an hour before telling her we needed to leave because we were late to class.  She offered us a discount and we ended up getting our orders to go, but they were completely overcooked (big surprise) and the waffles were crispy and tasted like cardboard.    In the end, the prices are good.  The food and service are not.
5 I am seriously impressed by the quality of these waffle sandwiches - they're not just tasty, the avocado and all the ingredients I have regularly are top notch. Amazing. They may take a little time to make, BUT I promise it's worth the extra couple minutes. The owner is extremely genuine. I never review stuff - but I really am singing high praise. Been back about six or seven times. Waffle breakfast sandwiches for the win!
3 I'm all for helping out small, locally-owned shops, but to get me to visit a second time the food has to be good. With Tiabi, I'm on the fence. On one hand the B.A.T. wafflewich ($4.95) with its bacon, arugula, and tomato was delicious. I don't know what the Tiabi sauce in the wafflewich consisted of, but in combination with the other ingredients it made it unbelievably tasty. On the other hand, the Break-The-Fast wafflewich ($4.95) was a complete disaster. The whole thing looked sad. The sausage was barely warm, the cheese looked like it was straight out the fridge having had no contact with any heat to melt it, and the scrambled eggs looked like prepackaged/pre-cooked eggs found at McDonald's.  Somewhere in between in quality were the two waffle dishes I tried. Ordered as a Belgian waffle, the maple bacon waffle ($5.99) was thick and soft, as expected, with large chunks of bacon in the batter. The savory and saltiness of it in combination with the sweetness of the batter and syrup made it a solid choice all around. The red velvet waffle ($5.50), ordered as a classic thin waffle, lacked any crispness around the exterior. The flavor was well balanced with a moderate amount of chocolate chips and whipped cream giving it enough sweetness without making it too overindulgent.  With classic, Belgian, and vegan waffles, specialty coffee drinks and frozen drinks, there's plenty of promise here. Unfortunately, some of the execution on my visit was lackluster. And, don't expect fast service. Even with three employees hustling in the back we waited a while for our orders despite being the first ones through the door in the morning.
4 The place was playing classic rock which was an immediate plus. We were the first customers that day and the woman who was working at the time was very nice. I ordered a bananaetta (a waffle with bananas and nutella) and was not disappointed. The banana's were delicious. I also enjoyed the vanilla chai latte. This is one of the few places where I felt like I paid the right amount for what I received.
5 Every time I visit here I try something new, I have never been disappointed! The wafflewich is a must try! I love how fresh everything is made, I leave with a sweet satisfied feeling every time. I like the vegan/vegetarian options as well. Friendly and helpful staff keep a positive atmosphere, one of the reasons I really like this place
5 OMG!   The best waffle ever.  Had a Belgium waffle. It was light crispy and DELICIOUS!  I love waffles.   But it is hard to find a good one.  This is the place!  Every thing is made here including the whipped cream. Got a chai latte coffee.  It was perfect.
4 Super delicious and super friendly, plus their mantra is one that is close to my heart. I got the Viva Las Elvis waffle with Nutella added and it was an explosion of sweet and salty goodness in my mouth. The Snickers iced coffee was also good, but not as impressive as the waffle. I'll definitely be back.
4 Saw a Groupon for this place and was intrigued. I was surprised that after attending UNLV the past few semesters that I had never heard of this place from anyone since it's so close to campus. It's a a whole in the wall with wonderful charm. I really love that there are decks of playing cards at every table and board games to play if you so desire.  Now for the food, my boyfriend and I asked for the cashier's opinion about what was popular and we went with four of her top recommendations. Both she and the guy in the back were super nice and helpful. I ordered the Kale Champ and one of the waffle sandwiches. My boyfriend got a hot caramel coffee (which they brought him a cold version instead of the hot he ordered, but he enjoyed it) and the Elvis banana peanut butter bacon waffles (Seriously amazing, the crispy bacon worked so well with the all the other ingredients, a must have). Everything was really delicious and despite the small mix-up we'll definitely be going back again.
5 Delicious!!! I got an avocado, bacon, lettuce and tomato waffle sandwich! It was great and just the right amount of food. Also got a coffee that came with these churro-esque waffles. Overall, friendly staff and had a cute atmosphere. Would definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.
5 I tried this place this morning and it was a great experience. I ordered an iced Tiff's Waffle Machiatto and it was bombdotcom. Just the right amount of sweetness, just the right amount of milkyness, and just the right amount of ice. The quality of the coffee is legitimate. A+ on the drink.  I also ordered some golden classic Belgium waffles. Finally, I find a place here in Las Vegas with real waffles. Waffles are supposed to consist of a juxtapose balance of crispy exteriors and soft almost custardy interiors. These waffles had that. They were so delightful to eat that I didn't even bother drenching them with maple syrup or butter.   I would definitely go again for their coffee and 2 nice little Belgium waffles to accompany my delightful coffee. Great job Taibi! -Ozzy
5 So don't expect a chain style meal or speed. These are regular people cooking delicious food!  We had the maple bacon Belgium waffle, Nutella waffle nut, caramel macchiato, banaberry smoothie, and the banana Nutella waffle. WOW!  Awesome place, great service, AMAZING food!  If you haven't tried this place, you should.
5 Saw a Groupon for Tiabis, decided to try it. It was very good. Using Waffles for the sandwich bread is great idea. Tried the wafflezilla and now the vegan burger. Tremendous! They're homemade are pretty amazing as well. Will be hurting this place up when I'm in the area.
5 Really love this place. Purchased a Groupon which got me in the door but I will definitely come back. I ordered an Almond Joy iced coffee which tasted more like chocolate to me that any notes of almond or coconut but I still found it to be delicious. Had the break the fast and the South American. Came cut so that way my bf and I could each get a half of the sandwich to try it out. I like the crispiness of having a waffle as a substitute for bread and both of the sandwiches were satisfying.   Recommend this place as the service was amazing. Everyone was very nice and welcoming from the moment you walk in. Also, they have a deck of cards at each table to play some games while you wait for your food. The bathrooms were clean and appealed to my inner nerd by having a Star Wars sign outside of the bathroom to indicate the gender.
5 I LOVE Tiabi! I'm vegan so whenever I visit Las Vegas my options are very limited. Luckily Tiabi is so veg-friendly! Their waffles are great, the staff is friendly, five stars all the way!
5 I've tried this place for the first time last week. A friend of mine and I came over to grab dessert and I have to say we made the right choice.   It's very cute and clean inside. There are magazines and couches to lounge on and there are decks of cards to play with on each table. They also have board games to keep you entertained.The staff is also very nice and helpful on their suggestions.   Their waffles are delicious! They are the perfect texture and go well with ice cream. I will definitely be coming back to try their Churronimo!
4 I had a groupon so I kinda went all out.  I ordered the Country Chick Sandwich with avacado, chips and a green tea, a chicadilla, the cinnamon sugar waffles, and the wafflenut with Nutella and almonds-- OMG I'm full!  This place is pretty awesome.  Definitely not a dieting place though lol... Their waffles have got to be one of the best I've tried.  Served up fresh and warm, the waffles are nice and crisp on the outside, and chewy on the inside.  Loved it.    It's located on the corner of Flamingo and Maryland in the Target complex.  Really chill environment.  Great for breakfast or lunch, or maybe a snack or dessert.  There were 2 girls behind the counter cooking and taking orders.  Super friendly staff.  I think they have wifi, because a lot of college students look like they were meeting to get work done.    Definitely enjoyed this place.  I just wish it was closer to my house!
5 I Don't Live in Vegas and found this place off the beaten path. I love it! Vegan or non-Vegan you can go and have a great meal a good cup of coffee/smoothie in a very pleasant setting. The staff here is some of the best I have encountered in Vegas. They're friendly, helpful and always seemed to have a smile (even when things got busy and everyone was under pressure).  I now make this a place I stop at when coming to visit a few times a year. So, my only caveat to anyone reading this is this, if you are in a super hurry call a head, everything is made to order and it takes some time to cook those amazing Belgian waffles to perfection. So kick back and enjoy, I did!!
5 I really love this place. They make an amazing cappuccino, great shakes, and I love the 'kisses'  regular styled waffles. So good. Haven't had a bad tome here yet, so glad I found a great coffee shop, way better then any big time coffee shops.
5 I keep on coming back every time cz I started to crave waffles now that I know what they are. I actually had waffles for the first time in my life at Tiabi and I don't regret it at all.  Girls that work here are so welcoming.  Feel like I'm invited to their house, and they're such amazing hosts. CLEAN and healthy. Very tasty .. The owner gave me this vegan cookie to try as a sample and I tell you.  It tastes amazing.  I'm not vegan nor vegetarian but I'm in love with this place.
