5 Annie, the owner of the salon portion, is ABSOLUTELY...THE BEST! She really knows her stuff about hair and is a color correction specialist. Before I moved out to Arizona (originally grew up in NY), my hair was bleach blonde and I never liked it. My hair dresser back in NY LOVED blonde and so kept making my hair lighter with each visit. I did not have the heart to yell at her and say "stop coloring my hair the color YOU want it to be". When I met Annie, the experience was ENTIRELY different!!! The first thing she asked me was what I envisioned for my hair color, what I did not like about it, and how I thought it would be perfect. Another thing she said was that anytime I was bored with my hair to feel free to tell her and she would revolutionize it again. She stayed true to her promise in the now two years that I have been seeing her. I also LOVE that if I want something new done to my hair and it is not fashion forward, she will work with the idea until it is. It always comes out even better than the original thought!!! I keep telling her that she needs to start her own product line too so hopefully that is to come soon!!! :D  As far as the vintage portion...Miles runs that. It always has intriguing items that are not what you would expect to find just anywhere. I have personally not made a purchase yet, but my colleague and I went to 3rd Thursday and she bought a door for $5!!! There is not even where to have lunch for that price! Miles gave her helpful suggestions as to how to recreate the door into a unique piece of art with either using pictures and turning it into a giant frame or using it as a room divider. Pretty cool!!! I am excited to see what my first purchased item will be someday!   Annie and Miles are an unstoppable team! Go visit!
5 I followed my hairdresser Annie over to her new salon because I love being able to trust my stylist and be able to walk out happy! Annie really does know what she is doing! The location is amazing and I love how it is part hair salon part vintage store (that way I can shop after I get my hair done). ;)
5 I love this place! Annie is the best hairdresser I have EVER had. I followed her from two different salons, and when she decided to open her own, it's no surprise that she would have an army of loyal clients lining up for color, cuts, and any other hair service you can think of. She is a seasoned professional, and this cute little salon on 7th Ave reflects her business savvy and fabulous style! I love the vintage store, and that I can come in for a cut and leave with an awesome new-to-me lamp, chair, or piece of artwork. Miles has a great eye for finding unique and stylish pieces of history.  What I'm trying to say, is that if you haven't been in this place... well, you are missing out, and I feel bad for you ;)
5 My first thought when I walked into Rebel last weekend was Whimsical!!  Unique vintage eye candy like art, funky furniture, lighting, old books ... weird vintage stuff AND a hair salon!?!?   I tried to take it all in but I knew I could not. I could not stop looking at everything even while sitting in Annie's chair to get my hair cut. I even fell in love with the bathroom!!!!    Its hard to believe that Annie has been doing my hair for 7-8 years...maybe longer. Annie is THE color expert!!!  She has taken my naturally dark hair and made me platinum blonde, blonde with pink, blue or purple and back to rich dark natural colors. Not only is she a color expert, her hair cuts are worth every penny. She has cut my hair when it was long, then short and  now creatively cutting it to help me ease back into long hair. The best thing about Annie is she will explain in detail what it will take to achieve the color and style you want. She definitely knows her science and helps me understand how to care for my hair.   I love that Miles and Annie opened this local business, I can proudly support, brag and refer people to!  I love it and cant wait to go back!!   Thank you Ladies for having artistically, hardworking, creative goal driven minds! Thank you for being strong women! Thank you for making your dreams reality so you can share it with the rest of us!
5 The vintage side of this business is well stocked and priced. A perfect place to find unexpected treasures and keep the budget happy. If you are looking for something in particular, chat with Miles she is a wealth of knowledge within this industry.    Annie C. over in the salon has been my fearless hairdresser for about 10 years now. And by fearless, I mean competent, confident and talented. I have gone to her and said "do whatever you want to my hair" and she knew exactly what she wanted to do without question. She has changed me from blonde to red, then brunette and started all over again. (And my hair isn't falling out!)  I would never go anywhere else.
5 This place is amazing! Every time I go I am welcomed with a smile and my hair comes out looking great. This is such a inviting place with great conversation, and the vintage side is great I actually got my new record player here and the vinyl selection is cool!
5 Annie knows how to cut a guy's hair!  After going to the same stylist at AZ Hair Company for 10+ years I figured it was time to try something different.  After trying a few different places and walking out unimpressed, I visited Annie @ Rebel, told her what I liked and didn't like about my hair and 30 minutes later I walked out feeling like a million bucks.  Highly recommended and they have some very cool stuff for sale in the vintage half of the business.
5 This place is pretty sweet! Cool vintage shop up front and cool salon in the back. Ashley did a great job on my hair!
5 Small but mighty store/salon! What a concept for the Melrose. The staff is friendly and comfortable. Bringing a bit of hip to with a building mural. I frequent the Melrose area...and I would say this store blows away competition on prices and quality. I will definitely pop in to see what treasures show up in the future.
