5 Friendly and Knowledgable staff picked up a few things for my computer the prices were cheap as hell. Also picked up a cool ass talking ted bear for my cousin and a crock pot for my mom. Great place to shop for gifts. I will definitely be back soon.
5 Infinite wholesale changed my life. I used to go store to store, driving around in the Vegas heat looking for the right merch.   Now, I know right where to go. Infinite Wholesale in Chinatown is the one-stop, key-to-lock, hands down authority in general merchandise.   Most stores out here in the Vegas valley offer you about as much as third round draft picks and bench players- an A move, a B move, and maybe a C move. Infinite Wholesale is the perennial All-Star with a showcase that can take you all the way to Z.
5 I bought some plumbing equipment from Infinite recently for a great price. Friendly and helpful staff, great location, diverse selection.
5 OMG, The place to go if you happen to need anything for your home!! Of course he has plenty of everything but my friend is redoing her bathrooms & kitchen, we have found sooo many things we need at prices that can't be beat!!! Wide range of items as well, a little of everything, SUPER friendly makes you want to go back!!! Great store for bargain hunters!!!! Thnxxxxx!!!!!!!
5 Great products and customer service and everything is priced 50% or more retail . I was able to save a lot on things I need to remodeling my home.  Highly recommended .
5 Just got a brand new cooker from this store for 50% off. Great business and great price. They also have plumbing stuffs, tools and lighting too. All are 30-60% off. I will check the store again next week. Recommend Tommy, he is friendly and offers great discount.
5 Great products and awesome prices! I bought things to remodel my home that would have cost me a fortune if I went somewhere else. Great customer service too!
5 Found some new and super cheap stuff for the bathroom that I am renovating!! Also found a door lock for a steal price!! Never going to home depot or lowes again!!
5 Wow, lots of products....got some great deals on home improvement items...highly recommend this place..owner also very friendly.
5 Found lots of items for my home at great prices. We were able to check and test everything before purchase and most of the things we bought were 50% off retail prices . A++++
