5 Fresh as a daisy, as it's just opened!    The coffee is stunning, they use a small range of roasters including dear green and steam punk.    On the topic of coffee, I've had 2 flat whites here all ready and both went with no sugar!  That  is something for me not to have ANY sugar in my coffees.     It's just got a nice balance about it.  Not too much, not to bare.
5 One of the newest additions to the Tollcross scene, Machina is only small by its size.  Fabulous coffee, good cakes, great service!   And you can buy all your coffee geek gadgets as well.
5 They've got great hand pulled espresso, and the chemex is great for sitting in. A nice selection of beans from local roaster Steampunk, and more coffee paraphernalia than you could fit into one flat.
5 Fantastic coffee, I would hazard to say best coffee in the Tollcross area in fact. With a selection of beans from local(ish) roasters Steampunk, there really is something for everyone.  In case you're feeling peckish, there's a selection of pastries on offer, of which I can vouch that the almond croissant is amazing!  Not only do they have great coffee & pastries, they also sell all the coffee kit you need to make a great cuppa joe at home. They also run brew method classes which would make a great gift for the coffee aficionado in your life!  The walls are often adorned with art from local artists which is a great showcase of local talent.  It was super quiet the day I went in so there wasn't much of an atmosphere or vibe. Although with seating for about 10 and no soft furnishings to absorb any noise, I can imagine it could get quite loud when they're busy.
5 I've mainly had takeaway coffee from this little diamond of a cafe and I must admit that it's pretty solid. Their flat white is very well made and the cakes etc are nicely complimentary and well priced.  There are lots of nice coffee things to look at while you wait for a takeaway coffee or alternately chat to the lovely staff members about the weather or coffee or something!   Great for a last minute birthday aeropress or some sort of super expensive pouring kettle if that's what you're after.  Great location and nice feel to it.
5 Small but perfectly formed and a great addition to Tollcross with options to sit in and take-away.  Fab coffee (latte was £2.30) and a whole host of sweet delights to tempt too. Staff on today weren't sure what was GF but my coffee was so good, I stayed for two. If you fancy a savoury option, there's soup (vegan option).   Great place to come for all your coffee kit - from filters, cups and saucers to high spec machines, its all here.  Well worth a visit and I'm sure I'll return.
4 A hot new coffee place in town, and one that isn't overly hipster either (that is neither a good or a bad thing, it's a statement. Take it as you will. I like hipster, but then I also like a good coffee and a good chocolate slice and to eat it in a regular café. So it's all good.)  These guys are weighing in on the great coffee scene in Edinburgh. They have beans from Steampunk, which is what initially piqued my interest and drew me in. They have two different espresso beans on, and also a decaf which was produced the "good" way (without chemicals) with the Swiss water thingie.   I actually went for decaf when I was in there, as I really didn't need any more caffeine that day. Flat white. Really nice creme on top, and the decaf was really good given it was decaf (just like a weaker regular coffee, not "brown milk" as some decafs can be).   They have a nice range of cakes, hand-picked from other bakers and cafés across town. The gluten free white-chocolate caramel slice I had (with coconut in the base) was from Casa Angelina and made up for in sugar what my coffee lacked in caffeine (buzzing!) Two soups on as well, although I think that was the only savoury food.  It's a wee place, but it does good coffee and has the right equipment you'd need to brew at home too, including some sexy looking hand grinders.  It'd be a perfect place to go to catch up with a friend, for a chilled read of a paper and a good coffee and cake.   Oh and they don't have customer toilets, but they allowed me to use the staff one no bother!
5 Machina Espresso has absolutely delicious coffee! When I was headed to the Meadows Festival and the rain moved in temporarily, we made a beeline here to take shelter - it was a great excuse to try their coffee! They not only have high quality hot coffee but also iced coffee that is really spot on.   The space is small and we got one of the last tables. It's cosy but it's a cute place with a great selection of coffee-making kit and gadgetry if you're further inspired to see if you can beat their coffee-making skills at home. The selection of baked goods looked tasty, too.   Machina Espresso lived up to and surpassed my high expectations!
5 This is one of the nicest coffees I've had yet in Edinburgh. The service was a wee bit slow, but that was only because the barista clearly took her coffee making very seriously and was putting love into each cup of steaming java.  Machina Espresso seems like somewhere that you could always rely on receiving really good quality coffee from. One of my non-coffee loving friends even exclaimed in delight, 'oooh this is what coffee is MEANT to taste like!', after sampling the goods. I'm only sad that I don't live any closer - I could definitely fancy becoming a regular here!
