4 You can ask any and they will tell you that I am not a Pizza fan at all. I mean I like a slice from time to time, but not my first choice. The pizza here is not only reasonably priced but it is also very good.  I have bought pizza from here and I have bought dough balls to make my own pizza at home and it was also very good.   The people working there made sure we knew what we were buying when I asked for a dough ball to make pizza. They're fast and very nice.
1 When we ordered we got two sandwiches, fries, Greek fries, bread sticks, soda and a pizza. The first issue was my girlfriend ordered with an out of state phone number and they almost refused to let us order.   Took 20 minutes to place an order. They didn't have any diet soda of any kind. When we got the food the sandwiches were soggy and bland. I asked for no onions but they were still on it anyway. The pizza reminded me if I would have gotten Pizza Hut, kept it on the counter for three days and then microwaved it. It was horrible.   The breadsticks were hard and stale tasting and the fries were very limp. It's almost as I'd they just reheated old fries instead of making us new ones. Needless to say I am never getting this pizza again.
4 I don't usually write reviews, But the customer service of this establishment is excellent. They had forgot my soda, not only did they come back right away, but they gave us a 2nd one for free. The Hawaiian pizza and hot wings were really great also.
1 I have been here probably 2 times, each time more disappointment than before. I ordered the largest pizza they had with olives and mushroom. Being the pizza lover my family and I are we got it with high hopes but were very displeased with the results. Each slice I picked up fell into pieces, on top of that it was greasy, bland, and just plain gross. The garlic crust is was literally the only good thing about it. The second time I ordered a cheese pizza on a Wednesday to be delivered. I waited and waited and waited until I finally just called up an hour and a half later and asked about the status on my pizza. The response was they had forgotten about my order and were right on it. The manger gave it to me for free because of the wait but it still has the same crappy taste but now it came along with bad service. Don't go there. Just. Don't.
5 I've been to both locations and they are both great. I give this store an extra rating cause the service was crazy fast. The New York style and toasted sub is a must
