5 This place was open only two weeks on my visit.  The entire staff was very friendly.  Our group of 4 ordered and one of the meals was incorrect.  Not only did they fix the mistake, they provided an entire additional plate!  The Manager and waitress were outstanding in their service to us, the customer.  We will definitely be returning to try all the entrées!  Great job!  Oh, did I mention all the food was delicious?  :-)
1 very disappointed in the service the the staff is very disoriented the management lacks leadership it looks like they just hired anyone to hurry up and open the place
4 This location recently opened up and I had received a gift card from one of my students at the end of last year.  Finally got to use it!  I honestly did not feel as if I was in Maryvale! It is very nice and I hope it stays that way.  Hostess and servers were very friendly.  We were informed of the different menus and given plenty of time to make our choices.  The honey wheat bread is absolutely delicious! We ordered one of the "limited time only" appetizers...brussel sprouts au gratin! Aside from the onions (I would have asked for no onions had I known), it was very tasty!  I ordered my steak medium rare and it came out perfectly! My baked potato was baked to perfection...fluffy and not over buttered or sour creamed!  I also asked for a caesar salad...one suggestion, ask for the dressing on the side! It comes very LIGHTLY dressed and needs more!  The dressing does lack a little bit of flavor, but if you add some of their freshly cracked pepper, it helps.  So, there's only one "complaint".  We were seated at a booth. The two managers (at least I think they were the managers as they were wearing dress shirts instead of the uniform worn by the rest of the staff), were standing against a wall right near our table.  Both my friend and I kept commenting to one another about how awkward and uncomfortable it felt to have them both just standing there as if they were watching us or guarding us...or something. The spot they were standing in was directly in front of the entrance to the restaurant, but still, it was just weird. Mostly because they were standing RIGHT in front of our table basically! It wasn't too busy at all, as we went in on a Wednesday night.    Other than that, it was a tasty experience! We will be back but will ask not to be seated in a different location as to avoid having the "secret service" watching us and the door!
4 The service was great,  the salads were good,  the bread lacked flavor.   We ordered the filet and lobster tail, one for each.   We asked for the steak medium,  they were both over cooked but that was the only complaint.   The food is amazing,  so much flavor.  Worth the price.  We found our new steak restaurant
2 Ill give two stars but ONLY, because our server was awesome. Other than that save yourself at least $20 and go across the street to the Texas Roadhouse. It was a Saturday night, so we did have to wait, but I would say it wasnt any longer than 10 minutes.  the staff was nice, and friendly, and as I stated before our server was great! The food however was not we ordered the Parmesan Crusted Asparagus for an appetizer which was ok but lacked any real flavor. My boyfriend got a a 6 oz sirloin with mashed potatoes a chopped salad and a side of sauteed mushrooms and grilled shrimp. I opted for the Napa Chicken with the corkscrew mac n cheese w/bacon.  The highlight of our meal had to be the shrimp. It was cooked perfectly, and who can go wrong with lemon and melted butter.  The rest was just not very good, the steak was overcooked, and the sauteed mushrooms were not fresh, they were undoubtly from a can The chicken was cooked well but definitely needed salt, and pepper. The chicken came topped with artichoke hearts roasted tomatos and Portobello mushrooms. The tomato and mushroom were fresh, but the artichokes were pickled and it threw the taste of the dish off. The mashed potaotes and mac and cheese were the same as the asparagus and were mediocre at best, and the salad, well it was definitely from a bag and I wouldn't be surprised if the dressing was as well.  After tip the bill was close to $70. Not worth it by a long shot. We will not be going back.
2 Steak was over cooked and dry!  I could not eat it.  Husband and son liked their meals (all steak) but I think for the cost you could save bucks and go to Texas Roadhouse down the road.  It is a beautiful restaurant and our server was excellent.  I think it is too expensive for the area.  After tip it was about $80 for 3 for lunch/early dinner.  Probably will not go back because I can get just as good for less elsewhere.  Go if you want atmosphere.
2 So I want to take my Dad out for his Birthday and this place had recently opened so he wanted to try it. I called the place around 12:30 on a  Saturday (used the yelp app) and asked if we could have a reservation for eight at 4:30. Was told yes and the woman who answered the phone asked for my name. Good so we are set then. Wrong!  We get there around 4:20 and I let them know I have a reservation and give the hostess my name. She gives me a confused look and says they don't take reservations! Well, who did I speak to four hours earlier?!? She tells me they have to put tables together so we have to wait fifteen minutes. Okay. While waiting there was another party in the same boat, thought they had a reservation but don't. Very organized this place.  We get seated, server comes to take our drink order, all well and good. She comes back and spills water down my wife's back. An accident and she was very apologetic. We give our orders and the food arrives. I had the renegade sirloin medium well with mashed potatoes. The steak was okay, I have had both better and worse at chain steakhouses. The mashed potatoes were excellent. Very buttery but the portion was on the smaller side especially for the price. My Dad got  some sort of chicken meal that I cannot recall and he mentioned it was bland. My Mother liked her baby back ribs. My wife had the crusted Parmesan chicken and found it tasty and juicy.  The manager showed up in the middle do dinner and apologized to my wife for the water spilling. No comped dinner for her or maybe even a desert, nope, sorry for the water spilled down your back at the beginning of dinner, but enjoy! Our server seemed saddled with too many tables and didn't check on out table too often. When she gave us the check, it was for the wrong table and it took awhile to get us the correct check.   The reservation issue stilled bothered me so as we were leaving, I opened my yelp app and it was still on the longhorn site it was earlier. I called the number and, yep, it was the Longhorn we were just at so I didn't just imagine I had actually made reservations there.  All in all a bad experience. It is located in a neighborhood that has seen much better days and has competition from a Texas Roadhouse just down the street. My family won't be back.
1 Not a good place to go. Worst service. Waiting times. After waiting  one hour and forty five minutes food arrives but no more drinks.  to bad this is a new location not planing to go back any time soon ...
4 Rodney our bar server was great! He really took care of us and made sure we had everything we needed.
5 Whole family was in the mood for a steak tonight, so we thought we would try this new location. The decor and abeyance were outstanding, classy while also embracing the rustic. We ordered the Garlic Mussels & Texas Tonion as appetizers. The mussels were very fresh and tasted superb. Frankly, they were better then the ones I ordered in a San Diego Sea Food Restaurant .  The Texas Tonion was crisp and the sauce out of this world! My wife and I ordered a Porterhouse and my daughter a Ribeye all were cooked exactly as ordered. They were all amazing, the misses said its the best stake that she has had in 3+ years.  Our server was first class ask for "Rhona S" she was on top of all our needs, our glasses never went dry..
1 Went on a Saturday two weeks ago at about 8:30pm, it was my birthday so there was 11 of us. We were so happy to get there and it was not full.   There were approximately three couples a head of ourbig party. We tried to reserve a table earlier but were told they didn't take reservations.   As we arrived, my sister checked in with the hostess. I watched one female roll her eyes at my sister when she turned to walk away and her coworker laugh about it.   The manager about 5 minutes later approaches my brother in law and says it would be and 1 hour and 45 minute wait because there were 15 people a head of us.  We asked him where were they? He didn't know what to say and said that it was their wait time. A lot of people tend to exaggerate when they give a review but I stand by this. This place was not even busy! There were numerous available tables. We got the impression they just wanted an easy closing and didn't want to serve us.   I would have gone to Texas Road House but it was my birthday and I wasnt dressed to sit on a saddle. So thanks to the manager and the ghetto hostesses at Long Horn,  Red Lobster ended up getting our business and gave me a free margarita!
1 Went on 2/22/14 at 5pm with no call ahead. There was many empty tables and I was  told there would be a 15 minute wait. I said there is not one here but was given the beeper. It was only a five minute wait then we were seated in a table that faced the outside wall and I asked if we could get a booth. I was told that  a booth was not in the server's section but hostess walked away and did come back after leaving us hanging and we proceeded to a booth. It gets better. We laughed about that but would be laughing and crying for the remainder of our visit as we could not believe how awful it was. My friend ordered a $20 tbone and  it was returned upon a manager coming by to ask how it was. It was clearly medium well  when she ordered medium. I ordered two sides, one being a salad, and asked that they both come as my dinner. Nope didn't happen, my salad came about five minutes after my friend recieved her salad which she returned for having way too much salad dressing. when I got my salad, I thought maybe dinner was coming. Wrong, that was another ten minutes. Once she had her steak returned, she was told they would comp it. We thought that was nice. About 15 minutes into waiting for the  redone steak we were  expecting it to be coming. Nope, it was at least another ten minutes after that. My friend said it was much better but ended up taking it home as she can only eat small portions at a time and filled up on mac and cheese which she said was great. All in all it was a disaster of an evening. My issues- Waited almost ten minutes for a server to come by.  My beer order came  five minutes before a soda and a lemonade. I asked for water right away and had to ask twice for it. Server seemed to forget things.i.e. water, to go boxes, to go order Waited way to long for re-do of a steak lettuce in salad was clearly not fresh The bread tasted like toast. Several people brining you different items to your table so each of them knows nothing of the original order. My order of risotto was filled with crunchy undercooked  butternut squash.  observation of another table was they had people clearinig their salads as they were serving their dinner.  Good things-  Management ended up comping dinner except for drinks and to go order. Server was nice. Restaurant was clean.  All in all, having never eater at Longhorn before, and living in Tucson where one is soon to open, I will definitely not be back. Too many bads to even try again. Honestly, the Texas Roadhouse  was right down the street and I wish we had gone there.
4 Went here for lunch today and had a wonderful experience.   This was our first time to a LongHorn Steakhouse and everything was great.   I ordered the 8 oz sirloin with loaded baked potato, house salad and the Silver Patron Margarita.   Husband had the Prime Rib sandwich and iced tea.   We did have a small problem with my salad but the food server and manager took care of the situation.    I will be back to this location soon.  Good service, good food.
5 I've been here about 6 times already. Everyone is saying the service is horrible but in my experience it has always been outstanding. They did get my order wrong once but I can't complain because the manager took care of the bill for our visit and fired up another steak for me immediately. It was the hectic day after Valentine's Day.   Hostess and servers are always smiling and make you feel right at home.   The bread is a little bland but taste great when you spread that butter on it.   Caesar salad is good.   I like my steaks medium well and they have always been cooked perfectly.   They have a full bar but I haven't experienced it since I don't drink too much. You won't see me there.  Really enjoy the food here and will continue to dine here as long as long as the service and food remains at a high standard.   Keep the steaks coming. I'll be back!
5 Came here for the first time ever , it was a Sunday night , because the wait at Olive Garden was way too long , and I'm glad that happened because I would have never thought to stop here & I was not disappointed at all. It looked seemed like a slow night , parking lot was not too packed and there was no wait at all. When we walked in , I noticed that there wasn't a host up there , figured she was sitting others , but we were immediately greeted by another server that had finished taking a tables order, which I really appreciate, there after the host took us to our table, and about a minuet or two passed where out server Elizabeth B. Introduced herself, she was amazing , I can stress how much excellent service my family and I revived from her out of all the other restaurants I've been to or any business , she gave the best customer service. Anyways I ordered the prime rib , medium well with mashed potatoes and the garden salad , which all came out delicious , my 3 years old daughter got the hot dog and fries , which she ate the majority of it so I'm assuming she enjoyed it too, my daughter enjoyed the all the attention she was getting from our server , she was nice enough to put her order in a few minuets before ours so my daughter got her food first , which Is a smart server technique in my opinion , everything was just perfect that Sunday night, even the price , for it being my first time , I will definitely be returning more often '
4 The first time I went here, they didn't have the Chef's Signature Dish. I believe at the time it was Osso Buco. Today, it's my birthday and I wanted to come here to celebrate and get a Chef's Signature Dish, the lamb chops, but they didn't have it. They didn't have the other Chef's Signature Dish, mahi mahi. It was just a disappointment - worst feeling on your birthday. I did stay because everyone else didn't have a problem with their order. I was able to try the New Peaks for the appetizers. Our server was kind enough to give me any dessert for my birthday so I was able to try the New Peak on the desert list. I'm the type of person who likes to try new items and things that are on a limited time. I would suggest calling first to make sure they have the Chef's Signature Dishes.  I did give a 4 star even though I was very disappointed. I'm trying not to rate according to my feelings completely. The food was good and so was the service. But I still didn't get my lamb chops. =(
2 I called ahead and made a reservation for a party of 7 adults and 2 children. We arrive at the location and it was empty, we thought, well at least we'll get really good service since the waitress aren't busy.  Unfortunately, we were wrong !!!  First problem, there wasn't a table to sit all of without having us to feel all crammed. The worst part of it, the manager would walk on by and ignore us.   Second, our waitress was just so monotone and not attentive at all. She only came to serve us our drink, write our orders, deliver orders, and give us the check. She didn't bother to come to see if we needed anything. In addition, she never smiled she just had an attitude   Third, my sister wanted the signature dish the Maui, but the waitress didn't tell my sister ahead of time it wasn't available. So she orders a prime rib and for my nephew a side of Mac and cheese.   Only good part of this experience was the food but overall service was a joke and would never come back again or would never recommend this place.
5 My husband and I went here on a Saturday night, we had been here previously and was not over or underwhelmed by the place.  Tonight was very different.  We were seated promptly our waitress came right up and got our drink orders, while she was gone a different waiter came over to make sure we had been helped.   We both ordered the Sirloin steak, I like mine well done and my husband likes his very rare (we are nothing alike but it works) The Salads were very nice salads very fresh looking.  The bread was very good (I just wish they would cut the bread all the way through when you pull the last little bit off you either get a slice and a half or half a slice). The steaks were the best I have had in a very long time,  I don't know what flavoring they use but it is very good.  I mentioned that my husband and I like our steaks cooked totally opposite and still we both loved the steaks.  Our server was very personable and efficient.  We will be back!!!!
4 Went for lunch on a Saturday. First time. New building. Very nice. Modern and tasteful while not being too cheezy cowboy like so many steakhouses. Not crowded at all. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. She did everything right -- Kept drinks full without asking, asked us how our food was shorty after serving, kept the bread basket full.  We were served in a reasonable amount of time. I had the sirloin. It was cooked to perfection with a nice sear and exactly medium doneness. It was tender and flavorful. My wife had the chicken salad. She liked the dressing which seemed hand made. Lots of ingredients.  Everything was perfect until we got the check which seemed more than we expected. It was for someone else's order! She was gracious and apologetic and remade the check. No harm no fowl.  Overall good experience!
