5 What can I say, I'm a juice addict. Nekter just opened here Friday, but don't that fool you, this store has had a lot of success in other areas before gracing the Scottsdale area with its presence.     Upon walking in, the set up is open and inviting. There is a lot of seating so you can relax and sip your nutritional beverage. There's a "grab and go" section on the nearest wall along with nutritious bars and the like. The cashier area is in front of a great display of fruit. They not only do fresh juices but also the cold pressed juices in the grab and go section and 1-3 days cleanse packs! Nekter also offers various acai bowls, smoothies and wheatgrass and ginger shots.     Everyone is friendly and I enjoy the casual environment. I was able to meet Alexis--the owner, and Carly, the manager, who were both knowledgeable and extremely personable. Upon recommendation, I chose the Greenie. Of course the Greenie juice was sweet and delicious while I also grabbed a pre and post workout juice and a "raspberry slimmer" that had raspberry and chia seeds.      This is a great addition to the Scottsdale scene!
3 I LOVED the Nekter in Orange County! I always would go there after a workout! The one here....100% still needs some work...the juices and smoothies seem great but their acai bowls are terrible compared to california nekter granola is not very good find ice chunks in the bowl...not enough toppings ever...still needs some work..
5 LOVE Nekter, go almost every day. Juice, smoothies, and acai bowls are awesome.
5 So stoked this place finally migrated from the sunny beaches of southern cal to AZ.  Everything is so delicious, most notable the Acai bowls.  Super good and healthy
5 I am an avid juicer at home and usually hate paying high prices at the new cold press juice bars.  Nekter is a great deal, great options and amazing prices.
1 Went in there today.  Asked the girl if the fruits and veggies were organic. "No" was the answer.  Why spend $8.50 for a cup full of juice that has pesticides? Seems like at that price their product should be organic.   I will not go back.
5 Went here for the first time today after seeing this place on Yelp and I already can say I am obsessed. The place is actually easy to find and there is tons of parking close by. The inside is small but spacious and very clean and earthy. They do have a pretty big menu which I like so then depending on your mood or craving there is a lot to pick from. The prices are good, especially for Scottsdale and how organic and natural the food is. All together my price was $13 for two things which is not bad at all. I got, The 16 oz. Cure juice and the Acai Banana Berry bowl. The acai bowl was huge, and that's a good thing! you definitely get the amount of food for what your paying for! I had to wait about 5 minutes for my food which isn't bad at all since I went around 11:30 in the afternoon. There is lots of seating inside and outside as well. The employees were nice and asked right away if I needed a lid for my acai bowl which I appreciated since I was going to ask anyways. Overall if your looking for yummy juices and food for a reasonable price this place is for you! I definitely am telling everyone I know about this place and definitely will be coming back soon!
5 I never thought I would cheat on my other juice bar but alas I have! Nekter is so good! The drinks aren't as expensive as most juice bars in Scottsdale. I got the Sublime for my inaugural visit and the PB Acai bowl ... Yum!!
1 I stopped by yesterday and despite an overall aloof vibe from the staff, the product was pretty decent. Went in again today and had an incredibly disappointing experience. The young lady working the register overcharged me, and when this was brought to her attention, she became quite annoyed that I would have the audacity to question her. She eventually corrected the overcharge, but became argumentative about the buy 10 drinks get 1 free cards. The card clearly states buy 10 drinks get one free, yet she insisted she could only give 1 stamp on the card instead of 3, which is the number of drinks I purchased. She claimed that this came from "corporate" and  she was getting "crap" from other customers as well. First of all, I am certain that she was mistaken about the policy, second, the word "crap" should never be used by an employee of a business to a customer. What makes it even more peculiar, she claimed to be the manager! Clearly she is in the wrong role, or has been inadequately trained, or both.
4 A huge juice fan already as we juice at home with our own cold-press juicer but this little gem is a must try! The juices and ingredients are amazing, healthy and at a good overall price.  When we don't have time to juice at home this spot will definitely be our alternative.  We will be trying their 3-Day Juice Cleanse next month too!
5 What a difference a few days make!! After speaking with Carly, the district manager about my experience, the ship has Definitely been righted. Everyone is extremely courteous, enthusiastic, and the product is terrific! They also have the card situation figured out. It is our regular go to spot for a healthy drink!
5 Since Nektar Juice Bar has joined the North Scottsdale juicing options, it is now my go to. Nektar is awesome and way more affordable than its North Scottsdale competition: Juby True, Whole Foods, Grabba Green. By affordable I mean they are selling their juices for about $4 less per size than the competition. For example, Juby True 16 oz juice is $9.00 whereas you can get a 16 oz at Nektar for $4.75 or even a 32oz for $8.50! So far at Nektar, I've tried: The Buzz, The Cure, The Glow, and most recently, Toxic Flush - they are all really good. Nektar also has acai bowls; I've never had one but I've seen people eating them and they look really yummy!
5 Everything is ridiculously delicious! The atmosphere is wonderful (just not around lunch time, it's crazy busy)! The entire room smells so fresh & clean, I love that I can see the fruit they use. It's a really great place. My 4yr old loves the chocolate dream smoothie! And it has avacado in it! It's so delicious! The bowls are so yummy & filling! You truly cannot pick something bad on their menu.
4 Good juice at reasonable prices!
4 Super yummy. I stopped in and got the banana berry acai bowl. Went around 12:30 and it was super busy. One of the girls I work with told me about this place and mentioned I should try the acai bowls. I had checked out the menu beforehand and had an idea what I wanted. Which was good because the menu board is small and up high so it's hard to see when your standing in line. The bowl was super yummy and consisted of stuff that seemed like acai yogurt, granola, bananas, blueberries and strawberries. After tax it came to $7.31 and I feel like that was an appropriate price. Yes, the fruit is not organic, but you get what you pay for. It was cost $16 to make these using organic foods. And the bowl is big! They don't skimp on the portion that's for sure. I'll def be back to try another flavor. Something more adventurous perhaps.
4 Love this place and come here often. Fresh juices with a large variety of made that day juices or pressed right there when you order it.  Prices are reasonable for pressed juice as everywhere is expensive and this place isn't any more or less expensive than the other pressed juice shops. Haven't tried any of their bowls but pressed juices & smoothies are delicious.
5 So happy I finally got myself to Nekter.   On Monday, I carpooled to yoga up at Gainey and on our way back home we stopped in for some bowls to go. I had the PB bowl - PERFECT for the chocolate lover.   On Tuesday, I drove my niece and nephew to school with my brother. After drop off, he wanted a bagel which was when I suggested Nekter take 2.  This time, I got the cleansing juice (can't remember the name) but it was great minus the parsley. I definitely became accustom to the flavor but I think I would sub it out if ordered that again. My brother got the same juice along with the berry acai bowl which he devoured.   Now, its Wednesday (7:27 am) and Nekter is on my mind again! Just found out they do $3 juices for babies. I heard the flamingo is good.   So, clearly I am hooked and hope others hop on the band wagon too!  The prices are the most reasonable for healthy fresh breakfast bowls, smoothies, & juices in town FOR SURE.  For the first time in four years, I finally have somewhere to be in Hilton Village. I guess I wouldn't mind driving my brothers kids to school more often if it means being close by to Nekter. But wait, I also heard they may be opening a new location on 44th & Indian School :)   That's my scoop. Go check it out. I love the atmosphere, vibe, ambiance, decor & they do juice cleanses as well!
5 This place can sometimes make my day. It's addicting. I'm on my third frequent flyer stamp card. If you fill one up you get a free drink. They have lots of great deals on cleanses, reusable cups, and gift cards. Every juice and smoothie I have ordered has been fresh, delicious, and super flavorful. The acaii bowls are amazing and enough for a meal. The staff is very friendly and quick. Try a ginger shot with cayenne pepper! That will wake you up!
1 Heard great things about Nekter over the weekend and was excited to try it.  Went in this morning and was disappointed to learn that they do not use organic produce!  Knowing that a bottle of cold pressed juice takes about 6 lbs of produce to make, I cannot imagine how many pesticides are in that bottle!   To be fair, I left the shop without a purchase so I cannot comment on taste but will stick with a local organic juice shop!
4 PB bowl is good too. But it becomes a little bland after a while. Couldn't finish it. I will be returning to the banana berry acai bowl next time.
4 There's a new juice bar in town and I challenge you to check it out if you're down...  For some reason, the above line came to me this morning as I sipped on my fresh juice from Nekter... It was "The Glow" by the way, and it was delicious!  With carrot, parsley, kale, spinach, celery, lemon and ginger in it, they say that "your skin will have a flushed and refreshed look after drinking.  I guess another side effect from drinking this may be creativity.  Way to glow!  This was my second of what is sure to be many many visits to Nekter in my immediate future.  My first time in, I purchased a few of the pre-bottled drinks and brought them home.  One of the ones that I really liked was the skinny lemonade... I loved the tart lemon flavor and the tiny bit of cayenne as well.  Alexa M told me about this place and she didn't steer me wrong.  The place is clean and welcoming, they have wifi and a decent amount of tables, and the employees seem friendly to boot!  There are plenty of other juices, smoothies, and healthy bowls on their menu that I look forward to trying and soon.    Of course, if you're looking to do a juice cleanse, Nekter offers several options ranging from 1 day to 5.  Go try a juice... you've got nothing to lose!
5 My newest addiction! Nekter is my favorite place to stop for breakfast or lunch! Although I haven't found a juice that I love, I can honestly say their banana berry bowl is the best thing I've eaten. With bananas, strawberrys, blueberries, and granola,  their ginormous acai bowl has me full for hours. Not only does it taste good, when I take it to go, heads turn. One morning I was stopped 4 different times to ask what that delightful treat in my hand was! If you want to try something fresh, delicious, and healthy come to Nektar, you'll be happy you did!!
4 What a great addition to our neighborhood! The service is always quick and friendly. Try the green juices (especially the toxin flush) and if you need a cleanse they have you covered. Not such a fan of the protein shake to go (it's chalky). Bowls are yummy too- my whole family eats them.
5 This place is the bomb,! Juices taste just like when I make than at home, and the staff is always friendly.from laguna beach, and seal beach to Scottsdale, I will seek out nekter first when I need a green!!!!
4 I can't help but wake up every morning now and resist the urge to spend all my money at Nekter. Their Acai bowls are unbelievable. I have tried the Acai pineapple, pitaya, and berry bowl. The juices are amazing too. I really don't have anything bad to say about this place except I wish it were all organic fruits and vegetable. If you go once, you will be hooked!
4 Let me get the one irritating thing out of the way first.  The wait to get a juice made here is ridiculous.  20 minutes to get what I purchased?  Out of control.  I'd suggest you go into this place knowing you'll be waiting for a bit, and they probably should front load peoples expectations before you order.    Other than that, its the best product you'll find in that part of town.  Blows the doors off the juice bar at FLW and scottsdale rd.
2 Acai bowls are great. Smoothies okay. Juice costs way more than it should for what it was...and the main reason for 2 stars was that we have now twice been charged for tips that were above the amount written so watch out.
5 Back when I was a youngin', the closest place to get an acai bowl was in San Diego. As California's exponentially lamer, younger sibling, Arizona has finally hopped on the bandwagon.   We may never have an ocean, but acai blended with bananas, dates, strawberries, peanut butter and vanilla cashew milk, topped with hemp seed granola and bananas ain't a half-bad consolation prize.  Much love and appreciation (/primal cravings) for Nekter and their phenomenal peanut butter acai bowl.
4 You may have to wait a few minutes for your juice and/or acai bowl. However, the wait is well worth it!
1 If you want to buy the "cleanse" , it is hit and miss if they have it in the store.  There is a group of us wanted to do it together.  This store told us to order online and they will be delivered to the store without a shipping charge.  Called their main office and was told they cannot deliver to this store.  There is a $20 shipping fee per cleanse.   I will go elsewhere now, across the street to Juby Juice for me.
4 Having moved here from Los Angeles and being addicted to green juices and going through withdrawal from my usual juice joint Pressed Juicery, I was looking for a place to fill that void and Nekter def fit the bill. The interior is adorable and very organic, the only thing I didn't like was that they have fruits and veggies displayed and they are plastic, kinda takes away from that whole fresh/healthy and organic feel.  They have a pretty wide assortment of fresh Juices and healthy snacks. I got the greenie, which I loved. It was pretty pricey though, more than I am used to paying.
5 I love this place! First time in and I got the greenie juice and the pb bowl. Both were delicious and the bowl was big enough for two meals. I could only eat half before putting it in my fridge to eat more later. I feel refreshed and charged and it's only 2 minutes from my house. I believe it's my new favorite and I'm glad I found a real juice bar close by.
5 My coworker and I had an hour break together (we work at Fashion Square Mall) and decided to get of the vibe. We went North on Scottsdale road arrived quickly at Nekter. I've never been to a juice bar before but I make my own at home, and they were so delicious. We got one of each kind for my coworkers and I really loved my order of The Greenie. The PB acai bowl was incredible (my favorite was how it was topped in hempseed granola). All-around just a healthy and fresh lunch. We had a great time, the workers are very friendly and the atmosphere is unique. Definitely will be back.
4 Nekter is the most convenient juice location for me.  Everything they offer is really good but have had better at other juice joints.  I struggle with 4 or 3 star rating a little. The wait is sometimes ridiculous!!!! If management reads this...PLEASE clean your restroom!!! It always looks gross!!!!  The seat looks like it might be stained with pee because that spot hasn't changed since I've been going here. Makes me second guess how clean other areas in the back are.
3 The juices are tasty and the service is friendly, but I purchased a 32 ounce juice and more than half of the cup was foam.  Not sure if 32 oz includes foam?  I will be back, but I will mention a 1/2 foam / drink to the staff if it happens again. I was thinking that this was normal, but I looked through other Yelp pics and their drinks were very lose to the top of the cup. And if you are wondering, I took two very small sips before my picture.  Perhaps something happened to my drink along with the other person who ordered one as when I was about to leave in my car, the other lady who got a drink served at the same time was walking back into the store with her drink.
5 The PB acai bowl is one of the best things I've ever had. I'm afraid to try anything else because I don't think it can be topped! Also they play good music and have cool photography inside. Yum!
