5 My sister's and I have an annual tradition of getting pedicures for the Christmas season. We came upon this little gem by happenstance!!! We walked in and asked for a standard pedicure for each of us (all with a design). They set us up right away! The whole staff was incredibly friendly.  Each of the ladies were wonderful!!! So nice, very attentive and aware of how we were feeling during the whole pedicure (checking to see if we were comfortable, if the water or stones were too hot etc). They were very reasonably priced as well. Overall we had a fantastic experience and we will definitely be visiting again!!!
5 I love this place! They are doing my bridal party nails and got me cake and wine! They always remember my name and do the best job. I go nowhere else for my nails!
5 This place is great! The service is exceptional and the owners are the best! I had searched hard for a nail salon where my gel manicure would not come off after a week. They take their time and make sure I am always 100% satisfied. Everyone is so personal with you and they really go the extra mile.   The prices are the best around!! I have referred a couple of friends and they have nothing but great things to say as well. Now they are returning customers! I am so happy I have found this spot!
5 your business is appreciated here!! and this is the place you want to get pampered! i've been coming here for at least 5 times in the past two months, and each time i was greeted with smile and a bottle of water, everyone was super friendly and attentive. I like to support local business like this because they treat me good, and who doesn't?! most importantly, they make my nails look sooo pretty and last long. so thanks for the good work, andy and tracy!
5 I love coming to this nail salon.  I used to go to another one nearby but the service is not as good as this place.  They are very friendly and do a great job on my nails! They take the time and do it right and at great prices too! Plus they are open till 7 pm which is good for those who work all day.  I highly recommended Blue Sky!
5 I've been here a few times after work and they have never disappointed. Fair prices ($45 for the best pedi) & very friendly staff. You will leave feeling pampered for sure!!
5 I have been going to this nail salon for quite awhile and they recently moved to a brand new salon a couple doors down from where they used to be located. The new salon is beautiful, relaxing, and very clean. The staff is always very nice and provide excellent service. I usually get gel manicures and pedicures and they always do a great job. I would definitely recommend this nail salon. It's the best I have found in the area.
5 I have been here twice and both times Henry has done my nails. He has done a wonderful job both times. I'm very picky when it comes to my nails and how I like them and he doesn't need direction...not with 12+ experience in the business. I will be back :)
5 Clean, friendly and beautiful job on my toes!! I was accommodated even though I walked in right before closing!  I was greeted with a bottle of cold water! Nice touch, especially in the hot summer! Their standard pedi also comes with a hot stone massage! Yay!
5 Tried this place out because my regular place was busy. It is clean, pretty and service is great. Thanks Brandon!
5 Loving my nails! Found this salon on yelp and decided to check it out since I live near by. I wanted to get a manicure and pedicure with a Fourth of July theme. I brought in pictures from Pinterest and the lady replicated them better than the image I showed her! It was an overall very relaxing experience. Very pleased and I'll be back!
5 What a fabulous place! Super clean inside and the staff is really friendly. 97$ for 2 shellac color manicures, one fill and one eyebrow wax. Great for bridal parties or birthdays as the setup has chairs facing each other :) Great customer service. Would recommend and will be back!
5 I love this place!  I've been to many nail salons and the service and quality here can't be beat. I will definitely be heading back every month.
