5 Only a few days after opening, I went to the Container Park with my girlfriend. As reviews around this time have indicated, it was very, very frigid and we were looking for a hot drink. It came in the ironic form of place called ChillSpot.   We each got a Mexican-style hot chocolate with marshmallows and whipped cream. As soon as we tried our drinks we knew it was probably the best hot drink we had ever had. Thoroughly enjoyed the drink from top to bottom and had an opportunity to speak with the man who helped us - don't know if he was the owner or not - but he was very nice and professional.  Since it's cold, we didn't bother with anything cold from their menu, but they have an impressive array of chilled drinks, particularly of note are the liquid nitrogen gelatos and sorbettos - hard to find this area.   Highly recommend this spot and everything in the Container Park. Excellent service and I'll certainly be returning!  NOTE: At the time, the place was Cash Only - a small dilemma. Be prepared. That said, everything on the menu has prices and includes sales tax, no need for the 8 cents on the dollar.
5 Chillspot is awesome. Gourmet desserts at affordable prices! The staff is very friendly and informative. It's a must try!  The drinks are awesome and tasty.  Come chill at the the CHILLSPOT. ROLLINART approves this message.
4 ChillSpot is part of the new plaza downtown. I am a huge fan of Sasapops, so a whole store dedicated to desserts makes me want to try it. With the nitrogen being out that night, our choices were cut down, but they still had shaved ice.  Diana and I got the Nero's Snow off of the international snow list. It is powdery snow topped with regional organic honey and fresh fruit. It is a simple dessert, but we loved it. A couple of friends got the Patbingsu and it was definitely different then the traditional version. They use Froot Loops, Luck Charms marshmallows, fruits, and condense milk. I brought up the lack of certain items and they put it on. We also tried the Hawaiian style shaved ice with just the house made syrup. The fact that it was not overtly sweet made me like them more.  The owner had a great disposition. If anything is to your disapproval, they will remake it. With time to properly set up and get settled, they will only get better.
5 I was thrilled to hear about the Sasapops team opening their first-ever shop in The Container Park off Fremont Street and 7th Street a couple of weeks ago, as I am a serious fan of their Sasapops!  The Salted Peanut Caramel Pop that I first discovered at Whole Foods is my guilty pleasure, and worth all the calories! You could previously only get a limited selection of Sasapops at Whole Foods or seasonally at a small cart at the Las Vegas Premium Outlet. So as soon as I heard about this new location, my brother and I went to immediately went over to check it out.   I was pleased to see Joe, the owner of Sasapops, behind the counter at ChillSpot taking orders and happily explaining the store's menu.  My brother ordered a coffee and I had to try the hot chocolate.  Both were very good, though I really loved my hot chocolate for the gourmet chocolate powder used and the whipped cream (which Joe said they make fresh onsite).  I ended up getting 4 of the dessert pops to take home as well, because the store has some seasonal or special flavors that you won't find at Whole Foods.  And believe me, the trip to ChillSpot is worth it for the dessert and fruit pops!  I've eaten 2 of the 4 pops I bought already and planning to go back!    I definitely recommend this place, and will be going back there many times, not only to support the downtown, but also because everything I've tried so far at ChillSpot has been delicious.
5 Love this place! There service was amazing, which I always have trouble finding in Vegas. They had no problem explaining the entire menu to me and taking there time making the treat. We got the Korean Shaved Ice. It was delicious!!! And the price is pretty awesome for what you get. I'm very excited for a good dessert place Downtown!
4 The halo-halo gets 5 stars, don't be scared to try it! Only gave the place 4 stars because they were out of liquid nitrogen and  could only offer a partial menu while I was there. The store front is very tiny, line was out the door the entire 2 hours I was at the park. The employees were taking time to give every customer a full menu tour- but it was worth the wait. Can't wait to go back next week and try something else!
3 I was shopping in the Downtown Container Park and needed something to drink so I decided to check out ChillSpot by SasaSweets. I had tried one of their fruit bars at the Las Vegas Outlets a while back, and it was delicious, but this time I just wanted something cool and refreshing to drink.   Calling this a 'ChillSpot' seems like a bit of a misnomer to me. While the Downtown Container Park itself is a rather cool spot to chill out, ChillSpot is actually a very small room which was extremely crowded when I originally tried to get a drink, and still rather crowded when I decided to go ahead and get in line. There is no where to sit inside, and barely enough room for people to wait for their orders to be made after they do order.   That said... the employees and the product were really great. They answered questions, they acknowledged those waiting in line, and apologized for the wait. My strawberry fruit water ($4) hit the spot. It was a good size for the price and tasted delicious.
4 My friend from Las Vegas brought me, my mom, and my sister to visit the Container Park over the Christmas break.  I was impressed by the vanilla ice cream, which they make for each order using liquid nitrogen. It's much creamier than store-bought ice cream. The mango smoothie was also great. The hot chocolate was mediocre; nothing bad but nothing special about it. I would recommend ordering cold items.  In addition to the food, I appreciated the friendliness of the staff. Their story of opening this establishment is inspiring; they only opened a couple weeks ago! It also turns out the owner's hometown is next door to my hometown in the suburbs of Chicago!  If you're looking for a chilly treat (especially during the summer!), hit up ChillSpot!
5 Cocktails turned popsicles?  I can dig it ;)  Wish it were closer to home.  Love that it's in Container Park.  I love the large selection of frozen treats.  It doesn't stop at popsicles.  They also serve shaved ice.  Think Kuma snow... but turned up a little.  The person that thinks and mixes up these flavors definitely has a great palate, and they know what's up!  Reasonably priced, paid about $10 for 2 popsicles.  They don't have any seating inside, but you can always walk around and find a seat in the park ;)
4 visited 1/9/13  had Mango flavored shaved ice. can't say much about shaved ice, although the flavoring really tasted good. i saw that they had Halo-Halo, so I have to come back to this place & visit to do a better review. Also there was a cute looking guy with the most beautiful eyes lol
4 I've been wanting to try sasapops for a long time, but never made it out to catch up with them (nor could I find it at whole foods?). Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised to see their shop inside the container park when I took my daughters to browse the shops and play on the playground.  They had a decent selection of Popsicles and mini pops and we decided to share one of an Asian fruit. I forget the name, but the owner accurately described it as a cross between an orange, lime, and grapefruit. The pop was delicious, made of natural ingredients, and only slightly overpriced ($3 for a mini I think).  Bonus points for being a local business.  Note: just before Christmas it was cash only.
5 YUMMY!!  First of all I can't have milk protein, so most frozen desserts are not on the menu for me...ChillSpot to the rescue!!  I had their "Sorbetto" with coconut & lychee flavors.  This individually hand crafted dessert did NOT disappoint!!  It's lightly sweetened with just the right amount of cane sugar & both the real coconut & real lychee were expertly balanced.  It's fun to watch the process as the ingredients are mixed in an industrial mixer with liquid nitrogen to add the perfect amount of "freeze".  Part Owner Joe Vergara (along with his sister Liza) was a gracious host & took the time to explain the ingredients & how the Sorbetto is made.  They have been successfully selling frozen fruit/juice pops under the SasaSweets label at Whole Foods Market for several years & recently decided to venture into the land of retail storefront.  What a welcome addition!!  They are conveniently located in the newly opened Container Park in Downtown.  One more convenience...the posted prices INCLUDE tax, so Ladies...no digging for loose change in the bottom of your purse to pay Uncle Sam.   Now I just need to think up more excuses to go Downtown, so I can get my next "ChillSpot fix"!!
3 Giving a 3 for now...  They were out of nearly everything we wanted to try. Disappointing, but at least their shaved ice was good. It was very soft and smooth, really perfect shaved ice. My Mom had the salted caramel peanut bar. She liked it, although found it very rich. She described it as a frozen inside of a Snickers bar. We wanted to get her the German chocolate cake Popsicle - but they were out of that too.   I'm still curious about the halo-halo I'm reading about on the reviews below, so I'll be back to try again.
5 I go for the Thai iced coffee which is the best I've had. I will eventually try some other things especially when it warms up. They make each order individually. Some times there's a wait, but trust me it's worth the wait. Quality takes time. They ask me if I prefer more or less sweet, or more or less milky. Even when you order something and it's not to your liking, they will make sure you're happy with your drink. I saw a lady who had ordered the shave ice and the fresh guava that they use did not infuse all the way into the ice, so they added more for her. My wife tried the halo halo and was surprised that they make everything in house from scratch that they add to it, and she thought that it was great.
4 Um wow THAI COFFEE yes please! If you like Thai coffee like me you know how hard it is to find away from spring mountain. So excited to get my fix while downtown. My other weakness caramel. So I had to try this salted peanut butter caramel thing. Ok I couldn't eat the whole thing because I'm not that into sweets but holy haminah it was soooooo good! My friend had their boba and said its one of the best she's had. So nice lil addition to container park
5 Went to Chill Spot today for the first time. We met the owner, Joe and he was very attentive and nice. We ordered strawberry  and Very Berry smoothies that were sooooo delicious! I will definitely be going back to try all the different things on their menu which I have never tried. Like the Halo Halo! They also have a secret menu I'm looking forward to discovering!
5 Chill Spot is now on our list of favorite places to go!!  My kids and I discovered Chill Spot a few weeks ago at the Container Shops downtown. What an awesome, sweet surprise!  We met Joe, the owner and he explained in great informative detail the gourmet sasapops and chocolate covered bananas they create! The chocolate they use is the very best, explained by Joe, and you can tell -it is so delish!!  My kids couldn't stop raving about how incredible and fresh their pops were!  I tried the margarita cockail pop- and it was amazing!  It was so refreshing, despite being cold outside, and the fresh lime right inside the pop was a fabulous surprise! We stop in every chance we get...  Check it out! You will love Chill Spot!!
5 It's hard to list all the reasons why I like SasaSweets and the ChillSpot. I've been having Sasapops for a while now so when I saw they had opened a full-service location, I had to check it out. This is a cute, local, family-owned and operated business.  I've been twice so far, both times for their snows, also known as shaved ice. This is real shaved ice, smooth and absorbent, unlike the garbage sno-cones you get from an ice cream truck. They have a lot of in-house syrups and all-natural fruit flavors; the mango was excellent and when I took their recommendation of coconut and chocolate, I was in heaven. It was like a Mounds bar only better. They are thorough with the flavor so you don't end up with a big patch of flavorless ice, but are also not drowning in syrup.  The Sasapops are killer, my favorite hands-down is the Blueberry Cheesecake but anything is good, I struggle between going back to favorites and trying new things because it's all so good! The prices are a little high but when you taste the quality of these frozen treats you will understand and come back for more!  The service is wonderful, energetic, enthusiastic, and friendly. They swear that if you have an issue with your treat, they will remake it or do whatever it takes to fix it. It's already hitting 70 outside, so get get some SasaSweets!
5 Best ice cream in Las Vegas!  It's hard to review the ChillSpot without reviewing the Container Park itself, which is its own unique experience. But I'll try to stick just to the Chillspot.  Joe is super friendly and extremely knowledgeable about his products. It is apparent that he has a deep passion for what he does, and strives to make the best desserts possible. He is very proud of his work and he should be. His homemade recipes are absolutely delicious, and an exciting event to watch being made right before your eyes!  I had the vanilla ice cream, made with real vanilla beans from Madagascar. It was absolutely delicious, and the liquid nitrogen gave it such a smooth, creamy consistency. None of the lumpy milkiness you associate with regular ice cream. This was so incredibly smooth. Eating this ice cream is like rotgut scotch all your life then sipping a fine single malt. It will spoil you!   I highly recommend this place for a frozen treat on a hot day. The Container Park itself is a unique experience, right on East Fremont, so there are plenty of sights and sounds to take in while you enjoy your frozen treat.
5 OK... first off.. the owners and employees are VERY nice and super informative.  They are proud of what they make and sell.  I like that.  Second.. the dessert pops are some of the best sweets I have ever eaten.  I have tried the fruit pops and the dessert pops, and the dessert pops win hands down.  All of their frozen treats are top-notch.  Dense, rich and obviously made with love. The fruit pops make me smile, and feel like I am treating myself and being healthy at the same time.... BORING!  No .. just kidding.  Fruit pops have their place in the world.  OK.. back to the dessert pops.  I can't say which one of these flavors are my favorite: German Chocolate (every single bite is full of chocolate pecan coconut YUM) Strawberry Shortcake (probably a seasonal flavor... I'm not even sure that's what it's called ... but it's DIVINE!)  and... drum roll please... BLUEBERRY CHEESECAKE.    This one is probably my favorite treat of all time.  I don't say this lightly folks.  I pride myself a sweets fanatic... the richer and creamier the better.  This concoction of delight is pure dessert perfection.  It has a creamy base that is tangy sweet.. just like cheesecake should be.  Then you run into blueberry after blueberry... and big generous chunks of graham cracker crust.  It makes my toes curl just thinking about it. 'Nuf said for now.  Gonna review them more on my blog :-)  LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 I went here after the most horrendous lunch experience of my existence. After a combined total of waiting for two hours without food at two separate restaurants downtown, my girlfriend and I remained unfed.   Disenchanted with humanity after being called profane names by a restaurant manager for asking where our food was an hour after ordering it, I was starving...And really, really, grumpy.   The only thing that could possibly make me feel better was some good halo-halo.  And good halo-halo I did find.   Move over ChowKing, ChillSpot's is my new favorite in this city. I love the ube paste stuff they use instead of ube ice cream! It adds a different creamy texture to the snow. I'm pretty sure their flan is homemade and its really really good. And they put soooo much fresh jackfruit in their halo-halo here! Let's be real...I probably could have just eaten a whole bowl of jackfruit and been thrilled. Even the ice is awesome here.  It's particularly fluffy and snow-like. Its not chunky at all.    Even though you guys were really busy, the girls at the counter were super nice and friendly.   You guys really made our day better.   Thank you!   I hope they have the vietnamese iced coffee the next time we come though.
5 Amazing service and wonderful selection of treats. The people at Chill Spot are really there to satisfy their customers.  See something new you aren't sure you would like, they'll give you a sample.  Not sure what halo halo is, the owner will explain it to you, even if you've already asked 3 times because you keep forgetting all of the ingredients.  So far my favorite is the greek shaved ice.  The simple syrup along with the rest of toppings is out of this world amazing.  I also had the halo halo which I thought was delicious but I wasn't too fond of the purple yam so next time I'll leave it out.  Another customer said that they have some of the best brewed coffee she has ever had.  I will have to get some of my next trip.  Oh, and you'll love where it's located, a Container Park!  Very cool place to go and take the kids :)
4 I've only tried the Halo Halo which was amazing!! So amazing that I had 2 servings. The price was reasonable for the amount that you get. This had saved ice but it seemed like it was a fresh powder of snow with flavor. Mine had jellies, rice crispy cereal to add texture, taro (purple yam) and coconut shreds. I will definitely be coming back! This is the number place to get my halo halo! The only downfall was that the store is small so it got really crowded. I will have to try the other stuff later when I come back.
5 Really great customer service! Explained all choices very detailed! I had the Thai coffee which was very different and tasty! And my boyfriend  had one of their shaved  ice specialties.. Definitely going back to try something new next time! Plus it's inside container park which drags us in for the rad atmosphere!
5 I am a delivery driver to this one-of-a-kind shop inside the container park. I've tried things from every eatery it has to offer. My favorite is by far The Chill Spot. The owner, Joe, is the optiome of the name of his shop, chill. That being said, he makes the most amazing things in his store. I make it a priority to try the "pop" of the day every time I deliver. I've had many of his creations and I've been more than impressed with all of them. To shorten my review, try ANYTHING he tells you to. It will change the way you look at gourmet desserts and treats.
4 To be honest I just wanted to see how they made liquid nitrogen ice cream haha! I got the strawberry gelato with liquid nitrogen and it tasted like regular gelato. Don't get me wrong it was tasty! It had a strong strawberry flavor which I liked. I'll be sure to try other stuff on their menu soon.
2 I was looking for desserts in downtown and came across Sasapops. I went searching around the outlet for 10 minutes trying to find it and was unsuccessful. Little did I know they opened up a store at the Container Park!   When I walked in I first noticed the pops. They were not the cool pops I saw on the Sasapops review like salted carmel. Instead they were basic fruit flavors-mango, strawberry, etc. Nothing was calling out to me. I guess I was hoping for more unique flavors.   I had never been here and had to ask the girl at the front about everything on the menu. I kind of wish I was given a little bit more info since their menu was very confusing. The snow choices had names that were different but no explanation of them. There should be some sort of explanation somewhere. I decided to order a halo halo and my hubby got a shaved ice with fruit puree on it. I appreciated fruit puree instead of the sugary liquid that's usually poured on shaved ice. They do have the sugary flavors by the way, for those that want it.   In the pictures, the halo halo looked like it was the perfect choice. I'm sorry but for $5 I expect my cup to be filled, not 3/4 of the way filled. The "snow" mixture had ) taste apparently it's just ice with evaporated milk? I asked because I was curious what it was made out of. I really think it needed a bit of flavor. Within 3 minutes, it was completely melted down to a soup. Gross. It was only 72 degrees outside so I can't imagine what happens when it's really hot in the middle of summer.  I think I was disappointed when I saw a science experiment in the making and I asked what that was. She told me ice cream made from liquid nitrogen but it's only on the "secret" menu. I mean, I get it if it's secret, but if I would have ordered that I might have a reason to come back. That ice cream looked really good. I think that knowing it was my first time the employee should have taken her time to go over the menu instead of me having to ask all the questions.
5 Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 18/100  Way to do the halo-halo justice, Chillspot!   Whenever I went to the Philippines for vacation, one thing my father made sure my family did not miss was the halo-halo. In case you guys are not familiar with it, halo-halo is a traditional Filipino dessert pillared with shaved ice and topped with leche flan, jelly, coconut shreds, ube halaya, nata de coco, jack fruit and ice-cream (usually mango or ube). Yea, it's a boatloada stuff. What we normally do is mix it all in together before indulging.  Now, what impressed me the most with Chillspot was the authenticity of its product. Foregoing the yogurt cup (halo-halos are usually served in parfait glasses) and environmentally-friendly wooden spoons (brownie points!), it was not too sweet nor was it holding back on toppings. They gave us the real deal and we felt like we were right in Ice-Castle, Cebu.
4 Yummy shaved ice (you can pick your own flavors). The frozen vanilla custard was nice and creamy. Halo halo was on point!
5 Everything i've had here is really good. Its a bit more expensive than your grocery store ice pops. Their flavors are on point. Its obvious they make them from real fruit. My little niece cant get enough of the strawberry raspados, and i cant help to steal a little taste once in a while. My favorite is their mango and guava raspados. The halo halo is pretty good. Its the shave ice that drags my oldest niece and nephew here all the time. Overall, you'll be paying a little bit more but its the quality you are paying for.
4 Had the fresh mixed berry smoothie and enjoyed the quickly whipped and rich drink. Wonderful! This place next to first floor elevator.
4 Visiting the Container Park for the first time, I really didn't know what to expect. All I knew at that time was that I wanted a frozen dessert. After walking around and checking out the place, I finally stumbled on this place.  Likes: Neat concept with making frozen desserts in microbatches so it's fresh. I had the vanilla frozen custard and it tasted good. Also tried the raspberry sorbetto and it had a nice, strong flavor.  Dislikes: My portion was a bit small for the price, but I guess part of the price was watching them make the desserts with liquid nitrogen. Menu was a little confusing to read; you had to wait until it went to the section you wanted to read.  My order was the last liquid nitrogen order, so I was glad I got to try it. With no other frozen dessert places here, it's pretty much the default, but the desserts I had were good.
1 Looking for ice cream I stopped in, I asked a few questions about the menu to which the workers were not sure, but they did say they had "vanilla custard." So after dinner we came back for some "vanilla custard" $4.99 and some liquid nitrogen later I was handed a half of a baby cup full of half liquid half vanilla tasting something or other.  I looked at it as if it may have been a mistake.  It was not what I was expecting and it was definitely not vanilla custard.  I asked if that portion was correct for the price I paid and they let me know they portion everything out to 5oz.  With the vague answers to my questions about other menu items, portion size, prices, and one of the workers enjoying her dinner inside the shop, I have no desire to return to try anything else.
5 I have yet to be disappointed. Joe has a great vision and wonderful products. The staff is always friendly and the quality is consistently great. I usually get a coffee (they have a different selection every day from countries around the world) but their popsicles are oh so good too! If you're in the Container Park you should definitely stop by!
4 Although this place is as small as a closet you will be missing out on something really good if you don't stop by. Located in the Downtown Container Park, this particular establishment will hopefully do really well and relocate to a bigger spot in the future.  Offerings include fruity concoctions such as fruit teas, fruit slushes, gelatos, boba/bubble teas, sorbettos, and much more! On my first trip here I ordered two drinks: one Thai iced tea with boba at a sweetness level of 3 (out of 5). This made the drink a perfect mix of tea flavor and sweet. The amount of boba was plentiful, and the serving is relative to the price.  I also ordered a simple strawberry iced tea, which I drank later and it was refreshing. Not too sweet, but had a very distinct flavor of all-natural strawberry (not artificial flavoring).  The only downside to ChillSpot is its very small and cramped. I would not want to be here when there were a lot of people placing orders. Also - the menu is electronic and rotates between screens. I didn't realize this until I was waiting for my already-ordered drink and saw they made slushes, which I would have rather tried over the iced tea.   PS - Word is they make deserts infused with nitrogen and halo-halos. I will have to come back for one of these...
2 Disappointed because more than half of the items on the menu wasnt available! Wahhh.... So I had to settle and get something other than what I was intended to get. Because they won awards for their frozen pops, they convinced me to give it a try. They said their watermelon flavor was most popular but to be quite honest, it was ok. Nothing special. It literally tasted liked a frozen watermelon. But I guess that's good right??   I'm just disappointed because everything else other than the frozen pops and milk teas werent available   Maybe I'll give it another try some other time..
1 I am giving them 1 star since they were out of everything on their menu! My gf and i had to settle for the frozen pops. I got the mango and she got the watermelon, they were okay not worth $4 in my opinion.
5 Very "cool" spot... Get it??? I'm here all week.  Seriously, this place is wonderful. My lovely girlfriend and I decided to have a weekday lunch at the Container Park and stopped in for dessert and we were both glad we did.  If you have read any of my past reviews you may notice that I tend to value customer service above everything, but the Chill Spot was on point in EVERY category.  The prices are reasonable and the ice cream is the bees knees. And his elbows. And his ankles. And his... Well, you get the point.  The coolest part was after we got our ice cream/sorbet. One of the partners in this business (I know this because I'm nosy and ask too many questions) had just finished making our treats by hand and told us both "try that and if it's not amazing, I'll make you something else." It could've tasted like cigarette butts and I would've kept it because of how genuinely sincere he was but luckily it was some of the best ice cream I have ever had.  Nice job, guys. You've won a couple fans.
5 The HaloHalo is amazing!  It's not too sweet and it is pretty large in size. My family of four shares one almost every time we go to Container Park!
4 You almost miss this place with it's poor signage and being under a stairway but using frozen fruit and puree mixed with milk, they make a pretty mean smoothie.  They also have ice cream, coffee and tea.    The smoothies aren't on the board that has their menu.  They have easy to read pictures of the fruits available including some off the beaten path ones.  They do not have boosts for the smoothie and there is nothing to let you know the calorie count.  Overall I like this place and, as I said, my mango pineapple smoothie was very tasty!
5 So delicious. I'm so in love w/ the Container Park's setup. The whole pop up/ mom and pop shop idea is really beautiful.  I went here on a hot sunny day while strolling the Container Park w/ my man. I saw a couple people around the park w/ Popsicles and I wanted to conform and try one. It's a small establishment but it was pretty busy. I noticed that they had more than just Popsicles and shaved ice. They had drinks like Italian sodas and coffee as well. I was impressed that they had a good range to their menu. I ordered a coconut pop (it was so good!). The Popsicle tasted so fresh and the coconut bits were just divine. My bf got a Thai tea and it was refreshing. The guys working there are very friendly and attentive. After I order I notice they served halo halo and I was bummed I didn't order it...it's totally an excuse for me to come back for sure.lol
5 There should be at least one place you can go to eat food that can make you purely happy. For me, that place is ChillSpot, and that food is their popsicles.  While I'd love for them to always have my favorite pops (raspberry lemon lychee, carrot cake, pineapple upside down cake and blackberry lemonade), part of the adventure is asking what they have in stock that day. I fear that if they always had my favorites, I would never branch out and learn that other things are just as good or even better. Tthe absence of pineapple upside down cake, for instance, led me to order carrot cake--and it's kind of like eating a slice of heaven...try it with a glass of Moscato from Bin 702 for a suddenly spendy dessert.  Pro Tip: When you get food from other locations in the Container Park, get your drinks here. The Real Fruit Slushes are less money than some of the other places charge for soda, and they're wayyyyy better. If you have more than one person in your party, send one to get the food and the other one here. Ask for raspberry, lemon, passionfruit for a flavor combo that kills it.
5 you should have more store like this here in Las Vegas.  Didnt expect to see Calamansi and Halo-Halo on the menu from this place.   Halo-Halo was the bomb.
5 Please open one by my house. Wait, no, cuz then I'd be there every single day. My cousin got the calamanci and I got the vanilla bean. OMG the vanilla bean. OMG. Stayed frozen way longer than expected in the heat too.
5 ChillSpot is absolutely perfect. I went for the first time yesterday and already had to go back today to try more flavors. The tiramisu pop has to be the best ice cream I've ever eaten without question. Their menu had such a large variety though, I wish I was staying in Vegas long enough to try it all! Also, I really appreciated the friendly employees. They were extremely helpful in helping us navigate the menu and choose the best options for us. Seems like a great family owned business that deserves national attention for how wonderful their product is!
