4 This place opened up right down the street from my job and so far so good. They took over an old Quiznos and didn't change too much of the inside. You can tell they're a newer subway. The staff is generally pretty nice and effective, the only time I have issues is when I'm ordering multiple sandwiches at a time, then things start to go screwy. One major plus I'll give them is that the vegetables are always fresh and while not overly liberal, they have no problem filling the sandwich with veggies if you ask, which are the two major things I don't like about most locations. Overall, I like this experience more than most subways, so kudos there
4 So Happy that here is a 24 Hour Subway close to my home!  This place presents healthy options when you wanna grab a bite to eat.  I usually come in the evening and notice that the place gets SWAMPED and there is only one employee here to handle everyone.  I would suggest at least two people at all times.  To keep lines small and also for safety at night. (You never know).  The employees here are very friendly .  Usually I would scream and cry inside if they're being skimping on toppings, but no, not this place.  Professional all the way.  Sandwich Artists!  They make it right and they listen well.  They also handle multiple sandwich orders quickly and efficiently.  I am a fan, just need more employees at night I would think.
3 I'm glad Subway took over Quizno's because I wasn't a fan of that location. This Subway is open 24 hours. I came in just before 9 pm and ordered a Cold Cut Combo for $5 plus tax. I became nervous when the girl who took my order said she had to examine the meat first to see if it was still good because it had been sitting in the container for a while. WTF??? We all know Subway isn't known for slicing fresh meat or serving meat that is of good quality but come on! I was skeptical however everything looked fresh to me. I have to say... my sandwich was great. Nothing smelled funny and the sandwich looked great. I came back the next day for lunch and that sandwich was good too. Inside was clean and I really like the convenience of them being open 24 hours. Try the cookies they are actually good.
1 I usually love subway, but this location it not the same.  Having to ask for a topping four times is ridiculous.   it wasn't just me either, I noticed almost everyone in line doing the same.  I can only assume the ones that didn't were too shy.  this has happened on all 4 of my visits.  I would suggest choosing a different location where there is not shortage on all vegetables.
