4 What a fun time!!  I attended the 6 hour Smoking and Grilling class this past weekend.  There were about 22 folks that attended.  The instruction was good and there were lots of food.  Good introduction to lots of different smokers and grills.  The school actually offers lots of the equipment for sale and after checking prices on the web their prices appeared to be better than can find on the open market.  The class started at 10AM and had a snack at about 2PM and lunch at about 3:30PM.  So by the time 2PM came around everyone was very hungry....especially after doing all the food prep and the anticipation of a great meal.  A couple of suggestions....when I went I missed the part about bringing your own drink.  Six hours of class and eating with nothing available was not as enjoyable as being able to crack open a cold adult beverage.  Most of the actual grilling was done by an employee and a limited amount of grilling was done by a few students.  It would have been nice to get more hands on the grills.  In addition, the store was very inefficient on getting checked out and took way too much time.  A better POS system is needed.  I did end up buying a bunch of stuff in the store.  With the decent prices I like to support a local business.  If you have a chance to attend - I highly recommend this program.  They also have a steak class and a sea food class (I signed up for that one next month!)
5 I attended the 6 hour BBQ and Smoker class and had a great time.  The class was informative, the food was delicious and overall had a great time...Treavis and Jon were great.   The class moves along at a good pace, but not too fast. I can't wait to go to the steak class next.  After the class, they give you an opportunity to shop In their store from some of the equipment used in the class.  I took time to search online for pricing and found their pricing to be identical with the lowest prices I found online.  Can't wait to put the class to use.  Tips:   - Bring whatever beverage you would like to drink (water, tea, soda, beer, etc) ..   - Eat before going to class (small snack) as the first tasting is 4 hours into the class..  - Be prepared to do a lot of tasting, first snack time, then the 2nd tasting is about an hour later. - A note pad can be helpful to write down recipes, and tips - Plan on doing at least a little shopping as there are some inexpensive items that can be helpful.  - Be prepared to ask questions.  The class is 100% interactive and the knowledge the staff can provide is a bonus.  - Have fun!  ** The class is not for vegetarians, Meat, Meat, and more Meat!
5 My father and I recently attended the smoking class. I learned a lot about cooking and handling meat, not just smoking.  You really get "hands on" in this class and learn plenty of skills. It's given me a lot of confidence and motivation to cook more. I definitely recommend it. It's fun and you learn a lot.
1 A group of us wives got a Living Social for the 6-hour grilling and smoking class for our husbands last year. Awesome gift, huh? Nope. They all had a terrible time. One employee spent a big chunk of time in the beginning of the class explaining how much money they lose when the customer buys a coupon. Awkward! The guy had a whistle that he would blow if you talked too much, and the guys spent the majority of their time doing dishes. Lame. We were all in the doghouse for awhile for wasting their entire day. The only positive my husband said was that the guy that was grilling was nice and somewhat entertaining.
