5 Authentic chinese food. Good price too. We will be back. 推荐皮蛋瘦肉粥。。the lady was friendly. Wish we found this place sooner.
4 It's actually pretty good for how inexpensive the prices were. Although they do not have a large menu, they had a good range of selections. Walking along the strip or even driving by it, you could easily miss it. It's in a marketplace of restaurants and vendors close to Polo Towers and the Travelodge.  After eating finely the two days prior on the Las Vegas Strip, we decided as a group to stroll the marketplace (which was steps away from our hotel --the Polo Towers) and see what we wanted to eat that wouldn't cost a lot, and couldn't drive anyway because none of us could legally do that at the time, if you catch my drift.  There weren't too many patrons inside so service wasn't slow for us. There's a good number of tables and seats here as well as a wall mural of photos depicting food around the world. The 6 of us sat down, ordered food, and received food in a timely fashion. We were out of there in 15mins and didn't feel rushed...except that it was almost time for the Walking Dead episode to come on..  I ordered the miso ramen. I've had better noodles in San Diego but the broth was nice. No MSG present (I'm sensitive to MSG so I'll know), and really satisfies me. Others in my group got a roasted duck and BBQ pork bowl (roasted duck has bones so beware), roasted duck and wontons soup,  as well as shrimp fried rice which had full shrimps tossed in.  Not bad compared to other eateries on the strip and doesn't hurt my wallet.
1 Not sure, how this place received any good reviews. The service was bad, as well as, the food. It took a while to be seated, even though there were plenty of empty tables.  I ordered the BBQ pork and Duck, the meat smelled really rancid. I was so disgusted. I informed the waiter that the food was bad, he didn't offer a refund, just the bill to pay. Beware of this place.
1 Stay away.   Terrible service. Maybe ten people in the restaurant. And they couldn't get the orders out in a timely manner. One lady waited an hour for soup. Our group of seven got orders one at a time in a span of forty minutes and they forgot part of our order. Another couple just wanted to leave.   This was Murphys Law at its worst.
2 Sorry to say this place was pretty bad...the noddles are like the ramen noodles but I think the ones in a cup would taste better! I ordered the wonton noodle soup and was surprised they had shrimp in them. Maybe they were shrimp dumplings tossed in soup. The soup itself had no flavor..my mom got duck and wonton soup mixed. The duck was full of fat and bones. I would not come back.
4 Nice food (noodle soup and mongolian beef) for reasonable price. Service ia good, but limited English. Oh well, you go here for the good food at cheap prices!
