5 The place is very nicely done, great staff, clean bathrooms and really great decor - the ambience is great - you could bring an office mate to lunch and still have a nice dinner with you spouse in the evening in this setting...  I have a shellfish allergy and my husband has a gluten allergy... So we were pretty cautious is ordering our meals - we had the tofu roll, pork Vietnamese rolls, caramelized salmon and crispy rice with tenderloins... On  the side - we had tried the edamame, and garlic wings...   Everything was awesome! The crispy rice on clay pot was particularly awesome and the rolls are excellent.... The fried spring rolls are tasty... You just know when the chef pays particular attention to his creation.   Their cocktails are great too - I had the Lychita where they have their own housemate lychee vodka! And their white sangria is also good!  Got to check it out helpers!!!
5 Excellent dinner!  Just went with a group and really enjoyed the ambiance and the food.  We shared drinks (interesting list of specialty drinks) and caught the end of happy hour.  As our appetizers, we ordered the spring rolls served with peanut sauce and edamame with 2 sauces (lemongrass was my favorite) - very fresh and tasty.  For entrees we shared garlic noodles and shrimp, the caramelized salmon and crispy rice with shrimp in clay pots, and lemongrass chicken.  The dishes are all served with a side salad and a bowl of broth (pho) for mixing in sauces.  It was all very fresh tasting and delicious.  They also have a nice outdoor patio and appears dog-friendly.  We will go back!
1 Just tried the Slanted Rice for lunch with a friend today and I was, not only not impressed, I would not go back.  I had the combination Summer Roll, which cost $4 for one small roll and was not very good.  We split the Pho soup, which did not have much flavor, plus there was a lot of fat on the meat in the soup.  The soup also had sausage in it, which had very little flavor.  I also had a Vietnamese iced coffee and it tasted like it came from a can.  I so wanted to like this place :(
5 Finally made it to Slanted Rice . . . and I was in Seventh Heaven!  What a beautifully designed space . . . and very comfortable!  I love the outside patio decor as well.   They offer a special lunch menu, but you can order off the main menu as well. There are so many choices from appetizers, salads, spring rolls, sandwiches, rice dishes, and dinner entrees. We had a difficult time deciding as we watched orders being delivered to other tables around us. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked amazing and fresh! Hubby and I decided to split two different spring rolls -- the Shrimp and Pork with peanut sauce and the Fried Tofu with peanut sauce. I have to say, they really know how to do peanut sauce!  Hue, one of the owners, also brought out some miso sauce to try as well with the rolls, and that was delicious as well!  Definitely many more rolls in our future.  We split the Crispy Rice in Clay Pot with chicken as our main entree. It was hands down the most tasty rice dish I have ever had. (And I am not a fan of rice to begin with!)  It also comes with a large bowl of soup and a good-sized salad. Definitely enough to share, but next time, I will order one just for myself. I almost inappropriately licked the bowl!!!  The owners Hue and Ty are very gracious and welcoming. I have already decided to have another lunch here later this week, and can't wait to bring in another group of friends for dinner so that we can experience more of everything!!!
4 Food is very good - a bit higher for Vietnamese but worth it for the venue and the food - love the décor - service a bit slow but they just opened so we will try again - we love this type of fresh Asian food - thanks - we made it to the movie on time for hubby's birthday last Monday.
5 I will admit, the place is a bit pricey, but this place is great! I came here a couple weeks ago with my family and we really enjoyed it. The atmosphere was really nice and the service was great. But enough of that, the food was top notch. I really liked the appetizers: chicken wings with a hint of lemongrass in them. I devoured them so quickly that I was almost full before the entrees came. I had a garlic noodle dish with shrimp. I enjoyed every bite of it. If you're around, this place is definitely worth looking at for a nice, delicious dinner!
4 Just called, now they DO NOT take reservations, but have a call ahead model, so YELP is incorrect in saying they take reservations. That needs to be updated. Have had issues with past reservations, them not being aware after being made, so this may be more realistic. Great food, very nice atmosphere, but operationally there are lots of issues, but helps that they are all super nice staff/owners.
4 We have been there on 3 occasions. Have enjoyed each visit. My only recommendation would be with their spring rolls--I would like to see less lettuce, more oriental vegetables, and more meat.
5 Favorite pho in town. Great service.  Fun happy hour with super affordable prices to try lots of small plates.  Def in our regular rotation now.
5 Second time back here on work travel. Came here a few weeks ago with a friend from work & we really enjoyed it. This time on work travel solo came here for lunch & the place was packed. Even with it being so busy the staff was very attentive. Jasmine tea + lunch special of tofu (under the lemongrass lunch specials), soup and salad was fabulous. Last time I was here the shrimp spring roll with peanut sauce stood out. Will definately be back again & I hope this place becomes a staple in N. Scottsdale!
1 I agree with Kelley H. Had the pork and shrimp egg rolls which were mediocre and a little undercooked. I was concerned but they said they freeze the egg rolls so the pork which looked very pink was ok. I thought these were made from scratch. Try the Tottie rolls at Totties 2 down the street which are way better. I also had the meatball pho which was very bland and the meat looked and tasted like sausage. The server didn't offer to get me something else when I said I didn't really like it or when he picked it up and saw I ate very little of it. The service was ok otherwise. Definitely not coming back.
4 Upscale Vietnamese food.  I was here for lunch and had a combo meal with grilled beef.  It was very nice and I enjoyed the friendly service and a casual lunch on their front patio.
5 Really enjoyed the new pho place close to him. Egg rolls were much bigger than usual. My girlfriend loved the appetizer pho tai. Pho dac biet was amazing. Huge portion and delicious. Really great atmosphere compared to other hole in the wall Vietnamese places.
5 Delicious new Vietnamese restaurant! More upscale than most but still just as tasty as the mom and pop shops. We started with the pork egg rolls which were really big and very good. Pho appetizer is a perfect size if your not too hungry and really cheap on happy hour ($3). Atmosphere and service were awesome. Definitely a small dining area so it's probably crazy busy during lunch and dinner hours. I recommend going at happy hour so you can get in!
1 Giving Slanted Rice even one star is being generous.  I had heard such great things about Slanted Rice and love Vietnamese food so friends took me for my bday.  We had brussel sprouts  and edamame a la lemongrass ... both were very sweet and sticky.  As my main, I had the clay rice pot with tofu and veggies.  The tofu was disgusting - chewy and tough - like it had been cooked and then microwaved to heat it up.  I mentioned it to our waiter who brought the owner over.  She explained that they use firm tofu and proceeded to tell me about the different kinds of tofu.  No apology was offered, nor was the dish offered to be removed from the bill.  She didn't apologize.  I asked for rice with veggies which took forever to come out.  The dish had about 2 cups of rice and 1/2 cup of veggies - again, smothered in a sweet sauce.  My friends ordered tofu and chicken - both said they were spongy, touch and chewy.   I eat tofu all the time and have never tasted tofu so poorly prepared.   Totties, Malee's on Main and Saigon Nights all have delicious tofu.  NONE of them serve chewy, spongy,  tofu.  The soup that come with the meal was salty.  The salad was basically wilted lettuce.  The restaurant knew it was my birthday.  They didn't offer us dessert. - not that I was looking for a free-bee - they never even brought a dessert menu giving us a chance to order.  All around I had a very poor experience.  And, the prices were extremely high.  Rice with a few veggies $14.    Seriously!?   I won't be going back and neither will the two other friends I want with.
4 Looking for a gluten free restaurant & craving pho, decided to Slanted Rice, got there; kind of busy, had to wait for a table. Got seated and looked over the menu; they had (*gf) symbols, so made us feel at ease. Pho entree didn't list as *gf so had to ask. Ordered spring rolls; they brought out gluten free sauces, very good. Enjoyed Pho wish had more non broken bean sprouts, very accommodating once crowd slowed down; also very tight quarters. Enjoyed our time there will be back!
4 The atmosphere is very warm and friendly. This would be a great date night place. The food was very good and served piping hot. Loved this place and will be back to try something else.
4 Not your average Vietnamese restaurnant. Worth 5 stars but we had to wait an hour. They had 3 big tables came in before us and apologized.  Enjoyed specialty spring rolls and pho.  We will definitely be back when we are in town.
4 I was really blown away this establishment. I really enjoyed my crispy rice with fried tofu. The waiter was very sweet and accommodating. I enjoyed everything I had there thoroughly.
2 My server Taylor was very pleasant. Now that I have said something nice let's talk about the meal.  Spring Roll $5 - Sweet Pork with Crispy Wonton, Nice and tasty, but where's the Crispy Wonton I asked, Answer -"oh we had a busy lunch and ran out. So guess the kitchen just left it out, sorry".   Entrée $22 - Prawns with Garlic Noodles, served with Soup and Salad. Soup and salad served right AFTER the Entrée. The Soup was clear broth - bland and barely warm. The Salad only  1/2 cup leaf lettuce with shred carrots plus tsp. dressing.   Prawns with Garlic Noodles - ONLY two (2) shrimp CUT IN HALF grilled and served with an appetizer sized plate of noodles. A dish named Prawns served with only 2 shrimp???  When I said I was not happy about only two shrimp. I was told "yea but shrimp are expensive". Even though the entrée was Really SMALL and served at room temperature the dish was tasty.     Guess I ordered the wrong items. Maybe I'll give them another try but with different items.
1 One word - disappointed. But not unexpected. After all, it's in the middle of Scottsdale.   I love Vietnamese food and I consider myself a veteran - I've tried many Vietnamese restaurants in town. Their food is mediocre to say the best, and pricey as everyone else mentioned. I'd tolerate that if their service is good. But no. We waited for 45 minutes for two simple lunch specials and when they finally came, my order was wrong.   We are not going back for sure.
5 Went spur of the moment with a dear friend.  LOVED the service, LOVED the food, LOVED the decor!  Had an excellent experience.  They have a gourmet, extensive menu, that is as delicious as it sounds.  We had the special shrimp ceviche, curry shrimp and grilled shrimp salad...YUMMMMM!
2 Had vegeterian pho...was good...but when I called to place order, I asked if all the sauces would be in bag w ingredients and was told yes. There was no sir racha !  I also ordered a veggie spring roll, asked if it was like the ones at rice paper, their sister restaurant, and again told yes. No...it was basically lettuce sprouts and asparagus and no vermicelli noodles at all! Hands down rice paper downtown is the best!!! Very cute interior though at slanted rice...I will try it our for dinner.
4 Shrimp Crispy Rice CLAY POT is all I can say! Holy moly this was FABULOUS.
1 Everyone should get a second chance... So tonight I went back to the Slanted Rice. Once again the service was OK. But the food still SUCKS. I will never go back. This place is a lost cause. The "cooks" in the kitchen have no clue, except for chopping lettuce. Everything is flavorless, shrimp way over cooked like rubber, and pork/ canned "Treat" full of grease. Rice noodles were like a ball of glue.  So sad that a nice looking restaurant with an OK location is spoiled with Bad Food.  The review in Phoenix Mag. was right the Valley is full of much better choices.
5 Fire shrimp and shaken beef are fantastic  The staff was very helpful cool bar to sit eat and watch a game
5 I love this restaurant. The food is to die for. Every time I go there I order something different on the menu. I haven't had a bad meal yet.
5 Holy Cow this place is nothing short of amazing, the employees are fantastic but food is mind blowing! Owners are there all the time and really care, they are friendly, personable. This place is perfect for romance, a night out, whatever...I LOVE this place!!!!
4 Had dinner twice here.  Food was very good!  Authentic with a slight twist of western flare. Egg rolls are very standard and good.  Clay pots are our favorite!  I had pho both times, thought the broth was too thin, not enough flavor.  I will not come here for pho, but will try other items.  Service was very good and friendly.  Great place for neighrbood eats for Scottsdale, a town that lacks of taste buds and variety.
4 Dinner for 2 on a Wednesday night at 8pm afew weeks ago. The weather was nice,we sat out on the patio. No wait,steady crowed,Love the decor, friendly staffs and I had Pho Meatball which was mediocre, my friend had Pho Ga with beef broth which he say was very delicious. Meatballs tasted different but definitely not a bad thing. My Pho Broth after taste was unique. Perhaps family secret recipe. I love secret recipe!  (^_-)  Although they close at 9pm ... We did not feel rush at all. It was a good night. :)
4 I'm not a Vietnamese food expert and so I'm not reviewing Slanted Rice with any kind of mindset that this is authentic Vietnamese food.  However If the food is good than who really cares?  Two words: shaken beef.  It really is amongst the most delicious dishes I've had in recent memory.  Filet beef, onions, and a great sauce (that next time I will order extra for).  The wings with garlic were also a major hit as were the garlic noodles.  We ended up ordering a second side of it mid meal.  Was not a fan of the pho or the crispy rice dish, but now I know what to get because the rest was phenomenal.  Staff was great, food was great, and I will be back ASAP as well as recommend to others.
4 Their staff is very friendly, and the food is consistently good. My favorite starter is the Garlic Butter Edamame. My favorite entree thus far is the Crispy Rice in Clay Pot with chicken, had it five times and enjoyed it every time. I also highly recommend the Garlic Noodles as a side dish to share with one person.
