4 Old Town Scottsdale doesn't really scream "smokehouse," with all its chic nightclubs and modern eateries. But a barbecue restaurant makes perfect sense in the historic area, and if you're going to do a smokehouse, it may as well be one with flattering lighting, hip décor and an attractive waitstaff - like Bootleggers in Old Town, where Praying Monk used to take up residence.  This is the second Arizona location for the restaurant, which boasts a "sophisticated country-cozy" feel characterized by brick walls and high wood beam ceilings. It definitely felt rustic yet modern, a great barbecue joint that still manages to be classy.  I went there for a preview dinner this past weekend with some friends, and we were treated to a variety of dishes. Be sure to try some of the house-made apple pie moonshine ($5), which comes in a mason jar and tastes so sweetly like the real stuff, you'll swear there's not alcohol in it.  My pal tried a moonshine flight, which included flavors of strawberry, blueberry and peach, and she said the apple pie was by far her favorite kind.  First, we noshed on brisket-topped nachos ($12), with jalapenos and a fresh avocado relish. My pals liked the appetizer, which seemed to be a hit at other tables, too.  Next up was a chopped brisket sandwich ($12), which was served with potato chips. Be careful if you try cutting the sandwich - it might be easier to eat this bad boy all at once, since slicing it caused the contents to spill out. The brisket on this sandwich was the most impressive offering of the night to my friend.  We also were served smoked turkey breast ($8) with coleslaw ($4), which also came with some tortillas to build your own wrap. While one of my pals did not like the sweet taste of the turkey sauce, the other thought it was great. If a sweet flavor on meat isn't your cup of tea, skip this dish. My pal also remarked the coleslaw wasn't distinguishable from the kind you'd get at a fast food spot.  I loved the smoked sweet corn ($4), topped with a tabasco-lime butter. Don't even attempt to eat the corn with a fork and knife - this appetizer is worth getting your hands dirty and tasted super-fresh.  While I'm not the hugest fan of barbecue (and am vegetarian), I would go back to Bootleggers for some moonshine in the giant bar area, which takes up half the restaurant. There are plenty of TVs to catch a sports game, and their daily happy hour menu from 3-6 p.m. includes $3 Coors Lights.
5 Started the evening with a moonshine flight of strawberry, blueberry and the apple pie. Blueberry was decent strawberry was better but the in house made apple pie was the star of the three. It was sweet with just the right amount of burn on the way down.   We moved on to the Bacon board it was amazing. I really enjoyed the jalapeño and applewood bacon. My wife enjoyed the con fit and we both felt the pork belly was the best thing in the board. The sweet onion spread was excellent as well as the house made pickles.   We then shared the BBQ sampler each of the meats on the sampler were very good but the pulled pork was the shining star by far. The BBQ sauce was thick and sweet.   As it was our 22nd anniversary they gave us a sample of the chocolate cake and the cherry pie milkshake. Both are awesome.   The waitstaff was extremely attentive and friendly. Bootleggers will definitely become a staple for our dining dollars.
5 D-LICIOUS!  Bootleggers is in the location that was previously occupied by Praying Monk, a favorite of mine and my boyfriend's.  While we were disappointed to see Monk go, I have to say that I am overjoyed that their departure made way for Bootleggers' arrival.    My boyfriend, and a friend and I went for lunch a couple of days ago.  First of all, I like what they've done with the interior, and the service was very good.  The only change that I was not happy with was the fact that they took the big couch off of the back patio.  Oh well, too cold to sit outside right now anyway.    The following food items were ordered in my party:  chips and dip app, turkey melt, pulled pork plate, chopped brisket sandwich, green beans, cottage fries, and mac n cheese.  The only thing that wasn't amazing was the order of green beans.  They were ok, but nothing you couldn't get from the grocery store.  Their homemade chips are thin and crispy.  The dip is very good but very rich.  If you don't like goat cheese, you will not like the dip.  I had the chopped brisket sandwich, which comes with cole slaw on top.  I typically don't like slaw, so I ordered it on the side, but I loved it!  I put it on my sandwich and ate it alone, it was so tasty.  I also had a "side" of mac n cheese.  It was served in a skillet and was super hot with a layer of cheese baked on top--fantastic.  I could have just eaten that and have been full.  My boyfriend ordered the pulled pork.  It was pretty good, but that's just not my thing.  Finally, my friend ordered the turkey melt and cottage fries.  The fries were good, but the turkey melt was even better.  I usually think turkey sandwiches are a little uninspiring, but this one was definitely different.  The turkey was extremely flavorful, and combined with the melted cheese and arugula, it was a winner!    I will definitely be going back to Bootleggers sooner rather than later.  It was certainly one of the best meals I've had in Old Town in a while, and there are so many other things on the menu that I want to try!
5 Holy Cow.  This place is incredible.    My fiance and I came here last night on a double date with another Yelp Elite and her husband.  All of us loved it.  Our drinks were delicious.  The Manager even came by with samples of their Apple Pie Moonshine, which is very tasty.  The food was crazy good.  We had a bacon board as an appetizer.  That was like a dream come true.  We all had BBQ for dinner, and all of it was amazing.  I'm excited to return soon to try their Happy Hour.  YUM.
4 Stumbled across Bootleggers while wondering around Old Town on a Thursday night. They were open until 11, which was a plus since we didn't get out until around 10pm. This is a second location but I haven't tried the first.   We split a bunch of dishes with friends. I thought the smoked corn app was a bit dry, but one person really liked it. It had a nice char and hot sauce, but wasn't too spicy. Crispy rock shrimp and cheddar grits was recommended by the waitress and everyone thought it was very good. I was hoping the smoked chicken wings would be more of a dry rub but they're definitely saucy. The BBQ sampler is a must. Everything on it was delicious, even the turkey. The brisket was awesome. We had a side of mac and cheese that was ok - if it was thicker I would have been happier.  They have a nice sized patio with a great fire place.
5 Great service..... Very quick and good knowledge on the menu.  Really good food, the nacho flat and the rock shrimp and grits were both very tasty. Would come back and tell a friend.
5 This place is truly phenomenal. From the service to the amazing food this place is by far and away a hidden gem in Scottsdale. I'm not sure I've ever tasted anything as delicious as the moonshine. Smoked brisket is fantastic as well!
5 Went to Bootleggers in Scottsdale last night with a group of six and had a wonderful experience. We arrived a little early and sat down at the bar where we were greeted by Jonathan the bartender. Although I wasn't a person that likes moonshine he did give a little orientation but I ordered my wine. My husband mentioned the beer he liked and Jonathan made a recommendation and gave him a sample of something he liked. He asked us if it was our first time there and we said yes. A co-worker had recommended the restaurant and also a few dishes to try. He said if this was a group that wouldn't mind sharing he gave a list of his favorites. When the others in the party arrived we stayed at the bar and interacted with Jonathan. One friend tried the Catdaddy Old fashioned which was really good (his coming from a wine drinker). Since we were already a half an hour past our reservation we decided we better go to our table.  We ended up being seated in the bar area and yes, Jonathan was our server also. He came to the table and placed the order eye had discussed at the bar. We started with the carnitas nachos and the bacon board. The bacon board had five kinds of bacon and three different sauces. Who doesn't love bacon? This was fabulous. For the family style main meal we ordered the BBQ sampler, kale salad, mac & cheese, asparagus and green beans. This was one of the best meals I've had out in a long time.  To finish off the meal we had the Puerto Rican egg nog, this drink was soooo good and I want to know how they made it. The fresh nutmeg capped off a perfect drink. The group all agreed that we would return again.
3 Bacon Board was great - truly - one of the best I've had  There's a couple reasons I'm not giving more stars on this one 1.) the fact that I had the pulled pork sandwich and it wasn't even pulled 2.) the lack of quality sauces and finally 3.) Atmosphere is so / so - sit in the bar sections for sure - other room is too cut off from any of the action taking place.   However one of the people in our group said the Brisket was legit and the service was friendly enough - so it's ur call on this one - can't give it a full recommendation but if you do happen to visit make sure to partake in the Bacon Board.
5 Amazing decor, great service, excellent bar service. Ask for Robert, this bartender is exceptional! While trying to please my wife he invented an amazing jalapeño drink -- she loved it. Excellent, will return frequently.   FYI- I'f Robert is around the interim name of the jalapeño drink is "Fire House 602".
4 Had the pulled pork and I gotta say that I was positively suprised, large portions, nice taste and nice interior... So if you like BBQ this is well worth a visit and notably attractive pricing
5 APPLE PIE MOONSHINE- I'm not even exaggerating when I say this is the best drink I've ever had in my life!  It tastes like apple pie without any of the cruel alcoholic regret you feel from any normal cocktail. I'm not a drink connoisseur but I love drinks that taste fruity & awesome without a strong alcoholic taste and this is it. Apparently they use everclear as a base which is why it reminds me of jungle juice in college. A strong ass drink with amazing fruity flavor without the alcoholic taste?!? Ugh sooo amazing. And plus it's only $5 for the apple pie moonshine? Ugh I'm coming back tomorrow night. My bf and I are around for a staycation and we're both set on coming back all weekend because of this drink. We got a flight to try the apple pie, blackberry and one other but that last one was so damn strong $I can't remember the name.  Blackberry was just as tasty as apple pie but I love the taste of apple pie better.   Amazing service. I think his name was Rob(?) but he was so helpful and gave us some awesome recommendations. I'm glad he helped us avoid the super strong selections since my boyfriend and I had already been drinking before we walked in.   The only complaint we'd have is that they didn't have the apple pie moonshine to buy to take home :( my sister in California would love this and I'm sad I couldn't take this home to let her try it.
2 We were looking forward to some bar b que ribs tonight. However, after seating us and ordering drinks, they tell us there are no ribs tonight. What kind of bbq place doesn't have ribs?  Next, we order fries- oops! Sorry, they don't have those tonight either.  Really?!  We ordered the bbq sampler, which included 2 ribs and so we asked how would that order be handled. We were told the chef would substitute the ribs to his preference. Really?! How about our preference or giving us some options? I had to point that out before we were offered some options.  Finally, the two stars are for the food, which turned out to be pretty good. Nothing spectacular, but still good.
3 What kind of BBQ place has no cornbread on the menu? Then we were told they were out of ribs....then told they were out of fries. By the time our food came, we almost forgot what we ordered because of all the substitutions. The pulled pork was good; however, it was barely room temperature. Would have been much better if it was actually hot. Nice atmosphere and our waitress was very friendly. I'd like to go back to try some of their moonshine drinks.
5 Bacon lovers unite! Even their chocolate cake has bacon!  And the "Bacon Board" appetizer is heaven!   I wanted to try everything on the menu: drinks, appetizers, sandwiches, entrees, sides, desserts . . . but oh heck, I couldn't . . . so here's what I tried the first time around (it will not be my last time here . . . guarantee!)  House Made Apple Pie Moonshine - tastes like apple pie, definitely Bathtub Gin Cocktail - Oh, my! Cucumbers, lemon and gin! Bacon Board - 5 kinds of bacon with sweet onion jam, red pepper jam & mustard PBLT - 10 hr smoked pork belly, lettuce tomatoe and aioli Grilled Cauliflower Steak - melted cheedar and whiskey onions Smashed Potatoes - Yukon gold, port salut and chives  A meal I won't soon forget.  Our server - Kaylyn - was great at making recommendations and had detailed knowledge of the drinks and menu. She said that she had tried everything on the menu - could this be true? I, for one, did not see a single thing on the menu I wouldn't try.  Next time. FULL now. Can we go back for lunch tomorrow?
5 This place has the best Pulled Pork sandwich I have ever had. The pork was juicy, wasn't very messy and a lot of flavor. I will definitely be back!
5 We came to Bootleggers on two occasions. On a Friday night and a Sunday.   Friday night, I was really amazed by their Apple Pie Moonshine. We had their moonshine flight of 3 different flavors: apple pie, blackberry, and catdaddy. The apple pie was by far my favorite. It was warm, smelled like fresh apple pie out of the oven and tasted just like it too!   The blackberry flavor was good too. I wasn't a big fan of the catdaddy but that's because I like sweet drinks and it didn't have the fruity flavors that the other two had.  On Sunday, I had their delicious Bootlegger burger: pretzel bread bun, oozing with muenster cheese, slab bacon. Cheese was literally oozing out of the burger; check out the photo. I'm also a really big fan of pretzel bread. It was awesome. Oh and their homemade potato chips were really good; perfectly salty and crunchy.  My girlfriend had their pulled pork; it came with tortillas and coleslaw. The pork by itself was very tender and sweet. When you put those three ingredients together, it was a very very tasty medley. But I liked my Bootlegger burger better.  Quick note about the service: it was excellent! The bartender and our waitress both knew what to recommend for drinks and for eats. And they were very friendly. My water glass was never empty even after we paid our bill.
5 Excellent! Stumbled across this restaurant while walking in Scottsdale and it was awesome. Very nice atmosphere, great food and the service was amazing. The waiter was hilarious and brought smiles to us all! We recomend it to anyone who is planning to visit Scottsdale!!!
4 Went here tonite at the suggestion of friends and after viewing menu and reviews on yelp. Was very pleased with St Louis style ribs, Shreiner's (sp) sausage and AMAZED at fried coleslaw !!!  Disappointed with corn appetizer which looked awesome in photos here but tasted so frozen-corn-ish. Blueberry Bramble cocktail was perfect as was Trace 75 cocktail from the bar. Wanted to try the moonshine but we've had it elsewhere so decided to pass. It's a very fun addition to the list of libations tho. We will definitely be back!
3 First, the brisket was excellent! Cooked perfectly and tasted great. However, the sides that came with the brisket were mediocre at best. The coleslaw only had an onion flavor and the tortilla was just strange to be a part of that entree.   The service was a bit slow and the orange metal chairs were not very comfortable. I would probably come back again, but I would have to get different sides to go with my brisket.
4 Good BBQ place, definitely give the Apple Pie Moonshine a shot.
3 First walking into the restaurant it is a very nice place with a good ambience. We sat down looked at the cocktail menu for a bit and decided on some cocktails. I had the Catdaddy old fashioned. It's a pretty decent old fashioned a little different then what I'm used to drinking. But none the less a decent cocktail. We then ordered a bacon board for the table. Talk about amazing, surely was the highlight of the meal. The pork belly and the apple wood smoked bacon are amazing. And the con fiet pork belly just melts in your mouth. For my entree I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I always say you can really judge a BBQ place by there pulled pork. And when it came to the table it wasn't exactly what I was used to. I was just hoping for some pulled pork some slaw and a bun. It came slathered already in BBQ sauce. So I really couldn't taste the smoked flavor I was hoping to taste from what the menu says is a 14 hour smoked pork shoulder. I'm not saying it was a bad sandwich. I just prefer getting a pulled pork sandwich and adding BBQ sauce as I like or none at all if it's that good of a flavor in a meat. Which a pulled pork smoked for that long should already have enough amazing flavor it shouldn't need sauce. After the entree we ordered some cobbler. The cobbler is really good I recommend that as well. I'd probably return to the restaurant again. But not for the BBQ. I'd probably try some other appetizers and get that cobbler again. I just prefer more of a competition style BBQ where I can taste the flavor of the smoke in the meat.
5 Food here is very yummy, but it was the House Made Apple Pie Moonshine that was amazing! Very friendly servers who were excellent at describing items on the menu. This is a nice place to relax, enjoy your time, and sip on great moonshine.
4 Bootleggers Scottsdale is the place to eat. We had a party of 6- an not one of us could find 1 bad thing to say. The Bacon Board appetizer was very tasty. We had a variety of main dishes including the pulled pork sandwich, and BBQ Sampler (which 3 people could share). The meats were so flavorful and melted in our mouth. Not saturated in sauce and the spicy links were outstanding. The Cauliflower and the Kale side dishes- I could have just eaten those and left happy! For Dessert - our waiter recommended the Cherry Vanilla milkshake and I was not disappointed, YUMMY and not real heavy- Perfect.  The whole atmosphere was very casual, not too loud. The service was outstanding!! Our waiter was Jeremy and he was always recommending a drink, dish or dessert item- he was never off the mark- The drink (Apple Pie Moonshine)-WOW- started the experience off with a bang! Jeremy was very attentive- but not smothering, checked back often and did not appear to want to rush us out- even though it was Saturday night and they were busy. He was friendly and fun- but didn't go overboard. I will definitely be back with more friends.
4 Found this on yelp and went there the other night..awesome.. started with the bacon board think i felt an artery clog but it was worth it for this all types of different jams and smokes on the bacon.  Tried the turkey leg delicious flavor with a reddish meat from the smoke.  Then when we couldnt fit the dessert they gave a free sample of the aplle pie moonshine.. taste exactly like apple pie with no hint of liquor..deliciously dangerous
3 When we first arrived here, I thought this place would be a 5 star experience. Their bacon board and apple pie moonshine is out of this world.  After we had the bacon board, my husband and I took our server's suggestion and ordered their short ribs, which our server said were phenomenal. The short ribs come with fried coleslaw and we asked the server if we could sub asparagus and not get the fried coleslaw. So, the short ribs and asparagus come out. The short ribs were tough, small, and didn't have much flavor.  Then, when our bill came we were charged the full amount of the short ribs and coleslaw, and an additional $4 for our asparagus, which clearly shows that it's $4 on it's own. So, why did we have to pay full price to sub them and then not get a side that was supposed to come with our meal? So, we basically paid full price to not receive a side, and paid an extra four dollars for asparagus that would have been $4 regardless if it was subbed or not.   We also experienced some issues splitting our bill and my husband and I were charged $30 more than we were supposed to be, even after telling our server that some of the items on our receipt weren't ours before she swiped our card. We were still overcharged and had to cancel one tab, but still be recharged for the other.  This place started out a wonderful experience but it seemed to get worse and worse as the night when on.  I will definitely go back, but only for the bacon board and moonshine, not the entrees.
1 Came here for a friends birthday celebration, I dont even know where to begin. Yes, the bacon board is the tits; other than that this place can seriously S a D. The service was terrible (and by this I mean the server; the bussers were attentive) the drinks overpriced and not even good. The list can actually go on as to how much this place sucked and how I will never come back here. Its actually quite unfortunate because their patio is really nice, somewhere a good meal would be greatly enjoyed.
3 SO-so experience.   After reading all the reviews about the bacon board, we ordered it. A huge tray of bacon being delivered to your table is impressive. BUT the actual bacon was not what everyone says it is. My boyfriend and I agreed if we come back we won't order it again. My boyfriend ordered the brisket (their signature item) and said it was "Eh".  The nacho flat was BOMB as was the mac n cheese.   The service IS terribly slow (the restaurant was NOT busy, we were one of two tables our waitress was serving) for no apparent reason. That's not necessarily a bad thing if you're not in a hurry.
5 My pulled pork sandwich was great.  They smoke their meat every AM so it's always fresh and tasty.  Bootleggers has one of the best craft beer selections on tap in town.
5 I loved this place! I absolutely love smoked meat and bbq though. We had the Bacon Board which is amazing if you love bacon, the confit is my favorite and the jalpeno is also very good, it even reminded me of being a kid and eating slim jims! I also had the Roosevelt which was quite tasty!  For our meal we had the BBQ Program, everything was super tender and delicious. I found the hot links to be a bit spicy but they were still good. The Turkey was my favorite and the brisket was a close second. For our sides we had the Cottage Fries with Cheese and they were super delicious, really high quality potatoes.  We also had the Mac and Cheese which was delicious and really rich.  The service was great, our server was really friendly and helpful with making recommendations.
3 Great food, insanely SLOW service!  I went here on a Sunday night with three of my friends and we were one of maybe five tables in the entire restaurant.  It took them about 20 minutes to get our drinks, another 10 to take our order, and we didn't get our food until about an hour and 20 minutes after arriving.  Luckily, we had a lot to talk about and weren't in a rush, but the inattentiveness of our server was a little ridiculous.  The food really was fantastic, but they should try to keep things moving a little faster.
5 Ordered the Short Ribs with a side of Smashed Potatoes. It was exceptional. Bring friends and share the Bacon Platter. Lots of specialty cocktails and beers on tap. Lots of bar seating and patio dining.if you have room for dessert, order the peach cobbler.
5 Ali made a perfect Old Fashion, so good. Service was good, food was delicious. A little pricey for a regular place to hang out. But I will definitely recommend it.
2 We ordered ribs to go and when we went to pick them up the staff didn't even acknowledge me. Took about 10 mins before they actually brought over my food - which they didn't even ask if I was there to pick up food. The ribs weren't amazing. Felt like they were made from a neighbor's backyard. Was hoping that they would be fall off the bone kind of ribs but they were definitely not.
3 Parking for this place on a weekend night is no easy task and the service is super slow but it's a good BBQ place. Casual and very affordable. Kind of loud so don't go here intending to have any real serious conversations.
5 Best BBQ  I've ever had. Everyone got something different and loved it. I would recommend ordering the sampler so you can try everything. If you love bacon, the bacon board appetizer is a must. We will definitely come back whenever we're in town!
5 The best happy hour tacos! They won at the taco festival in Scottsdale. They not only have a great menu but also a cool vibe. You have got to check it out! Go in and ask for Larry, he will take great care of you. Enjoy!
3 Tried this place for the first time and was a little disappointed. Not many good BBQ places in Scottsdale unfortunately. I ordered a coffee, but they don't carry sugar. Only sweet and low and stevia. Got the brisket nachos for app and they were good. Nice portions of brisket and guac. For dinner, I got the PBLT sandwich (new times award winner). The bread was soaked in butter, but the actual meat was good. Very rich sandy. My date got the kale salad. Drenched in dressing and had to send it back. Not that impressed. Service was excellent. Very attentive server and manager.
4 Went to Bootleggers for the first time last night and had a pretty good experience which is reflective of four stars.  First the good: - Food was excellent! My girlfriend and I shared the pulled pork with coleslaw and both were great. The meat was tender and not overly saucy, just the way I like it. Our other plate was the Cobb Kale which was really good too. They give you two sides of salad dressing to help drown out the raw kale taste which can be overpowering if you're not use to kale. Could use a bit more massaging on the kale to give it a softer feel but overall solid.   The Bad: - So annoying but customer service. We arrived and saw plenty of tables open but yet there was a 10-15 minute wait? Don't mind the wait but when there's open tables?! Come on guys, this is basic 101 stuff of running a restaurant. We ended up sitting at the bar and it was a bit of a struggle to get a drink and order, almost like the bar tender was doing us a favor for taking our order. We didn't complain or anything but we notice stuff like this. And we were not the only customer being treated like this.   Summary: Worth going for the food and hope you get good service. We'll try it again but with all the new restaurants coming up in Old Town, it might get kicked to the back of the list.
4 Neat atmosphere, came for happy hour after a Giants Spring training game. Food was good (nacho flat and Asian spicy wings), drinks were a little weak. Still a nice place to try out.
4 My husband loves BBQ so we had to give it a try. We had reservations at 7 and were seated right away. Our server was great! She recommended the Bacon Board which was devoured by all except me ( I gave it up for lent). Nachos were also very good. There was 5 of us, each having different entrees and sides. We ordered the BLT, pulled pork sandwich, brisket sandwich and chicken, very generous portions and served hot. Food was delicious too. My 50/50 potato salad was good, Mac & cheese was good too. I would definitely recommend Bootleggers.
1 Just went here for lunch on a Saturday. There were only a couple of other people here, so maybe everyone else has realized the kind of place that bootleggers really is. First of all, we ordered the barbecue sampler for two. It cost $32 and took about 14 hours to arrive (they aren't kidding about smoking their meat for 10-14 hours). When it did finally arrive, the meal was pretty bad. Nothing stood out, and the meat was very fatty. In addition, the sausages were quite honestly cold. It was our worst eating experience on our trip to Arizona by a lot. We waited for an extremely long time for our check to come, and we were finally able to leave the restaurant. There are many other good places to eat around here. Don't waste your time.
4 BACON BOARD...a definite must have when visiting. I am a bacon fanatic so once I saw that I was sold. Didn't get an opportunity to try any other food, but I will be back to try it out for sure. I tried the apple pie moonshine that they're supposed to be known for, it was pretty good definitely sweeter than expected, they have other types of moonshine and signature cocktails made with the different moonshine, so needless to say I will be back to try them all. Haha
4 Bootleggers is an interesting take on the classic American comfort food of BBQ, in that they're trying to fancy up a cuisine that's known more for licking fingers and swigging beer than fancy tablecloths. The place came highly recommended by my sister--who's no BBQ aficionado, but certainly knows good food when she sees it. They're conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale, so they're a perfect place to stop and load up on the calories to fuel your shopping spree. I ordered my set standard of the combo plate so I could taste all of Bootleggers smoked meats.  BBQ Sampler:  Sides- The Sampler plate comes with Coleslaw and Tortillas; nothing really special here as both seemed pretty standard to me. I would've preferred they add one more side to the meal, but whatever. 3*  Meats:  Brisket- This was by far my favorite meat here at Bootleggers; excellent smoky flavor and I liked the rub they use. My only critique is it was a bit dry. 4.5*  St. Louis Ribs- These were also excellent; great smoke that didn't overpower the pork and they were super juicy. Unfortunately, the rub was a bit too salty for my taste. 4*  Pulled Pork- Juicy, Porky and a great rub. I didn't really get much smoke from it, though--I think they had too much BBQ Sauce on there and it kinda overpowered it for me. 4*  Schreiner's Hot Links- I was happy to see Bootleggers makes their own Hot Links; that's pretty rare these days. I thought they were pretty good, but I would've liked more spice to them. 3.5*  Turkey- Good rendition of Smoked Turkey that wasn't overly dried-out and had a nice smoky flavor that didn't over power that Turkey flavor we all crave. 3.5*  Service & Ambiance- Service was pretty good; our waitress was very friendly and the food came out quickly, but I think she kinda forgot about us there for a bit towards the end. Bootleggers pulls off the whole fancy BBQ thing fairly well as the place is really nice without being overly cloying. There is still a bit of a rustic ambiance to it, and I highly recommend sitting on the patio by their fabulous smoker--I love the smell of smoked meat in the morning. 3.5*-Service/4.5*-Ambiance  Value- I think the BBQ Sampler is actually a very good value at $32--it's more than enough food for two people and $16/head is pretty good for a BBQ place. 4*  I liked Bootleggers quite a bit; my only qualm is I wish they would serve their BBQ Sauce on the side instead of pre-slathering all their meat for you. I like my Q East Texas-Style: dry rub only and sauce on side. Also, I think this would be one of the few BBQ spots that could pull off a romantic Date Night--just saying. If you're in the Old Town Scottsdale area and are hankering for some good Q, then Bootleggers is the place for you.
5 I can't comment on the food since I haven't eaten here but I love the cocktails.  The apple pie moonshine is delish!  I dream about I. I also enjoyed the moonshine sampler. All the drinks I have tried have been amazing.
3 The food is very good.  Best Beef brisket i have ever had.  The drinks and beer list are great.  However the wait for food is excruciatingly slow.  The attitude we received from what appeared to be a manager when we asked for a food item that was not delivered with the rest of the parties meal, was really unacceptable.  Poor guy didn't eat for 15 minutes after the rest of us received our meal, and we got a lot of lip when we asked about it.  Additionally, the happy hour is just smaller portions of the appetizer plates for less money.  So if you get the nacho flat at happy hour, it's less $$ but served on a tiny plate. less than half the normal size.  So you get what you pay for but don't try selling HH appetizers as a special deal. Selling the same size for a reduced price is a happy hour deal, what you are doing is just a rip off.  I"m a local, so fool me once... but i won't be back to this location -Shea has a better vibe.  Too many great places around downtown to put up with this attitude.
3 I always go to the Bootleggers on Shea and the brisket is my families favorite and is consistently awesome! We have had it many times and have only been disappointed one time when the kitchen had run out and we had to order something else.  Tonight i decided to take a group to the old town location, never been there before and can tell you will never go back.  The chef definitely needs to train at the Shea location - today sauce was on everything, even the brisket - very disappointing.
5 We came on a Friday night with a group of 9. We grabbed a drink at the bar and waited for a table on the patio. It was a beautiful night and the patio was perfect, tables were spaced well so it wasn't loud at all. The service was excellent. Everyone was very attentive and Jeremy our server was phenomenal; attentive and split all the checks without trouble. Our table shared the bacon board which is quite the presentation. My boyfriend and I shared the BBQ sampler which was awesome! All of the meats were excellent, my favorite was the turkey and the pulled pork. Ambiance was so cute, we will definitely come back!
5 I really can't say enough about our experience here...start to finish, it was 10/10 on all fronts!  I wanted to have a birthday dinner with a bunch of friends, but I made the mistake of waiting until Saturday  morning to make a reservation for Saturday night. woops. Fortunately, Bootleggers was able to accommodate my original request for a group of 10 on the patio--which is gorgeous. I called a few hours later and upped the res to 12...no problemo. As is common with big groups, not everyone RSVP'ed to me and we ended up being a group of 16. Still, they made it work without a hitch or sigh.  Having worked in the industry myself, I know how it can be to serve a big group that grows even bigger, and everyone was talking over each other and going nuts half the time. Our server handled it like a champ!  The food was awesome -- everyone had good things to say about their chosen dishes, including my vegetarian friends who ordered a bunch of the veggie side dishes and really loved them. I personally ordered the wedge with chicken added and it was great. from other plates I tried the pulled pork mac and cheese, burger, cauliflower side, potatoes and probably some other stuff.   All of that being said, the best part of the night was the guy who made my birthday dinner extra special by bringing out a round of apple cinnamon moonshine and a banana bread pudding for me. As we were leaving, we found out he was the owner of the place! Super cool guy. He came out to take a group photo for us and even thought to bring up the lighting on the patio beforehand to make sure we got a good photo. It was really thoughtful of him on both accounts.   We will definitely be back!
4 I went to Bootleggers with my family for my family bday dinner. We sat on their patio and it was very nice out there, cool, quiet, and simply (but attractively) decorated with sunflowers on the tables. We had a party of 8 and they handled the party well. I got to try many items, some were great, some were mediocre, but overall it was good. Here is the rundown:  For a drink I got the hemingway daiquiri...it was very fresh and tasty. I thought it was a bit overpriced, but at least it tasted good.   For food I got to try:  Bacon plate - really good - lots of different types of bacon with some delicious mustard and roasted red peppers. My problem with it was the waiter didn't explain the dish...we didn't know which bacon was which...that's not cool.   Bootlegger burger - ehhh not as good as I would hope considering the components. It lacked a lot of flavor when you would think it'd be great (it has cheese, bacon, whiskey onions, etc...sounds great, wasn't so great). I think they should put some bbq on this burger and it would be greatly improved.   Pulled pork - delicious! so tender, tasty, great bbq sauce. It tasted especially good in the house made tortillas.   Ribs- not so good. These would be good if cooked a bit longer, but they were tough and stuck to the bone....not what you're looking for in a good rib and difficult to eat.   smashed potatoes- these things were great, very cheesy tasting and savory.   Grilled cauliflower steak - this was very good...covered in cheese and onions, I could have this for a meal.   Mac and cheese- good, but run of the mill, nothing too special.   Asparagus- nicely charred and tasted good with the lemon zest.    Unfortunately, they didn't have their bacon cake (which was kind of the reason I wanted to go here), but overall the restaurant was good. I would give them another try in the future.
5 Great place to eat BBQ when you are in Old Town Scottsdale.  Get the BBQ Express.  I had the Hot Links and Pulled Pork delicious.  What a great find a real jewel in the desert.  I will definitely be back.
4 Pretty good BBQ but the one thing you must get no matter what if you come here is the bacon board. The has at least 6 different types of bacon you can sample and every one of them is delicious. I wouldn't make the trip for the BBQ but just might for that bacon board again. Service was better than average.
4 Looks like they have an awesome food menu. I just come for the drinks.  Fantastic late night bartenders / super friendly and knowledgable - they really take pride in their craft cocktail presentation. Seriously - this place can satisfy the most high maintenance of bitches. I love the patio and the overall ambience if the place - seems like a lot of service industry people favor the place and that's always a good sign. Best Moscow mule in town.... hope they replace their copper mugs that were stolen soon - hate drinking those out of glasses. Keep up the great work guys!
4 Hard to rate this one. The bacon board was excellent except but the entrees weren't so good. Why use a smoker if you are going to cover the meat in bbq sauce that tastes like ketchup?  Drinks were good and they had a good selection of craft brews from Four Peaks, SanTan, Papago and others. Our server was excellent and got one of our entrees comped when it was messed up. Could have been 3 stars because of the poor bbq sauce but the service made it 4 stars.
5 Apple moonshine was really good! The other ones made me want to gag.  Bacon platter is huge and I liked the different jams it came with.   Good service.   Need to come back here to try the other stuff.
4 The Bacon Board was excellent with a number of thick and thin sliced bacons served with two kinds of relish, melted cheese on toast and whole-grain mustard. The 1/2 slab of ribs were great. The meat was tasty and fell right off the bone.   A sample of the Apple Pie Moonshine was brought over by the bartender. It was a bit sweet and did, indeed, taste like a slice of apple pie. I could easily see how some people would love this concoction.  Service was excellent and prices were reasonable.
3 I never understand why the "bad" reviews are always the ones "not recommended." Hopefully this one makes the cut. I'd like to give them both less and more stars.  First time I had bootleggers was at the Saturday farmers market next door. I tried the samples of the tacos, man got a pound of the brisket. It was great. The brisket was phenomenal. It was diced instead of strips, delicious. We went again, I just got a side of Mac and green beans and again he got the brisket. We were going to call on but were already out the door and live down the street, so I said let's order when we get there. Terrible terrible idea. It was after the lunch hour but before dinner, probably around 3 or 4. We waited for our food for an hour. No exaggeration there. The man who seems to run the bar, maybe the whole place, didn't seem very sympathetic. After about 40 minutes I made a casual "so how's that good doing remark?" To which we received a "yeh it's coming." Oh...okay. After another few minutes he decided he would poor us some water, and have us a taste of the moonshine (which is quite good.) He made some sort of comment about it being okay that we were waiting so long because I got to try their moonshine for free. Thank you for your generosity... Anyways, got the food took it home. Green beans were okay, the fried onion I believe with it was stale, however the Mac was freaking awesome. The brisket was two tiny slices, some coleslaw was fluff and a few tortillas (why I will never know.) Overall we really enjoyed the food, not the weight time or the portions though.  Got the food again tonight. Again we ordered out, using the online menu. Once I was set on fries chicken (after ordering at arrogant butcher and them being out of fried chicken two weeks ago) I was so excited. He didn't communicate very well that they didn't have that, and we must be looking at a menu for the other location. Okay, I was set on that so nothing else sounded good. Just stuck with the Mac, man got the brisket again and pulled pork. Today there were about five or six slices of brisket. I'm sorry what? You gave us two measly slices last time and six this time?! The flavor of both meats were great. Strangely the tortillas were really good today too. But let me tell you, the Mac is disgusting. That's so disappointing! I HATE restaurants that do not have consistency. So now I'm stuck with no dinner except tortilla and coleslaw and a few bites of the meat. So disappointing.  This place has the potential for great food. But be consistent for gods sake. And work on your service. Everyone is nice but the customer doesn't appear to be a priority, news flash, we don't enjoy long wait times. I've never dined in house, and I'm scared to.   Seems like a place you go to drink, not eat, even though the food is the real show piece. Not sure the next time I'll go now.
3 Service was not great. Kept having to remind the waitress to bring items. They were out of tri-tip even though we are dinner at 6pm. The servings were smaller than expected. My toddler and I both ordered a grilled cheese and the adult grilled cheese was the exact same as the childrens meal grilled cheese. Also we did a sampler of the moon shine and it was all disgusting.  When we made reservation we mentioned it was my mother in laws 60 birthday and they didn't even acknowledge it during our dinner.
3 Good, but a bit pricey. Rock shrimp appetizer with cheddar grits was $14, and it was tiny. Short ribs were $22 with no side. It was very tender and full of flavor, but for that price, it should include fries.  We added cottage fries for $6.  The smoked turkey leg was $18 and came with coleslaw and tortilla.  Turkey was like something you get at the fair, but the coleslaw had no flavor.  The blueberry peach cobbler was amazing, but should be for $9.  I think they baked it when we ordered it, because it took a while to come out.  The food was pretty good, but they should add sides for the price.  The BBQ Program menu comes with sides, but the entrees come with nothing.
5 My husband and I just returned from dinner at bootleggers & it was awesome! The brisket is one of the best we have ever tried, we even took an order to go! Highly recommend that as well as the apple moonshine. Our server, Marcus, was knowledgable and courteous. He deserves a raise ;) Thank you for a great experience and we will return.
3 My boyfriend and I went last night. We each got an entree and a drink and split the apple pie moonshine. We sat on the patio which was really nice, really cute decorations. The service was great. Our server was always there when we wanted but wasn't always interrupting us. The moonshine was really good, super smooth with no bite at all. (We couldn't decide whether that was a positive or negative.) The food was okay. I got the pulled pork and it was pretty dry. I had to ask for extra BBQ sauce. The coleslaw was terrible. I don't think it had any sauce on it at all. My boyfriends chicken was pretty good, but really small and didn't have much meat on it. Overall a decent experience. I would go back, but not to eat.
5 Can't say one negative thing about this place. The boyfriend and I stopped in for a happy hour/lunch around 3:30 pm and were immediately greeted by the bartender/server. He probably had the best personality and attitude I have ever come across while dining out. He answered every questions and offered suggestions and did not hesitate to supply samples of the moonshine and beer.   Upon sampling the apple pie moonshine, my taste buds went into overload; it was incredible! yet a bit on the sweet side for me, but the bartender easily fixed this by mixing in some of the original moonshine. They offer a great variety of beers on tap as well.  I ordered the brisket taco and pork belly taco, each $3 on the happy hour menu, and my boyfriend had the smoked turkey breast. The smoked turkey breast was delicious, but we would both recommend trying the BBQ at this place. The smell alone outside the establishment will get your mouth watering. The meat on the tacos was extremely tender and flavorful; melt-in-your-mouth quality. The coleslaw was also extremely fresh, crunchy, and packed great flavor.  The restaurant has a great atmosphere and the decor is upscale industrial  steampunk/western. I will definitely be returning and highly recommend this place to anyone who loves and appreciates true BBQ and a good drink!
3 I really wanted to love this place.  The rebuild from the Praying Monk was pretty minimal but they did a great job, love the structure above the bar.  The environment was awesome, the rest not so much.  I split a burger and the mac & cheese with my girlfriend.  The mac & cheese was very bland and the burger was way too salty.  The burger came out about 20 minutes before the mac & cheese so we were totally done eating while waiting for the rest of the order.  The server was great and apologized for the wait and comped our mac & cheese, not her fault.     On a side note but probably the thing that stands out in my mind the most - the metal chairs in the dining room are the most uncomfortable things I've ever sat on!   Good thing I'm not a bigger guy or I wouldn't have fit in them at all.  We almost asked for a booth upon being seated but figured we'd deal with it, bad idea.  If you go, do yourself a favor and don't sit in these horrible chairs.
5 Only drink the moonshine if you are ready for a serious kick! Woah! Now I know why they made that during prohibition. We started the dinner with a flight of moonshine and our palettes were immediately cleansed for a meal! It's really fun to order though, so you should do it.  I really enjoy this restaurant. I like the location, the atmosphere and especially the food and cocktail selection!   I will start with the cocktails. Besides the moonshine, they have an extensive craft cocktail menu and every drink that I've tried is delicious. I especially like the Uptown Fiz with Leopold's gin, fresh squeezed lemon juice, Arizona honey syrup, egg white, walnut bitters and rosemary. It's a refreshing cocktail and perfect for the hot summer weather.   As for the food, Bootleggers certainly knows how to whip up some extremely tasty BBQ. To start, the crispy rock shrimp and cheddar grits is an amazing appetizer. I gobbled up several bites and could have eaten the whole dish all by myself! The grits were an interesting twist to basic rock shrimp and the rock shrimp had a BBQ twist. I have also enjoyed the bacon board during a visit and really liked it! Only get it if you like bacon (obviously!) but if you do like bacon then this board is for you! They have every type on this board and it's accompanied with pickles, mustard and toasts. For my entree, I have enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and love, love, loved it. The flavor of the meat was smoky and sweet and the whole sandwich was too good not to consume quickly. I'm by no means a BBQ connoisseur but I can say that this BBQ stands out from many other spots in the Valley.   Call ahead and make a reservation, especially if you plan on eating there on a weekend evening during spring.
1 I was hoping for a great experience but that was not to be. The service was painfully slow, the menu is limited, happy hour food specials are also limited, and the decor is bland. Once our food arrived, the pork belly sliders were good. Try not to sit in the orange chairs - they are miserable!
5 Had lunch here yesterday and LOVED it. All 4 of us loved everything. Cobb salad was amazing!!!!!  Highly recommend for lunch and can't wait to have brunch and dinner soon. Gotta give it a try. Nothing to possibly complain about here
5 Have now been to bootleggers twice and I will continue to go back. The food is amazing and same with the service. Tried the Apple Pie moonshine, which is their house moonshine, and it's prob the best drink I've ever had. Love the menu and BBQ choices. The ribs on the dinner menu are amazing and the grilled cheese add pulled pork for lunch was awesome. Will def come back and will recommend this place to anyone!
3 My friends and I have had a chance to eat through the entire menu. If 3.5 stars were available, I'd surely award that many to Bootleggers.   Bootleggers would have done a heckuva lot better had they NOT included some rather large chunks of fat in their pulled pork servings. On the other hand, their brisket presents well, nice smoke ring and good bark on the outside. I'm still confused by the warm tortillas served with the pulled pork. That said, both these meats are somewhat bland with no sauce offered to flavor things up   The Bacon Board is a nice hook and a pleasant appetizer. But, the REAL reason to eat at Bootleggers is their St Louis-style ribs. Succulent, moist and meat-falling-off-the-bone good, these ribs present well with a discernible smoke ring and real nice rub. They compete favorable with Bobby-Q and Pork On A Fork. The Apple Pie Moonshine deserves an honorable mention.  The service for our visits was excellent and the prices were reasonable.
2 I was really looking forward to dinning at Bootleggers as I've heard nothing but good things about their food so we decided to head over a few weeks ago for dinner. There was 3 of us dinning this night so it was nice to get another person's thoughts as well.  My boyfriend and I decided to split the burger (cooked med) and share a larger side of the mac and cheese. Our friend got the bbq pork sandwich and a small side of mac and cheese. We waited about 25/30 minutes for our food but to our surprise only our burger and bbq sandwiches came out...with homemade chips on the side....Ok...where was our mac and cheese. I guess they forgot to make it so they were making it now but wanted to bring out the burger and sandwich so we could start eating. The chips were very good so it tied me over...our burger...cooked well...UGH and the bbq was nothing to write home about. While eating I noticed that several other tables ordered mac and cheese as well and they all got theirs but not us yet...There were only 5 tables that had people at them so it wasn't crowded by any means. We had finished our entire meal and still waited over 20 minutes for the mac and cheese which was a bit of a let down. The server was very good at letting us know that it was coming and she was sorry for the delay (as it wasn't her fault the kitchen took so long) so I don't fault her at all.   The did comp the mac and cheese off our the bill so that was a nice gesture but I was really disappointed with pretty much everything. I had such high hopes for the place. I don't think I'll be back as I really have had better food.
1 We had  party of 6 people Friday July 4th and it wasn't crowded by any means. We got sat and our drinks cam out reasonably fast. We had 3 Salmon plates that were ordered, 1 salad, 1 pulled pork and I had 2 appetizers. All the salmons came under cooked and one FROZEN!! They took those back and said they'd re-do them. Then the pulled pork sanwhich came out with no bun and no side (never ended up getting the side for the rest of the meal, the bun came out about 20 mins later). The salad was okay and so were my apps but what a cluster F of a meal. For a pretty high pice $24 for a salmon dish I expect it to come out with perfection, to have ALL 3 messed up you definitely wonder who is running the back of house. I'd never go bck. 2nd visit there for another person in our party and the same things happened to them on their first visit. Definitely would not recommend to  waste your money  or your time.
1 The food is actually great and we were really looking forward to having the bacon board on the 4th of July, but we sat and sat at the bar while the bartender tended to his glasses. It wasn't busy and it was around 12:30pm and we couldn't understand why he couldn't ask us if we needed anything or even acknowledge our existence. We decided to leave and were quite shocked with the poor service. Won't go back to that one, but will to the one on Shea. At least there they are nice and say hello!
5 First time to bootleggers and it has blown me away. Larry our bartender was phenomenal and incredibly hospitable. The apple pie moonshine was by far the best I've ever had!  The pulled pork sandwich was divine and cooked to perfection. BBQ can sometimes be salty but Bootleggers has done it right. It was tantalizingly tasteful without being drowned in sauce. A true testament to smoked meat at its best.   I highly recommend bootleggers.. Especially on a lazy afternoon if Larry's bar-tending!
5 Get the bacon platter and you won't be disappointed. Seriously ignore the cost and just buy it because the presentation alone is mouthwatering. Five different bacons with different jams to help enhance the taste.   Been to this one and their other loc, both great. PBR is $2 and their cocktails are fantastic. This time with the bacon platter I also got the turkey leg with the oven roasted cauliflower. Very delicious and great atmosphere, this is one of my favorite  places to take my friends out for some great BBQ and drinks.
