3 I bought a cannoli pastry to take away.  Mmmm I could say I was bowled over. it was tasty but nothing like wow. the pasty just seemed old, and the the cream seemed not real.  was it old?  I don't know.  but I've had better from other pastry shops here in Edinburgh.  The service was friendly, so it hasn't put me off coming here again.  But it won't be for a pastry ;)
4 Being a Glasgow boy I should be ashamed that the first Nardinis that I entered was in Edinburgh but I'm not, it is a very nice cafe.  On my quest to find the perfect coffee in Bruntsfield mixed with the idea of having to eat another meal deal sandwich, I decided to venture over to Nardinis.  Upon entering Nardinis it strikes you as a very modern twist on the classic American diner look. Red leather couches, high chairs with a window bar and chrome/glass fronted cabinets with a lovely array of cakes, ice cream and sandwiches to try.  I opted for a large coffee with a fruit scone. The latte itself was almost pint sized and rather good if l do say so myself. The scone was just as good although I will say that I'd have preferred clotted cream to butter, but that is a personal mumble as opposed to a problem with the cafe itself.  The feel of the place is very relaxed with soft jazz music playing in the background. The staff are very friendly and always have a smile on their face which is something that means a lot. Especially in an area with an abundance of coffee shops making the competition exceptionally tough.  My lunch cost me just under £5 which might seem a little pricey for a coffee and scone but considering my glass is a mini tankard, I don't feel justified to grumble.  I can't comment on the ice cream as I never tried it but thankfully other great Yelpers have!
4 I'm always on the lookout for a reason to go out. So, when the last Monday of my university career came round, I felt this needed celebrating. And what better way than with an ice cream sundae (to be honest, I was a bit excited by the sunny weather during the day and forgot that, by the time I got home after uni, it wouldn't be ice-cream-kind-of-weather anymore).   Nardini's is fairly new (opened last year) and I hadn't actually noticed it tucked away on the corner until recently.   First and foremost, it does ice cream sundaes (and lots of them). The choice is quite overwhelming, and to the untrained eye a lot of them look to be much the same. The sundaes aren't too cheap either, coming in at around 6 to 8 quid each.   But it's not all about ice cream. This place does savoury food too (my sister had a panini) and there's coffee and cakes. In fact, it's quite refreshing to have a place in Edinburgh that's open till 10pm to just have a coffee in.   I had a raspberry snowball sundae, which was basically vanilla and raspberry ripple ice cream with fresh raspberries and something similar to mini Tunnock's snowballs on top. And loads of wafers and cream. All this, complete with a glittery little stick decoration thing - well and truly bringing a bit of pizzazz to Bruntsfield on what was a chilly Monday night.   Service was friendly and quick, and - oh my word - the toilets were lovely. It might sound a bit weird, but I always judge a place by the toilets. And these ones, well, let's just say there was hand creme by the sinks.   I'll be back.
