1 This is the worst food in Arizona. My g.f. And I went there to fulfill a craving for Chinese food. Only one car in the parking lot. First clue. Pu Pu platter was well portioned but soaked in grease! Everything we tried tasted like grease. Egg roll grease soaked through two napkins, the placemat, and a 3 inch diameter around the egg roll. YIKES!!!! Ordered the house chicken and orange chicken. Both entrees were flavorless and greasy. Lots of food but horrible flavor. It was the most disgusting meal I have ever eaten. Sadly this experience cost me $26 because I couldn't bare to argue over how bad the food is. Paid - left- went to costco for a hotdog. Sadly the hotdog seemed gourmet after my bad "fortune".
4 My hubby and I just happened onto this place today and we loved it!  I had the lemon chicken and he had curried beef.  The lunches were $5.25 each and included soup, egg rolls and crab puffs, as well as fried rice.  I ha the egg drop soup and it was delicious, made with a light touch, not that salty canned chicken soup base.  Likewise the lemon chicken, first time I ever thought the sauce was not overly sweet.  My hubby had similar compliments on his meal.  The only reason I gave it four stars was because we did not care for the fried rice or the iced tea.  I was shocked that the place was largely empty at lunch time.  Go there! The food is great, and the prices are beyond reasonable, and it's a sit down place, no icky, picked over buffet.
4 This place was call Yu's when it opened. If you want to read the reviews look them up. I believe this place sold a year ago as there was new people at that time. The menu has not changed and the food seems to still be prepared fresh and with quality ingredients. One order will feed two people easy. We usually just get one meal and split it unless we want something in the refrigerator to eat during the week.The lady that is behind the  counter is super nice and helpful. We eat there a couple times a month and when people are in town we always take them there once during their stay. This is a local owned business and they do a great job. If you are in for Chinese give them a try.
4 Love the food and you can't beat the customer service.
