5 This location is new and I absolutely love it!  Location, staff, clear cameras, clean play areas and furniture, they got it all.  There is also a free evaluation for your little one on the first visit.  Because this place is so new, there are not as many dogs as the Las Vegas location.  However, my little girl had a good time because the handlers there are so interactive.  I can see on the cam on my app, how much attention the handlers give her.  They pet her, give out commands, and she follows.  When we brought her home, she went to find her bed and plopped on it.  After the evaluation, we quickly booked her overnight stay for St. Paddy's Weekend.  Because the little one play hard, I made sure the staff document my request.  The staff prints out the overnight campers card and jot down the amount of food to give Dolce, how many times a day, how she should rest for 20 minutes after 45 minutes of play.  They are very detailed and accepted my little girl with kindness.  When Earl and I went to go pick her up, we even requested for a tour of the camp.  There is a room for tiny dogs, a play area for small dogs, another for medium dogs, and a bigger play area for large dogs.  Those areas also have another part that dogs are allowed to go outside for some VITA D.  We definitely feel not so guilty for leaving our baby here.  She is well taken care of.
5 We won a free bath at the Bark in the Park which included an orientation day as a first time guest. For Orientation, you can drop your dog off any time, for a minimum of 3 hours, so they can see how your dog interacts with other dogs, if he/she tries to escape, is nervous, etc.  The facility is a bit tricky to find off Gibson and Wigwam, but it's in a huge facility!   My dog returned from orientation/day camp and was so exhausted. Being a year and 4 months, he definitely needs that so I was happy to see that. It is true that they recently opened so not many dogs there to play every day, but as time progresses, I'm sure they'll start showing up more and more.  We just did our first boarding there, and while on vacation, I was able to watch my little buddy from the app they created.  It shows the check in desk, the little dog room, and all the big play areas both indoors and out.  They require a quick release collar, not the buckle ones, for safety reasons. They do have some loaners to use while your dog is there.  I picked my dog up from his 3 night camp adventure and he immediately fell asleep on the floor and slept through the night. Exhausted!  Love the staff there, extremely friendly, professional, and helpful.  I like that everything is included in boarding, not where you have to purchase day camp separately. They even give campfire treats for your furbaby. Love Camp Bow Wow!
1 DO NOT TAKE YOUR YOUR DOG HERE. They do not play with the dogs at all. Staff walks around the play area like zombies. I took three small  dogs in for their interview. They were there from 7am to 3 pm. I watched the camp camera from 11am to 3 pm and they did not interact with my dogs. At one point the girl who was walking in circles took her spray bottle and sprayed my dogs in their faces causing my dogs to run in the corner of the room. I would not recommend this Camp Bow Wow to anyone.
1 Don't go here if you have a rescue dog they don't care about the animals. My dog was there less than one hour. Of the interview process when I received a phone call come get her from what I saw the of the place any dog would be happier and safer at home
5 When i first brought my dog to camp bow wow he was shy and not so certain of other dogs . Since he has been coming  here he is more social with other dogs and loves playing with other dogs as well . I am glad that i have seen an improvement with him. i love how the staff are extremely nice , its very clean , and i love that i can check on him through the cameras . When i see him on the cameras he is having fun and playing - happy mommy here :)  He loves coming to camp and he knows when he is going he goes to where his camp bow wow bag is and nudges it - saying lets go already i want to play !! I am very happy with this place and i would say so is he !! I AM GLAD THAT HE IS A HAPPY CAMPER !
4 Stopped in to bring in our dog for the free evaluation.  I was impressed walking into the place how clean it was and the decor.  I saw up the wall monitors of the different areas so I could watch our dog once she was brought in the back.  I was hesitant leaving our dog not because I didn't feel comfortable it was just this was the first time ever leaving her.  When we got home we were able to log on to the website and view monitors and see our dog playing.  I loved that!  They also have a mobile application.  When I picked her up I was told she passed the evaluation and was given a folder with a certificate with her picture.  The owner and the staff spoke to me about our dogs experience for the day.  We are going to sign our dog up for weekly camp and will use Camp Bow Wow for boarding.  Also, the location for us to get to was very easy as it is right off the 215 and Gibson!
