2 The stalls were expensive and I was laughing at the cheek of selling Christmas trays at £5 each that pound stretcher are selling for £1!
3 This year's version of the market has some pretty solid pros and cons over last year.  Pros: The "streets" are wider so it doesn't feel as crammed with people.   There aren't as many repeats of vendors in one location (though I did notice repeats through the different markets). There is a somewhat indoor place to get a drink.   Cons: A LOT of the stuff on sale is awful.  It's terrible tack with only a slight emphasis on traditional European Christmas items.   It feels less ...I don't know... Christmassey?  Or something?  It's definitely all about the drinking this year, but some of the old favourites have gone (I looked forward to my mulled mead every year!) and they've been replaced by corporate vendors selling Drambuie or something of the sort, and they're mulling everything they can get their hands on.  I absolutely still enjoy the market, armed with mulled wine and a German sausage roll, before heading over for anything covered in melted Nutella, but I was unable to buy most of my standard edible gifts this year and was very put off by the corporate branding everywhere.
4 A fun night out, although expensive. I agree with some of the pluses mentioned by my friend Emily. Its much more spacious, less jammed in than prior years.  My German husband was pleased to find many 'real german' vendors to chat with, as well as many of his fav food and drink products.   I disgree a bit with another reviewer as  i found many cool things to buy that are similar to things I have found in similar markets in grrmany: adorable carvings of tiny critters and mushrooms, a carved moose from a tree branch, mini manger scenes, etc. The Wheel is enclosed this year and quite expensive, £8 per person. But it has  amazing views that make you so proud of our beautiful city!  Only warning: it is very easy to go through £50 in no time flat! (As we did).......
2 Not keen at all. There was more space for the walk ways but there are still areas where there are massive bottle necks where it can take an age to get through. Most of the beers can be found around town already and the cider for the mulled cider is generic stuff that is in every bar pretty much. Last year there was a thistly cross stand. Food was crazy expensive too Fish and chips for £7 ....  Only thing that appealed was Tony Singi's stall.   Side rant couldnt find anywhere selling kaiser spaetzle this year. :(
3 Expected a bit more as everyone in SCO is telling me about the Xmas market in Edinburgh. They sold mulled wine, so thats definitely a plus ;) but a lot of stands just sold (not even) cheap non-christmas related stuff. Enjoyed the food and the friendly staff at all the different booths but at the end there wasnt so much christmas atmosphere as i hoped it were.
2 My original review seems to have vanished after the organisers changed the name/moved the reviews, so here is my original review of the renovated Christmas Market in full (I have now visited the market twice, and the second time was quieter/more disappointing than the first - notably most of the 'hot apple toddy' stalls had no customers at all on the second visit):  Having enjoyed visiting the German market in previous years, I was disappointed to hear it had been replaced by a European market, and had changed hands. However I went with an open mind and... my worst fears were confirmed. All atmosphere and quirkiness has been sucked out of the market. Fancy a Schneemann Punsch or Fire Punch to warm up? You're out of luck - these stalls have been replaced by half a dozen identical 'hot apple toddy' stalls, all run by the same company, and look very commercial and branded.  The ice rink has been moved from the bottom of Princes' St gardens to a spot near the Scott Monument, creating a bottleneck where the crown grinds to a halt, and is possibly dangerous and definitely a pickpocket's paradise. Other parts of the market had few people walking around when I was there on a normally extremely busy Saturday afternoon. Ironically there was also a bottleneck in the area where the hot drinks stalls had been in previous years, presumably from people heading there expecting them to be there.  To end on a positive note, the stalls at the bottom of The Mound have been spread out slightly more than in previous years, creating more space, but all in all, it's nowhere near as good as in previous years. If it ain't broke, don't fix it!
3 This year all the markets were labeled "Edinburgh's Christmas" but some of the old faves were still at the old school end. Not as many pretty handcrafted things, but lots of options for nibbles and plenty of entertainment.
