5 This is by far the best  Authentic Mexican Food in the Las Vegas Area! Great Place! Great Staff! Great Food!  Now open one in Henderson!!!
5 Favorate Place so glad they re-opened!!! and On my side of town!!!  Best Margaritas in town!!!!!!   and food is awsome. favorate ceviche, and tacos de camarones, or diabla... oh and the  rellanos are the best too. never have have a bad meal. Leno is  the best!!!!
5 Been excited ever since we found out they were re-opening. Didn't think it ead possible but the food and service evrn better.  Still have the full menu of all my favs!
5 So great to see Viva Mercado's is back in action.  The new place in the village square in Summerlin is a perfect location with ample parking, a movie theater close by, and plenty of shopping.    The restaurant has a great vibe to it with an open dining room split into two sections and a good sized bar separated just enough from the dining area.  The atmosphere is a perfect blend of privacy without feeling too detached from the crowd.  The decor is a good mix of traditional Mexican flare and a modern sophisticated feel. Unlike some other Mexican places I've been the entertainment level of mariachi doesn't overpower the room or your table conversation.  The menu has all the traditional fare that I remember from the old location and the prices for the food are definitely reasonable.  The bar is stocked with plenty of tequila choices and margaritas (I'm partial to the Cadillac with Don Julio on the rocks with salt).  The chips, beans, and salsa they provide to the table hit the spot to start the meal.  The chips are always fresh and the salsa is a tomato based that isn't too chunky and just enough spice. If you are looking for a little starter the guacamole is a good addition to the chips and so is the queso fundido. The fideo soup has a great broth to pasta ratio and comes to the table piping hot.  I'm a big fan of the cheese enchiladas and Chile rellenos because they are expertly crafted, just enough sauce and cheese.  The rellenos batter is delicious.  You can't go wrong with the carnitas or Chile Colorado too.  One of the best parts of the experience is the staff. Even though they just reopened the staff is well trained and ready even when its packed.  Everyone was friendly from the host station to the server.  They all made sure the glasses stayed full and the chips and salsa were never empty, even if they weren't assigned to our table.  Overall kudos to viva for: 1. Reopening (missed you guys) 2. Great location with good layout and decor 3.  Awesome food and reasonable prices 4. Deep bar selection and well crafted cocktails 5. Well trained and super friendly staff  I live in Henderson but will gladly make the drive anytime I need my Mexican fix.
4 We've been waiting for Bobby to reopen his restaurant since they closed. I'm glad they are open again and we can enjoy some of the finest Mexican food in Vegas!  They've only been open a week and you can tell they're working a few links out, but for the most part, they are back up to speed with the old place. I highly recommend you check this place out if you are looking for honest, straightforward Mexican cuisine with fresh ingredients!
5 So happy that Viva Mercado's is back!!! Went this past Saturday and it was awesome! The service was excellent and food amazing! I'm glad that the quality is still there and I really enjoyed the new location. Welcome back!
4 Food is much better than the previous mexican restaurant that was here. Quantity of food is great, prices fair. There was one guy in our entire section trying to order took quite awhile and we had to flag someone down. Getting refills and our check was just as equally hard. They certainly need to hire more help overall we would come back.
5 Apparently my earlier review of Viva Mercado's was associated with their old location on Yelp.  So it's pasted here too.  Cliffs Notes: it's amazing.  --------------------------------  I promise that you will not find better Mexican food in Las Vegas than at Viva Mercado's.  (Though you'll find MANY more expensive and pretentious Mexican places.)  They start you off right with an amazing free bean dip, along with your choice from a list of very good salsas.  They also give you a suprisingly flavorful cup of tomato soup with most entrees.  The entrees I've gotten have all been hot, fresh, delicious, and large.  And the service is great.  If you're visiting Las Vegas, it's worth getting access to a car just so you can eat here.
5 My husband and I were ecstatic (no understatement) when we found they'd reopened!  I feel like we're coming home when we're greeted with a smile, handshake, and a heartfelt "welcome back!".  The service is great and the food is even better than before!  No other Mexican restaurant can compare to my experience at Viva Mercados.
1 I was told this place has excellent Mexican food, but they were mistaken. To start my experience, my fiancé ordered a coke and received a Pepsi. The server never mentioned they only had Pepsi products. Oh and my other friend ordered a water and received a Pepsi. They brought us some sort of soup before the meal which tasted a lot like a can of microwave noodle soup. Not impressed. When I got my beef enchilada the meat was actually cooked wonderfully, however, it was accompanied by the most horrendous beans I've ever tasted. I was just not impressed with this place at all.
5 Very good Mexican food, everyone at my table enjoyed their dish, the service is also excellent. Manuel is one of the best waiters there, he treated us like family , will for sure go back!
5 best mexican food in vegas I love this place and i love the new location with the decor food is excellent and service was great can't wait to come back i had the cheese enchiladas and husband had carne asada and pollo asada soft tacos. bean dip is great and food is very flavorful
4 Not gonna lie, was not a fan of the former location at Rainbow/Spring Mtn because of service issues.  The reopened spot at Sahara/Ft Apache does a good job of delivering on service, atmosphere, and flavor.  Not the best Mexican food, but they do a solid job of making tasty dishes.  Before the meal they offer complimentary chips/beans/salsa.  The chips could use some help; they taste like a bag of grocery store chips; definitely not made fresh in house.  They offer additional salsa flavors for $2.5 each, but we just stuck to the original.  I opted for the chile relleno and he had the rajas con crema with chicken.  Both were good.  Before the meal we tried the queso, which proved to be quite a challenge to eat.  The cheese was stringy and greasy, not like a dip.    The atmosphere is cute, contemporary, and very clean.
1 Slow service... Bartender got in an argument  with a guest about warm beer glasses, margarita was watery and took forever to come out. Guacamole tasted like it had mayo in it... Bring back Chinita!
5 I travel to Vegas for business regularly, and my favorite stop for Mexican food is Viva Mercardos.  Note that the current address listed here is incorrect.  The food and service is top-notch.  Make sure you get the "torridos" with your chips and salsa...both are no-charge.  Their chorizo  burrito is the best I've found...anywhere.  I do wish they would open-up a location in Orange County; but then again, I'd have to buy new (larger) clothes if they did.
5 I have eaten here twice for lunch, and have enjoyed both times.  In the past I have always rated a Mexican restaurant by their chili relleno - is it greasy from too much oil, is the cheese totally melted inside, is the batter crisp and covering all of the chili or is it sloughing off, and is the sauce flavorful with a touch if spice - and Viva Mercado's met my expectations with one if the best chilis rellenos I have had!  Service was good both times, and they will make your margarita to order - Sauza Commeritivo and Cointreau on the rocks, sin sal!  Que bueno!  Their sliced, grilled jalapeños and onions are a delight; you cut them up and add to whatever you want, as much or little as your preference. My second lunch I was able to speak at length with Victor, Bobby's brother, and we reviewed restaurants past, such as Viva Zapata's on Tropicana and Maryland - yes, I was born here - does anyone else remember El Cholo on Fifth Street - I mean Las Vegas Blvd South?  And their carne asada tacos were very good as well.  However the great draw for me is their veggie tamale!  I came to love green corn tamales in Phoenix, at Manuel's on 32nd and Indian School, and until Viva Mercado's opened they were not to be found.  I have died and gone to Heaven!  In addition, their beans are flavorful and not runny, their quacamole is very good with the jalapeños and onions to add for more heat, their salsa and chips are fresh and the latter not greasy either time I was there.    And even better - nopales!  Their interior decor is lovely, the ambiance and noise level is great, and I am taking our daughter and granddaughters there on Saturday.  Life is good.
5 Loved it! Tried it out for the first time and were so pleasantly surprised! Started with a refreshing mojito, followed by their complimentary salsa and bean dip. I ordered the fish tacos and my boyfriend got the chicken steak skillet. The fish tacos were so goood!! Fish was flaky and tasty. The flour tortillas were out of this world and all the toppings brought the entire package to the next level. Their guacamole was fresh and tasty. My boyfriend skillet was seared with tequila table side, mini show :), the meat was tender, juicy and flavorful. They also had live music by a very talented gentleman, makes for a great atmosphere. Would highly recommend this place for a night out. It's a little on the fancy side, but then again it's in Summerlin, so it should be. Service was great! Our waiter Miguel was super friendly and attentive.
3 Overall food was good. Ordered 3 item combo. Was really disappointed with the Chicken Tamale. Inside masa was kinda icy cold, chicken was dry, very little sauce, masa edges dry and tough. Kind of like they microwaved frozen tamales? I took two small bites & left the rest.  A good waiter should ask if anything was wrong with food upon seeing barely eaten tamale? I will eat here again but won't ever order Tamales here again.  Service was mediocre. We were seated quickly as place was near empty but had to ask for utensils. Long wait for food. Rest of food was good & worth 4 stars but because of the Tamales & service a 3 star at most. I
5 Viva Mercado's has it all!! AMAZING FOOD! and lots of it...friendly service, very fair pricing, family dining, everything I've ordered in my 4 visits has been absolutely delicious!!
2 I want to say that I kept an open mind. The atmosphere is very comfy and warm. We wanted to give Viva Mercados another chance as we ate there a few years back and the quality was not good. My experience is this... the ceviche is wonderful but the salsa is very watered down and the beans are not fresh. The fideo soup was good. I ordered a corona light and it took a long time to get it, lets say our entrees came out first. My husbands drink was mountain dew and they refilled it 3 times with water. I never like ice tea nor water as most people don't know it sits. The A grade was not visible,  very questionable about temps and cleanliness. Me and my husband ordered fajitas and they were overdone and not sizzling and worse is that the meat was very chewy and our rice was not hot. We got a new one remade that was better with more broth and it came out sizzling this time but the rice was not hot again. The albondiga soup I took home was not good. The albondigas fell apart and it looked like minestrone soup, I threw it away. Now, the churros are excellent!!! I work in the F & B industry and I hate sending food back but as a paying customer I was disappointed and have a right. I personally feel it is overpriced for the dining experience.
4 This place never ceases to amaze - they always pay attention to the little details that can take an all right meal and turn it into something awesome. Last night I brought in a party of 20-25 people and they took amazing care of us - although there was some confusion when it came down to breaking up the checks - a word to the wise; if you have a big party make sure everyone brings some cash or you will have a headache. I've had the pleasure of trying out a couple of their steak dishes now - each one has been absolutely delicious. Cooked perfectly, with just the right balance of salty, spicy, and juicy. I will definitely be back again and again.
4 An excellent choice for quick traditional Mexican in a relaxed "cantina" atmosphere.  Viva Mercado's used to be open on Rainbow, but has moved to the shopping center where 808 Tapas, Bachi Burger, and Buldogis is located. It is actually deeper into the shopping center located next to a coffee shop and a few boutique clothing stores.  I dined here with a co-worker during a slow afternoon around 2 PM.   Chips are served to each table with salsa AND bean dip, yum! Choices my friends, I love choices. As for my meal, I selected the chicken burrito that comes with rice, beans, and pico de gallo. My co-worker was paying for the meal, so I didn't want to get too spendy. He ordered the carne asada torta, which looked great and he said was awesome.  My chicken burrito was excellent with moist chicken inside and a red sauce on top with melted cheese. What I really enjoyed about it was that it was not MASSIVELY HUGE. Nor was the amount of beans and rice on my plate. I think in a time when people are just eating way too much food I applaud restaurants that are willing to NOT slop massive amounts of side dishes on plates OR create such huge burritos no one in their right mind would sit at a table at eat it all at once.  Service was a bit slow. Our drinks were refilled, but we waited quite awhile for the check. Our server disappeared from the restaurant floor for about 10-12 minutes and we had to wave down the busser to get him to come out and bring our check.  Overall if I were in the area again and wanted Mexican I would definitely come back.
5 Great for happy hour special drinks (3 dollar drafts!) with some wonderful appetizers before a movie.
3 Stopped in for a quick bite before catching a movie. Being a Saturday night, we were worried that we wouldn't be able to get in before our movie time. We were seated as soon as we walked in. The menu here is huge! I have to be honest, I was a little overwhelmed with how many choices there were. We both placed our order and I swear five minutes later, the food was at the table.   Both of us ordered the one item combination plates. My wife had the chicken enchilada and I had the carne asada burrito. Combination plates come with your standard fare, rice, re-fried beans and a tiny salad. One thing that wasn't standard, at least not to my knowledge, was the bowl of fideo soup that accompanies your meal. All of the side were good. I especially liked that the beans were not greasy! The burrito was tasty. My only complaint if you will, was that I felt the tortilla that was used might have been a little thin. More along the lines of an enchilada rather than a burrito. The carne asada was cooked well and was flavorful.   I could see myself coming back. Preferably when I have more time to look over the menu and try something else besides a combo plate. For now, I will rate this as a three star visit. The service was good. The interior was colorful and lively. So if you are in the area, give this classic restaurant at it's new location a try!
2 This is the 3rd location for this restaurant in the less than 10 years I've lived in Las Vegas. Unfortunately, three is not a charm for what used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. At the first 2 locations, everything about the food was excellent.   Tamales-yes, my passion. This place had tamales like no one else's. They were generous in size containing big chunks of pork. Now, they're shrunken and inconsistent and the rice and beans are now bland instead of flavorful. All of this in spite of Bobby Mercado's insistence that "everything including the chef" remained the same as the previous locations. I guess the long hiatus between reopenings has caused the chef to forget how to cook.  In addition, they've gotten so much further away from my home that with the bland food, it's no longer worth making the trip.   I'm highly disappointed. Now, after all this time I have to start my search all over again. I'm starting to think there's no such thing as authentic, great-tasting Mexican food in Las Vegas, Nevada.
5 Great service, great shrimp quesadilla! So glad this place is back!
4 Very happy to have this close to home. We went Friday night had great service and great food. Chile Colorado is the best I have had. They give you lots of food at a decent price and everything we had at table was very good to excellent.   Went back for lunch Sunday and food was just as good at a decent price.   If you like Mexican food come here.   Also we noticed how nice the interior was decorated. Place looked good and was clean and open.
5 Some of the best Mexican food I have ever had! Everything we ordered was out of this world! The margaritas were AMAZING & STRONG, exactly how we asked for. The staff was wonderful and I loved the atmosphere. I especially liked their prices! $9 for an Avion margarita! Can't beat that! This is my new Mexican spot =)
3 I really liked the fact that the restaurant carries an extended menu, you could definitely find something you would like to eat. They offered complementary chips, salsa and fried beans, which were pretty good.  I ordered the enchiladas and although they were good, they were not very impressive! I was very disappointed with the margarita, I could not taste any alcohol! ::( the service was decent and the atmosphere is very nice.. Overall, not a bad place but nothing out of the ordinary
5 Love this  LV Mexican restaurant. It is great; the chile relleno are so good, I'd like to try a few other things, but since we moved from Vegas, we only get here once a year and it's the chile relleno of the gods. Also whatever my husband gets, he gets with nopales; usually it's steak and shrimp fajitas I think, and it makes him very happy. I can't wait until my next trip for the awesome margaritas and chile relleno.
5 This place was SO GOOD. we loved the seafood taquitos. The service was great. I recommend the peach margarita. I got the fish taco (so delicious), the chicken tamale (a little different since it's more open-faced but it's good!) and the beef burrito (the beef was SO GOOD. Stole the show for me.)  We pretty much decided this is our New Mexican place! I wanna come back tomorrow but I have a lot of leftovers since we ate so much!
5 I've been going to Viva Mercado since I was a kid (I'm 34 now). With that said even if it's your first time the owner Bobby Mercado (who works 24/7) will treat you like a long lost family member. The food is always great but it's the service that makes it even better.  In a city with an abundance of Mexican restaurants what makes Viva Mercado stand out is there quality of food, attention to your needs and how they genuinely care about your experience. Take a chance on Viva Mercado, you won't be disappointed.
3 Is it Almost Excellent Food and Service? Not only is the meat prepared fresh it is good juicey and flavorful. Not sitting out dried and bland. They actually cook your food well. Some dishes are not seasoned well but at least offer well cooked meat. Sauces should be made not canned. Perhaps if the menu was streamlined this could work, too many choices and offerings. Stick to a few authentic recipes and this place would rule. Even with canned sauces it was better than most. In Las Vegas however this is as good as it gets. The outside decor looks like a cheap sports bar but inside the staff is hospitable and atmosphere inviting. Pre dinner food is tasty but not better then other Mexican equivalent offerings... That being said no dry over heated meat and some fresh seasonings. Get some authentic homemade sauces that aren't purchased at the local Mexicali grocery store then we are talking. Season your own food! Don't use a can! But I'll pay for the well cooked meat and fresh garnished meals again. This is the best in the area but I know it could be better.
4 Heard good things about this place, so my lady and I decided to try it. The food was delicious, salsa was good along with the bean dip. Also had some seasoned  cooked chilies and onions... goes real good with the meal. The carnitas was flavorful and chicken enchilada was good... Definitely give this place a try, the place was clean, the staff was nice and the food was pretty good. Looking forward to try different things on there menu. They also have a small outdoor seating area, good place to chill and have a few drinks.
5 Smaller than their last place but the food is just as good.  Best Mexican food in Las Vegas!
5 The most amazing Mexican food and service on the West Coast! The Chimichanga de Mariscos, carne quesadilla, and queso fundido top our list of favoritos! Bartender Brendan, rocks! Cheers
2 Reserved the back room for a group gathering of 30-35 people.  Management was hard to work with to set up the dinner.  They wouldn't set the dinner up on a Friday or Saturday even though we we're making reservations more than two weeks in advance. On the night of the dinner we had 28 people show up. I was told that because we didn't have 30 people they were going to charge us $15 per person that didn't show up. I told them that was unacceptable and that we would take our business elsewhere in the future.  They did back down from the charges. The other issue we ran into with this location is that they wouldn't split the checks and only agreed to do a check for each table which created quite a bit of confusion for everyone in the party and for the server. The food is good at this location and our server was outstanding.  But the management's lack of customer service for a large group has made our decision to take our business to one of the other Mexican restaurants an easy one.
1 My husband and I wanted to dine but decided to just have two quick drinks at the bar when we discovered very unprofessional behavior by two bartenders. They weren't wearing name tags, they were working 04-11-14 at 8:30 PM. The two males one Caucasian and one Spanish were both drinking on the job, they were more interested in their bro talk and drinking activites than engaging and servicing the customers. Also I lost my appetite when I saw the Spanish gentleman return a customers plate to the kitchen and he seriously ate a huge piece of food off of the plate when he closed the door. Management watch these guys on video I'm sure their behavior is much worse, i was only there for twenty minutes. I would make sure they aren't stealing money too.
5 I've never been the biggest fan of Mexican food but I must say that this place was a delight. My wife and I found it using Yelp and we're definitely not disappointed. The decor was warm and inviting and the service was probably the best I've had in many many years anywhere! Our waiter was a guy named Jay and he was amazing. The entire staff worked together as a team and perhaps that's why I'm ranking the service so highly.   Realizing that it was our first visit to the restaurant they brought us a free appetizer which was delicious and very unexpected. Our drinks were constantly filled, fresh napkins brought, and even the chips and salsa refreshed before we hit the bottom of the bowl. Finally the manager whose name is Bobby Mercado stopped by and asked how we enjoyed our experience. From the manager on down everybody was delightful and genuine. The food was very good even though I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food. My wife is the expert on Mexican food and she thoroughly enjoyed her meal. My wife and I don't have to worry about dinner tonight either because the portions were large enough where we now have another meal taken care of. We will both definitely go back soon.
5 Grew up going here at their old location. When I recently visited home, I had to check their new place out!  It was still so good, and the food was even better than I remember. They also still serve the noodle soup, which is my favorite part. The new location is nice too.  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town again!
5 I am originally from El Paso, TX and am very picky when it comes to mexican food. Ive been coming here since I was a kid when they were on Jones Im 31 now so thats a long time. Anytime I go out of town I am on a search for good mexican food and hardly none ever compare to here. This place is the BEST mexican restaurant in Vegas and my family and I are here probably on a weekly basis. I normally have the combination plate with steak taco and chicken enchilada or the chicken firecrackers which are somewhat like taquitos with jalapeno in them SOOOO GOOD. My husband has had lots of different options like seafood burrito, steak taco, tamales, chicken quesadilla and hes never had a complaint. We also love the complimentary soup with dinner meals and complimentary chips salsa and bean dip they start u off with. I normally also get some of the specialty salsas like habanero and arbol. The sopapillas are very good as well! My kids also love it and ask to come here all the time. The staff is always so friendly and accomodating and are used to seeing us so much. We always make lots of alterations to our meals and they handle it with no problem. I LOVE the new location very clean and modern looking and will continue to come here as long as Im living in Vegas! If u like mexican food as much as I do this is the place to go!!
5 Great place.  The staff made us feel welcome, and the food was delicious, with generous portions. I love the soup that comes with dinner, and the margaritas did NOT disappoint. There may be too many choices for what you want, but that is not a bad thing.  I was so happy to find this place for my visit to Vegas.  So nice we went twice, in one week.
5 The food is wonderful! The service is great. We went here last month for my dad's birthday and our waiter helped a lot with the ~surprise birthday song.~ They gave him a huge sombrero to wear while we sang and it was awesome.
5 Bobby is back!!!! Food is fantastic , happy hour is the best deal in town to eat and drink!!! Happy to see the faces that make it even better than it was at Flamingo and Jones.  Don't bother with the copy cats.... Go to the real deal!!!
4 So excited that there is a Mexican restaurant in Summerlin that is not Macayo's! My friend and I ate there yesterday for the first time and both loved it! I got the chicken burrito combo plate and it was very yummy. She got the vegetarian taco and said the guac was sooo good. The service was excellent but the real draw for me is the bean dip! The old Guadalajara that used to be at Palace Station was my fave but this is even better! The only reason it does not get five stars is that the chips are just okay. But I can live with that!
5 Good food, GREAT SERVICE, descent prices. All in all 5 stars. Mr. Mercado himself was a stand out guy... Reason being, we wanted to have a good Mexican breakfast while we were in Vegas, found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. We had so much trouble getting there and when we did Mr. Mercado felt so bad that he actually offered us a ride back to our hotel, and guess what, he actually took us back to our hotel. You have to stop in and say hi to the staff as they are fabulous and super friendly, and the food is fantastic! Thanks Mr Mercado, thanks for hooking us up!
5 Also Not your run of the mill Mexican restaurant. This is a first class dining establishment. The atmosphere is new clean and contemporary. The food is fabulous and the staff is friendly. I highly recommend viva mercados to anyone. I was interested in eating lite the night I attended and that was not a problem because they had a great vegetarian section on the menu. Don't want to forget great bar and happy hour.
1 Came in to treat my wife for a Mother's Day lunch.  Unfortunately after waiting for about twenty minutes, we had the bowl of chips finished off and drinks almost empty, no one had been by to take our food order.  They weren't that busy.  We decided not to order after waiting a few minutes longer our waiter finally came by to take our order, I told him just charge us for the drinks and chips so we could go somewhere else.  We weren't charged.
1 Well.... I waited a while for my favorite restaurant to open. My first visit was bad because they forgot to place our orders and noticed everyone that came after us were getting their dishes. I just pushed that aside because they had just opened. Today I went and got a combo 2 tostadas for my son who does not eat much just been and cheese $15.95 for BEAN AND CHEESE..... I called Juan's Flaming Fajitas & Cantina and they charge $12 which I believe is still a lot but much better than $15.95 AND I could hear a Mariachi band in the back ground... I picked the wrong place to dine for Mothers Day
4 Was great !  Carnegie Asada Rellono super!!  Super fresh...great service...authentic...good portions....you will like it!
5 Sooooo let me tell y'all, I love Mexican food.  & this place def have the atmosphere for some good Mexican food. I went in here on my mother'a day for brunch with my family & immediately we got greeted & got seated in a nice comfortable booth. & wow the food menu was big & every item sounded super good so I had to order my favorite chicken fajitas & it was delicious. Also I had a strawberry mimosa. I was full within 5 mins haha food portions are def huge & filling. Appetizers are also very good. Im giving this place 5 Stars because this spot is a authentic Mexican restaurant & had great service & I had a great Time.
5 The best is back! After the closure of the previous location on Rainbow (a sad day when I drove up to an empty restaurant), management has found the will and the way to reopen in a new location. While now quite distant from the usual Vegas haunts, it's worth the trek and I hope means more locals will come to appreciate this quality dining option. This version doesn't seem to have the same seating capacity as the previous two. The decor isn't quite the same, either. But the menu, the food, the flavor and the friendly, helpful service are still top-notch.  I felt welcome from the moment I stepped in the restaurant. My drink order was taken quickly, my server kept a close eye on things - I never waited or wanted, but he also didn't hover around the table. And my glass was never empty for longer than a minute before being refilled. The food - just as good as ever! Quality and quantity make for a fine and filling repast. I had the two-item combo, and with the accompanying beans, rice and fideo soup, I came away satisfied and smiling. I will return to Viva Mercado again and again whenever I'm back in town. It's nice to know you can still find a commitment to good food and fine service from Bobby Mercado.
4 Chips,  salsa,  peppers,  onions,  beans,  Guacamole all complementary.  All no dairy or chicken broth used,  vegaterian vegan friendly.    The extra grilled jalapeño peppers are Delish.    Happy hr 3-6pm every day,  free chips and Salsa and 5$ menu  We ordered the tacos with Guacamole no cheese  on T was okay but very heavy.     Service is good. Very quick food delivery.
4 The menu is really good.  There are so many combos.  I had no idea that the place is so big.  (I was never in the other locations.)  The bar looked great, they seem to have a lot of drinks.  Tamales are very good.  They are served differently than I am used to.  The outdoor seating looks nice.  And the service is good and timely.
5 This is our 2nd time here (first time at the new location). The atmosphere and decor are very nice and the restaurant was clean. We were seated right away and immediately had someone bring us chips, salsa and beans. They were good but I prefer Coyote's chips better because they put seasoning salt on theirs. However, everything else was excellent!
1 The bowl of salsa that came out had something strange in it (I was thinking a cilantro stem or something) so I fished it out. I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa. The waiter wasn't quite sure how to handle it and couldn't find a supervisor to help him out. With our stomachs turning from the thought of wire or other "extras" that may he included we decided it was time to go. I really wanted chips and salsa too.
5 So glad to see our favorite Mexican restaurant is back! Love this place!!
5 Another Mexican restaurant? Not even close. Great menu with a lot of choices and reasonable prices considering the A+ quality. Sometimes I don't order beef at Mexican restaurants. Here I did. Tender and tasty. Only complaint. Too much food. We will be returning.
4 Great experience at Viva Mercado's in Village Square, mainly due to our waiter.  The little extras really wowed us!  In addition to the beans & salsa dips, he brought us a plate of golden, sautéed onions with jalapeños.  After our meal, we were given a dessert of tortilla-churro-style drizzled with caramel.  He made us feel really special!  Our food was very good and plentiful, with lots of leftovers for today's lunch - yay!  We'll be back!
5 What a happy hour. I always look for quality this happy hour has quality and a great price.
5 Wow, one word: awesome! My girlfriend and I were looking for a dinner place before a movie in the shopping center and happened upon this place. We left beyond impressed.  We were seated immediately, and Alfredo was our awesome waiter. They keep the free chips, salsa, and bean dip coming! We had a good pitcher of margarita, reasonably priced, and the food, including the sopa de fideo, was deeelish. My lady had a tamale, I had an enchilada and one of the best fish tacos I've ever had. I might just get a couple of them next time. The Mexican rice was good... I really have no complaints... Ok, one complaint... we sat by a fountain that kept splashing me. Minor considering the overall great experience.  We'll be back soon!
5 Great food and awesome service. Very happy they are back in business. Love the new location. Been there  5 times. The food was good and it came out fast. The servers and busers were fast and courteous. Best service ever.
5 I had a staff dinner here recently and was pleased with the friendly staff, including our humorous waiter.  The food is served very fresh.  I recommend the peppers and onions as well as the queso.  I'll be back for sure.
5 One of our top rated Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas.  I was very happy when I found out they were opening once again at this new location.  Staff has always been attentive and nice.  Salsa choices are excellent.  When I'm adventurous and try a new item from the extensive menu, it's always tasty.
5 The last three trips were even better! I want to try everything on the menu and love this place! You won't be disappointed!
4 I was craving tamales and found this place on a Yelp notification highlighting local Mexican restaurants with a great tamales selection.  Something in the highlight made this restaurant stand out.  Viva is located in a strip mall, which I will warn is towards the back corner.  We came in the wrong side of the complex and had to drive around to find it.  From the outside it looks like a fast food place, and I was quick to become reserved about my choice.  The owner greeted us when we walked in.  He actually took the menus from the hostess and seated us himself, which I thought set an excellent tone for our dining experience.  We were immediately asked for a drink selection and the margaritas (@ $7.95 a piece) were recommended.  We chose the strawberry and regular margaritas.  The strawberry was good, the regular margarita was not...don't recommend anyone try it.  :/  The inside of the restaurant doesn't match the outside at all...so don't be judgmental!  The decor is beautiful.  There is a running water feature and traditional Mexican music in the background.  The menu is extensive.  If you are craving it, they probably have it.  There is a whole page of drink options, appetizers and multiple pages of entrees.  I was disappointed in their tamales selection...there was only one and it was on their "make your own combo".  They offer a brunch menu on the weekends only.  It had a nice variety and included a small mimosa or margarita.    The back page of their menu book listed all their homemade salsas.  They offer a sampling of each for a small amount, I think it was like $2.95.    They bring chips, bean dip and salsa when you are seated.  The chips were standard quality, but fresh and crispy.  The salsa had small pieces of onion, cilantro and pepper in it.  Again not the best I've had, but it was flavorful.  The best part was the plate of grilled jalapeño peppers and onions.  They were AWESOME!  Their Fideo soup was good, but not the most flavorful I have had.  The carne asada quesadilla was very flavorful and large enough for 2 people.  It didn't come with any sides, just a dollop of sour cream and guacamole.     In summary, not a bad place at all.  I would have preferred to give 3.5 stars.  The service was good, the food was good and the atmosphere very nice.  The prices were pretty high.  Most entrees were $15.95 and up.  For the size of the margaritas I thought $7.95 was a bit much.  So just a heads up that this is a more pricer place to eat.  I heard the owner previously had the Viva location on Rainbow, which closed, so I hope this reincarnated location is more successful.
5 The place is so cute,, it's really open and you can see just about everywhere from anywhere.  The guacamole is to die for it was creamy not just chunky.  My fajitas were fresh and I like how they don't over cook the veggies like most places. They have these sauteed jalapenos that are super yum and taste like it would be perfect with a cold beer! Unfortunately I had to go back to work so the next time!   I need to come back for their happy hour!   And the bartender was pretty hot! Lol!
4 I've been searching for a totally legit sit-down Mexican spot rather than a fast-food type of establishment & I'm so glad I found it!   I love the atmosphere here, the colors are a lot of reds and oranges inside, definitely a welcoming vibe to experience good Mexican food. Service was great, all hosts, servers and bussers are very nice & accommodating. I also love that you get delicious complementary chips, salsa & refried beans as well as soup. The menu is extensive! A bit overwhelming but I suggest opting for their combos or have your server suggest a popular dish.  I loved my flautas and soft tacos! I'm not a huge Mexican foodie but I must say, Viva Mercado's has changed me. Can't wait to go back!
5 I'm glad that Viva Mercado's took another shot! My wife and I used to go to the Flamingo/Jones location at least once per month. When they moved to Rainbow/Spring Mountain, it seemed as if the quality of the food and service went downhill. We took our business to competitors like Lindo.    We gave the new location in Village Square a shot and were pleasantly surprised. Chips tasted fresh and entrees were superb. I had the carnitas fajitas and my wife had a carne asada dish. Prices were in line with the quality and portions. I actually felt the value. Thanks Viva Mercado's for not giving up on keeping great Mexican food alive in Vegas.
4 This  review is only for a to go order of tamales. Ordered a full pan of pork tamales which had 20 total. The total was 75.00 dollars. First off these are the biggest tamales I have ever seen! They are not made with masa which I happened to like because it is not as heavy or fatty. They had a great taste to them and were spicy. I didn't really like how the pork on the inside was not chopped up, it was in big chunks. The amount for the price was good mad they also gave you a lot of hot sauce both green and red and those were great.
5 Very good! The happy hour was at the bar so we watched the FIFA game and ate some delicious tacos. The bartenders were all very friendly and we chatted a bit with them. Beers were delicious! $3 on happy hour.
4 Good food,  large portions, friendly service,  and a spacious atmosphere with a decent sized bar.  Prices are moderate and the food is fresh and authentic.   Most meals come with soup, rice and beans,  and a small complimentary dessert snack is provided for the entire table.    The exterior of the restaurant is non impressive,  but don't be discouraged.   The interior is spacious and inviting.  We will definitely return!
4 The service was excellent. Our waiter was great, and always there to refill our drinks or even sneak us a delicious fried tortilla dessert. The food was good, but needed just a little more seasoning for me. I will definitely go back again considering I've gone to all their locations since I was a child! So glad they are back!
4 This establishment used to be an institution on Jones and Flamingo. They have changed locations a couple of times since then and now are located in Village Square on the NWC of Sahara and Fort Apache.
5 Came in for dinner. Our server was Luis. I frequently done out and it has been a long time since I've had the type of service that Luis provided. I haven't yet mentioned that the food was outstanding. The carne asada fajitas were absolutely amazing. This place is a must try.
