5 My lashes are beautiful. I love that people notice my eyes but don't know it's my lashes. The person was professional and talked me through the whole process. I have Recommended Le Lash to all my friends.
5 I was in town for a wedding and need my lashes done. The young woman who owns the Business came to me. That's big points in my book. She was very sweet and did an amazing job! I wish we lived my town. I would definitely recommend her. Great prices and very professional. My eyelashes looked so full and beautiful! She was so helpful and told me a few good restaurants to eat at to. I'm hopping she dose gift card as I would like to get one for my friend (the bride) as a birthday gift. I'll be going back to her when I'm back AZ!
5 Taylor is great! She's always willing to work a time out to set up an appt that will work best for me and she's the sweetest person! I moved here from Salt Lake City Utah and have been to 3 other places that were very pricey. So glad I found Le Lash, the prices are so affordable compared to other places in Scottsdale. I would definitely recommend Taylor to get beautiful lashes!
4 Had a great appointment with Miss Taylor. She is very nice and did a great job applying the lashes. I would have liked a hand out on the care and maintenance of the lashes but I think that Taylor is going to work on putting one together.  Overall my friend and I had a great experience; we were super excited to get it done and were not disappointed at the end. We both now have beautiful, luxurious lashes and recommend it to anyone looking to get this done!
5 If I could give her more stars I would give her ten! She is so good and the price is way to good to be true! Taylor is so sweet and nice. She always makes time for me to get my lashes done! I come to town for Business an every time I do she works me in! I would definitely recommend her for your lashes!
5 I recently just moved to the area and have been having the hardest time finding a great place to get my lashes done. Luckily I have found Le' Lash! Taylor is so great. She takes the time to really counsel you on the process and different looks of the lashes and the appointments are quick and easy. After I left my appointment I had several people comment on how great and natural they looked. I have already recommended Taylor to several other people and Le Lash has become my go to for my lashes.
5 We are so excited to welcome Taylor to our home at Heidi Boutique!  From the first time Taylor did my own lashes...I knew she was a true gem. Friendly, professional, creative and knowledgable---not to mention the most beautiful lashes Ive had...and look so real! Stop by or call her for an appointment! You will love your lashes! xo Heidi
