5 I work in the same area and was really getting tired of the food around here and along came SNS! They serve breakfast (awesome eggs Benedict) and lunch. Everything is fresh and cooked/smoked daily from the bacon to the pastrami. Since they are brand new, sometimes they run out of a few items, but I'd rather that, then get some old freezer burned stuff they try to pass of as "fresh" like some places do.Their bbq pork sandwich is out of this world good, I get mine with a side of their macaroni and cheese (yum!) and  all of my co-workers unanimously name the brisket as their go-to item.  If you are in the mood for really good bbq then seriously, give them a try!
5 I work in North Las Vegas, and used to frequent the McDonalds at Cheyenne and Losee.  On my way from there to work, after breakfast, I would see this place and decided to try it one morning.  They are extremely friendly...  And, the food is DAMN good.  I was there for breakfast this morning...  A tasty omelet with smoked-on-site pork belly.  It was so good, and I had heard so much about their BBQ, I had to give lunch a try.  Went back for lunch...  A BBQ rib tip sandwich with handmade slaw and spicy Carolina mustard.  Having a brother that competes in BBQ competitions, I'm always critical of other peoples BBQ.  SNS has some EXCELLENT BBQ!  Whether you're interested in breakfast or lunch, this place is definitely worth a try.  Keep up the good work, Mike!!!
5 I wanted to give these guys a few months to get the kinks worked out before reviewing it (opening a restaurant is never easy, and there were some stumbles) - now I can safely give it 5 stars. Its not in the best location as far as visibility  (you need to know where to look), but the food is absolutely outstanding. Now every time I stop by I end up with a great meal. Strong coffee, good breakfast, and amazing bbq all of which is made fresh or they wont serve it. Owner is a nice guy and frequently comes out to check how everyone is doing.   I just cant say enough about the place. Needs to be on "diners drive ins and dives".
5 Been looking for a new low key BBQ place ever since Hogs Heaven closed down a while back. Man have I ever found it! Got a big glass of excellent sweet tea as soon as we sat down (and I grew up on it in Alabama) and had our food out in less than 5 minutes at around 12:30pm. Awesome service, great food. We will definitely be going back! Keep it up Mike!
5 Great food and great people. You wouldn't know this place was there unless you were looking for it. Give it a try, you won't regret it! Oh and the sweet iced tea is perfectly made!
5 If I had only one word to describe this place...WOW!!! This is definitely a hidden gem. The food is fantastic and service is top-notch.
5 Don't miss out on this sleeper!  The food is fresh and the BBQ is some of the best in town. Even though you are stuffed after you eat you would be cheating yourself if you didn't try the cobbler.
5 This place was amazing. We went in and they were closing up at around 4 as they serve from 7 am until 4. Instead of saying they were closed they sat us down and served us with open arms. the food was amazing, everything is homemade except for the fries... but who would want fries when you have homemade mac n cheese, baked beans, potato salad.. anyway we tried the brisket sandwich and the turkey sandwich. The brisket was cooked perfect with a great rub and the most amazing homemade BBQ sauce to ad. The turkey sandwich was topped with fresh cut smoked turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing. It came with a side of homemade gravy that was as close to Crack as I could imagine... I would bathe in it. The buns for the sandwiches were great as well. The sandwiches came with a side and we chose potato salad. It was darn good and reminded me of homemade family picnic salad. We also tried two side hot link which were amazing and about 10 inches long a piece. You could get it separate or with a bun and peppers and onions.  I highly recommend this place as the owner Mike really puts his heart into making this amazing food.  We met the other cook and she was funny and had passion about the product. Celeste was our server and she made the experience that much better. She really enjoyed working there and she was a great person to talk to. This place is a one of a kind place that is lost in today's business world where the food and conversation bring a feeling of home and do it with a level of care that reflects in the food.
5 Excellent BBQ and exceptional service! Celeste was very friendly and treated us just like family!! We will be back to try more! We had the ribs, briskett, and pulled pork.....YUM!!!
5 We just moved to town. This place is a BBQ hole in the wall. When they care more about the food than the esthetics of the diner, you know it's good. It reminds me of the BBQ place Francis loves to eat in House of Cards. Cobler is great too. Iced tea is not watered down like some places.
5 Mike the owner is as upfront and honest as you get. On top of that the food is FIRE! Had the BBQ beef ribs, chicken, and beans. Everything was on point. New shop and mike sincerely asked how he could do better, that's how your supposed to do it! Kudos to you mike I'll be back for more.
