5 Only days after opening and Desnudo is already serving up better Mexican eats than others that have been around forever. I love me some carnitas ($6). Ever since an old favorite remodeled, cut back on quality and raised their prices, I've been left to make it at home. The tacos here are great. I prefer them with guacamole to avocado so I ordered the guacamole and chips ($5) to start. This is some damn good guacamole. Tastes like it was made tableside, just without the fuss. It was great to top the carnitas, it makes them really special. The pork has great flavor and the pulled pieces are tender and the fat is crisp. My only nitpick is some pieces were a bit larger so they fell out between bites. My brother joined me for lunch and he tried the California burrito ($6.50). It's a monster. He was unable to finish it, but really enjoyed it. Fortunately, Desnudo is near work, I see it becoming a favorite lunch spot.
5 Not even a week old and already impressing me sooo much!!!!  So the name is pretty catchy n fun but let me tell you this gentlemen takes REAL Mexican food cooking pretty serious. You can choose to go to your nearest Del taco if you want those fake Mexican crunchy tacos (hey their not bad) but if you want a real taco with fresh ingredients, good flavor and authentic Mexican sazon then you will be in heaven at Desnudo tacos!!! Or should i say in Mexican folklore heaven, in deed they have the nicest small dinning area filled with dia de los muertos art. I say indigenous meets rock n roll kinda feeling!!! Their menu is simple but full of flavor just like your typical taqueria (tortas,tacos,burritos etc) but with a sort of flavor injection to everything they serve!   We will for sure be returning to try their soups, aguas and tortas.. For now we are beyond satisfied with our tacos de tinga, verde rice and cali  burrito.. The flavor of this place is super sabroso and I applaud them for being unique and traditional. I must say probably the best Mexican food in Las Vegas, now go before they end up with lines so long you will hate to stand in them!!
5 awesome tacos, and awesome service! stoked on this place!
4 Walked into the bar first and almost left, too small and smoky of course. Fortunately Desnudo is next door and smoke free.  Small menu but a great food and a great deal for the prices.  Had ceviche, flank steak tacos, fish taco, and chicken taco.  Every item was delicious.  Ceviche seasoned perfectly, steak tacos melt in your mouth, not chewy.  2 cons: No salsa and chips when you're seated.  And the two salsas that arrive with food are tasty but no spice.  They may have some tapatio or cholula in the back but I didn't ask.  Next time I will.  Great service.
4 This here is some good Mexican food.  It's interesting and surprising; not your average taco shop.  Some examples of the pleasantries experienced here:  - Pozole Rojo...Very tasty and the surprise here is that I'm pretty damn sure there is organ meat up in this soup.  Like maybe some kidneys or liver?  My only complaint is that it wasn't hot enough temperature wise.  However, we did come right after they opened, so maybe it just wasn't heated through yet.  - Cali burrito...ohhh, how I miss these from my San Diego days.  And no one in Vegas seems to get them quite right.  Desnudo is no exception, unfortunately.  A good Cali burrito has French fries in it, not potatoes!  But the carne is deliciously seasoned.  - Hongos Taco...mushroom are my love.  And the mushrooms in this taco were meaty and hearty and tasty.  A little spicy sauce wraps it all up into one hell of a taco.  - Chivo Taco...it's freaking goat meat.  I've never had goat meat, but it ended up being my favorite thing of all.  It tastes very similar to lamb, and boy is it tasty on this taco.  Add a little of their smoky red sauce and you got the winner winner chicken dinner (or should I say goat dinner) here!  Most definitely visiting this place again.  There were many more items on their menu that I wanted to try, but was too full to do so!
5 If you want authentic, this is pretty damn close! Who would have thought goat could taste so good. It is a laid back atmosphere with very nice people to serve you and help you. I will be back soon and often.
5 Well done! I enjoyed my lunch here yesterday so much! The carnitas and the goat taco were my favorites! The side of beans is absolutely worth ordering. I couldn't finish them but I was able to take them home for a snack and I am so glad I did. This is a great addition to the selection of ethnic food in the city. Clearly,the quality of the food is the first priority. Thank you for a wonderful experience.
5 I finally had the pleasure of dining here after hearing such great reviews from friends, Yelp, and local articles, and I have to say that Desnudo Tacos truly lived up to the expectations.  Residing right next to Naked City Pizza, in the same building as Moon Doggies, the restaurant sits in a great location for locals and tourists alike, especially for those who may be visiting the Palms or the Rio. A few of the items we ordered we're the guacamole with house made chips, a couple of tacos absolutely stuffed with delicious, flavor-filled pork and chorizo, and for my girlfriend, the Cali burrito.  The drink I was promptly delivered was a house-blended horchata, which I have to say was the best I have tasted, with just the perfect amount of cinnamon and sweetness without over doing it.  I definitely recommend ordering anything you get as a combo, since the hefty sides of Mexican rice and beans were some of the best I have tasted.  Even the habanero-garlic green salsa brought out to accompany the guac was exploding with flavor and just the right amount of spice to make you want to finish the entire thing before the main course arrived, but making you struggle to hold off so you can add some to your tacos, torta, or burrito that you may have ordered.  Although I'm sure the incredibly personable and friendly staff would be more than happy to bring plenty more out to satisfy your sudden craving.   Every dish and side at this comfortable, amped-up taco shop has so much detail and care in te preparation, with everything being made in house and hand-crafted, that you will assuredly want to go back the next day, if not for dinner or a late-night feast, to try something else on their authentic menu.   Chef Christian Dollas of CutThroat Culinary truly lives of to his local fame and potential, and I can't wait to see what he does next, whether it be one of his pop-up dinners or any of the up-coming new items at DT, switching it up every other day with another house-made salsa or an incredible brunch menu on the weekend.  Needless to say, I will definitely be back soon, with any friends or family who are craving not just tacos, but delicious, affordable cuisine.
4 We were going to Naked City Pizza for my son's 18th birthday.  Since they are located in the bar we ate inside Desnudo Tacos and let me tell you when I saw the menu I had to try it.  The Fideo soup was by far the best I have ever had.  I got chicken and cheese tacos and were able to sample the beans, rice and pork.  The service was outstanding.  WE WILL BE BACK!!!
5 Made it to Desnudo Tacos today and we were not let down. It has been getting great reviews since it opened and it is well deserved. We ordered the Hongos Tacos, the mushroom are amazing and  some of the spicy sauce turns it into a five star taco. The Chivo Taco...it's  goat meat what can I say, If its on the menu i need to order it.  .  Add a little of their amazing red sauce and you have the best thing you have ever tasted. We also did some guacamole and it was also very well done, not the cheap over mixed stuff you get in other places.  What is nice is that Desnudos keeps its vegetarian items separate from the meat items, that is nice that they take the time to consider there vegetarian customers. We will definitely be back and try all of the other items on the menu. Next on my list is the Chilaquilas!
4 I have enjoyed the Desnudo Taco Nights inside of Moon Doggies before the restaurant opened up next door.  I am so happy I can now have their delicious tacos any night of the week!  We ordered the California Burrito, Chips and Salsa, Sauteed Vegetables, and a side of beans.   While everything we ordered that day was fantastic, the sauteed veggies were INCREDIBLE! Definitely choose the vegetables over the beans.
5 Mmm...this place is worth the drive. We got the Cali burrito, steak tacos and a side of chips and mango habanero salsa. They have a lot of specials too. Good quality and excellent service. We will be back for more!
3 So decided to check this place out from all the great reviews and I have to be honest I'm not a fan. Being Mexican I'm always looking for new spots to try so let's start with the guacamole. Great but not the best and the chips were super hard. I had a tacos one carnitas another chicken. The chicken was great but the tortilla they serve the taco in is huge! I was thinking they were more like street tacos.. Carnitas was good but they over cooked the pork. I also didn't like that you paid extra for rice and beans as sides! Hello this should already be included. For the price I would of rather went to tacos el gordo...
2 Not impressed. So many good reviews too I feel a little guilty but im being totaly honest. Maybe im biased(Ive been cooking for just under two decades and am Mexican American). First of all everything was Bland, everything. The spanish rice, the  "chivo", the "carbon". I mean its primarily about the food is it not? Basicaly they get a thumbs down. Im a little insulted that they think they can just cook "Mexican" food with theyre little twist and half ass it. I dont mean to offend anyone but if you want solid flavor and good traditional Mexican food I would stear clear of this place.
4 Good news and bad news, mostly good. First the Mussels in red chile broth are truly incredible, good enough to make the reputation of any restaurant. They are a special now but I hope they hang around for awhile. This place has tremendous potential but needs some fine tuning.  The Guacamole is just OK, it's fluffy, lacks density and real avocado flavor, nicely seasoned though and the chips were great. Could be just the bad avocados available in Winter, we shall see after the Spring thaw. Tacos al Chivo [Goat] were the best meat I have had outside of the Cabrito in Nuevo Laredo; as good as the meat was we were not given any salsas, onions or other items to dress our tacos.  Tacos al Carbon were tasty but needed a lot more carbon, next time I will use the two magic words "bien doradito" when ordering them. Which brings up our server, who seemed to be somewhat confused and had a difficult time answering what I thought were fairly straightforward questions. Also, they were out of quite a few items and we were not told until we tried to order them. BAD, VERY VERY BAD!  My GF thought her Tacos de Hongos were unevenly cooked and she was correct but they were still quite good. The rice was rather bland as Mexican rice generally is, however we enjoyed it very much, they were also out of beans-see above. They should keep salt and pepper on the tables as most dishes were very lightly salted. On their Facebook page and most of the photos here all the tacos have double tortillas, we received only single tortillas.  Overall we enjoyed our meal and will return next week, especially if they still have the Mussels*. I understand that they have only been open for a short time and were slammed with more business than they could handle, because of the very early good press they received. If they can iron out the kinks this will be a world class Mexican restaurant.  *We will not make the mistake of sharing an order again.
4 Independent restaurants like Desnudo Tacos is why I come back to Las Vegas year after year. First off, let me say that from the second we walked into this place we were greeted politely and made to feel welcome. The food was delicious. I would rather hop in the car and drive 5 minutes to eat here than walk to any Mexican restaurant on the Strip. I had the Tinga poblano taco with braised pork shoulder and house-made chorizo as well as a chili infused goat taco. Both were very good. My wife had the torta de puerco which is a sandwich with pork belly carnitas. It was awesome. When I go back I'm getting a couple of those. Get the rice and beans on the side because they're infinitely better than any other Mexican restaurant. I really appreciated that the chef came out toward the middle of our meal and asked how everything tasted. A sign of pride and well deserved. See you guys soon. I hope. Keep it up.
3 The service here is really good. Our server did an excellent job at accommodating my group and was very nice. The decor makes me feel like I am in a Mexican home during day of the dead its red and black and looks very authentic. I tried the goat and pork tacos both meats tasted very bland and lacked flavor. I am a big fan of naked city pizza but I don't think I will be back to Desnudo tacos any time soon.
5 Fantastic new eatery near Naked City Pizza / Moon Doggies. It's a bit like "gastro pub" style authentic Mexican. I had the chivo- goat taco as well as the mushroom and al carbon - steak tacos and all 3 were fantastic. The goat was tender, well braised, juicy yet still tasted like goat! The tacos were large, about twice the size of street tacos. Came with rice and beans, which I normally don't eat but these were amazing. The rice in particular was garlic seasoned which was excellent. The owner was very accommodating (it was slow - 3pm on a weekday). We had a free sample of their elote (corn relish) and could have eaten a whole bowl of that as well ;)   This is not your run of the mill taquiera nor is it gringo tacos - it's a happy place inbewtween and a little sideways.
5 Hanging with Christian here at his new restaurant.  Guacamole and south town burrito r to kill for. Homemade sangria is great.atmosphere is casual. Prices are good for the great food.
4 Great little taco joint.  Tortilla chips and salsa are made fresh.  I had the pork tacos, but look forward to returning for the California Burrito.
2 Ate here the other day.  The food wasn't bad but it wasn't awesome either.  Mediocre at best.  Slightly disappointing based upon the other reviews but I guess we're just spoiled from all of the good taqueria's in Cali.    We tried a few different tacos.  Tinga was like soggy pulled pork, Carbon and pollo tacos were okay.  Guacamole was delish but the chips tasted like they were fried in old oil.  I won't be rushing back.
4 Ate here for the first time on a week night and business was pretty slow at 6:30PM but picked up by the time we left. Desnudo offers daily specials and their ceviche special happened to be a delectible combo of scallops in a mango reduction with red onions, lime and radish. It was worth the trip from Green Valley just for the appetizer. They have a variety of tacos and we tried three different varieties but the Tinga Poblana were my favorite. The tacos benefit from the crema and lime additions as well as the avocado and flavorful meat combination. We are looking forward to next time; we will order the Chivo, Tinga Poblana and Ceviche of the day.
4 Items Selected:  Guacamole - Avocado, Tomato, Lime, Serrano, Onion, Cilantro, Thick Crispy Tortilla Ceviche - Mango-Lime Scallops, Salsa, Onion, Cilantro, Pineapple Chivo - Slow Braised Goat, Guajillo Chile, Avocado Leaf, Banana Leaf, Onion, Cilantro, Radish Carnita - Pork Shoulder Braised in Lime Juice, Avocado, Lime Queso Fresco (With Beans and Rice) Tinga Poblana - Pork Shoulder, Chorizo, Chipotle, Tomato, Tomatillo, Roasted Garlic, Avocado, Crema Hongos - Sauteed Mushrooms, Baby Spinach, Ancho Chile, Roasted Garlic Crema, Lime Queso Fresco  Garnering ample praise since opening its doors, Chris Palmeri and Christian Dolias' "Desnudo Tacos" had been on my 'to do' list for weeks and although my first experience was under the less-than-ideal circumstances of already being quite full from prior dining I can say without a doubt that not only are the commendations well deserved, but that tis visit will certainly not be my last.  Small in size and well-culled in offerings as nearly every topping, accoutrement, and protein is made in house it was with two friends that I sat down at a long bench amidst the Día de los Muertos décor and ordering lightly with an eye to sharing the meal began simply enough with creamy citrus-meets-spice guacamole and tender, bright ceviche before moving on to a quartet of tacos, the three which I tasted all a study of what high quality ingredients and innovative pairings can do to elevate 'simple' street food to new heights.  Beginning first with the Tinga Poblana, a 1-2 punch of braised pork and spicy chorizo finding balance in light crema plus ample garlic and progressing onward to unctuous mushrooms whose woodsy umami-funk was lent levity by light spice and citrus it would be difficult to decide which was more impressive and yet having experienced goat in a number of forms including upscale Greek at Johnny Monis' Komi and traditional Mexican stew from Chicago's celebrated "Birria Zaragoza" I can say without second thought that the Chivo here is exemplary, the meat easily shredded by fork with a light gaminess on first bite giving way to soft grassy tones quick to meld with acid, sweetness, and just enough onion and cilantro to make flavors pop; more than enough incentive to return for a second look at it and the rest of the menu...plus perhaps some Naked City next door.
5 Yummy Tacos, Great atmosphere! Try the daily seafood seviche and the chivo tacos and save room for dessert!
5 Desnudo - nude, naked, bare  Interesting name, must be a pun on Naked City Pizza which is next door, because their tacos weren't nude at all, but all dressed up. Which is a good thing! Sometimes you want a nude taco, sometimes you don't.   Actually, it was only after reading Mike's review that I realized how many ingredients go into each taco. Wowzers. And the taste in the final product shows the love and care put into the ingredients. Desnudo tacos are some great tacos.   My favorite was the Tinga Poblana (Pork Shoulder, Chorizo, Chipotle, Tomato, Tomatillo, Roasted Garlic, Avocado, Crema ). Tinga poblana is a stew made from pork and chipotle and the result is that the meat comes out tender and flavorful. Desnudo's version does not disappoint. I haven't tried many versions of Tinga Poblana but I don't have to, I think I found one of the best. I highly recommend it,  head and shoulders over the carnitas, which the bf had. The carnitas were good too but the Tinga was special.   My new BFF (best foodie friend) was more adventurous and went with the Chivo (goat meat). As a child, I hated goat and lamb, and the gamey taste it left in my mouth. But the last few years, I've learned to love lamb, and now, Desnudo has me loving goat meat!  The goat was tender and flavorful, with a slight gamey-goat taste, which was pleasant to the palate and oh, so good to the tummy. I'd get these again.   Honorable mention to the Mango-Lime Ceviche, the scallops were tender perfection. TBH: I didn't see any mangoes, maybe they only use the juice. Hongos tacos were good too, they used a mushroom mixture that had enoki, but I thought it was a bit salty.   In conclusion, this is a high-styling place. I think I invented a new word: GASTROSTAND. LOL. Desnudo is a gastro-taco-stand. It has the feel of a taco stand but they serve high-end food and drink (which I will imbibe in next time). Loved the art work and bathrooms too.   Great place! Go check it out!
3 Horchata? None? Grr...  It is a pet peeve of mine when a place is unable to provide some of their most sought after items - this night, they had no Horchata. It takes hours to make Horchata - and when something takes that long, you obviously should have started making another batch ahead of time, no? That being said -  The food at Desnudo Tacos is better than average. Flavors are rich - sometimes a little overbearingly, but most people will enjoy their take on Mexican foods. I had the pleasure of trying their Tinga Poblana as well as a Pork Belly Torta. The pork was moist and full of flavor which was a definite plus. The torta was gigantic, and a fantastic value.  The environment of the restaurant is a bit of a minus for me. The pictures look nicer than the place does in person. It's sparsely decorated and the bright/dark contrasting colors are only on a portion of the walls with the kitchen a bit of an eyesore with its white paint and fluorescent lights.  Additionally, it's in a bit of a seedy looking area with a terrible parking lot, but that's not totally their fault.  All in all though, I wouldn't hesitate to try this place again or go there with friends, but I'd hope that they'd be a little better prepared.
3 Okay so where do I start. I kept debating about two or three stars for this place as I border on "meh" and "A-ok" Very cool vibe in the place, sort of hip dive bar.Music was a little loud but it was music I like at least.  I think thought the food is overpriced, I paid about $10.00 for a machaca burrito, enchilada style with no sides.  The flavor was good but it was really salty and this coming from a person that loves salt.  Also, we had the habanero salsa and chips - also good but had to pay for it, I think around $4, whereas most mexican places chips and salsa are complimentary.  I liked the mild salsa, had a good smoked chipotle flavor to it - that might have been my favorite part of eating there. Also, had the pork belly beans, again good flavor but the pork belly was indistinguishable and pieces were so small they could easily put in salt pork and it would look and taste about the same. On the up side they sold Joseph James beer, so kudos for supporting a local brewery although I am not a huge fan of Joseph James in general but they are local. Ended up being $25.00 for lunch for two people with one ice tea. I noticed we were the only people in there eating food from Desnudo, the other two groups had pizza from Moon Doggies next door. A employee of Desnudo kept walking back to Moon Doggies and picking up the pizza to bring over for the other patrons, good service I guess in that respect and it made me wonder if they are owned by the same people. Either way, for the money I think I will try elsewhere next time. On a seperate note the plates for the burrito and the chips were both chipped in multiple places (no pun intended) - no big deal to me for a divey place but I am sure the health district might ding them on it.
4 Was tricky to find but well worth the hunt!!! Great tacos, and friendly chef! We will definitely be back for more!!!
5 Kellee K's ROTD mentioned the California burrito two months ago, which first put this place on my radar. Then LV Weekly mentioned their torta de Puerco in last week's edition. And I couldn't put it off any longer, so I came in today.  Ordered both of the above, takeout, split at home with the BF. He grew up with Cali-style Fresh-Mex, I grew up with border-style Tex-Mex. Despite our different mexican food preferences, we both thoroughly loved the drastically different dishes we tried.  The Cali burrito was huge, packed with carne asada, fries, different salsas, cheese, and other yummy things- the flavor profile was complex, spicy, meaty, and amazing. Somehow, despite being an especially americanized burrito, the authentic ingredients gave it a genuine, traditional flavor. I'd eat this any day of the week, and it was spicy enough not to need any of the extra red or green salsa.  The LVW article doesn't play around, putting the torta on it's list of top 10 Mexican meals in the city- describing the sandwich as "loaded with pork belly carnitas, lime-braised pork shoulder,  quesadilla cheese, pickled vegetables and lettuce." Ingredients I never would have expected in a torta, nor thought to combine, all singing together in perfect, crunchy, harmony: crispy, buttery roll plus crispy, greasy pork, plus bright, acidic pickled veggies balanced by fresh lettuce and a touch of creamy cheese. Pretty sure my  BF would sell me on a streetcorner for a truckload of these. Or maybe even just one.  I'll definitely be back. Service here was stellar- takeout order ready in 10 minutes, packed with napkins, forks, extra salsa, and a smile.   Be sure to turn early and park in the lot by the bar, you'll have to walk around to get to this place- but let's face it, if you're eating Mexican food, you probably need the workout.
5 The service was friendly, the prices were right and my tinga poblana taco was fantastic.  There were plenty of other menu items I would like to try, so this place is staying on list of go to lunch spots.
5 Way to go Desnudo Tacos! Excellent food, atmosphere and the owner is friendly and passionate about his menu.
4 I stopped by Desnudo while home visiting and am almost sorry I did. Because now all I can do is wish for those tacos to be somehow teleported to me across state lines. Why can't modern technology keep up with my needs?  This is the most unpretentious restaurant you'll probably eat at in Vegas-it is a literal hole in the wall with pretty limited seating, fun decor and one TV for those socially awkward folks who like to watch a screen while dining with others. You don't to do that here; you're gonna want to focus on the food. Note: the parking lot is a small hot mess of a situation, so if you're coming during high traffic times, be prepared to be almost backed into or almost hit by someone coming around a blind corner several times as you enter and exit.  The menu isn't extensive and it can afford to be. Tacos are their specialty (obviously) but they also have tortas, burritos, chips+salsa, etc. Again, limited menu but you won't need to look far to find something good. I got the chivo (goat) and hongo (mushroom) tacos as a combo that came with rice and beans. I judge any place that serves Mexican food by the beans and if the beans are bad well then they might as well close up shop. Desnudo got the beans right. And the rice too. I probably shouldn't have eaten as much of the beans and rice as I did, but I couldn't stop! The tacos were fantastic-hard to say that one was better than the other since one was meat and the other basically vegetarian, so I loved both equally. I was skeptical about that mushroom taco (as I am with any vegetarian anything)-mushrooms are often used as a lame vegetarian substitute for meat dishes and it's often terrible. Desnudo did a great job of just letting the mushrooms be mushrooms and really capitalizing on their flavor. Didn't miss the meat with these! The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR! The fresh bright toppings offset the richness of the meat just making for a well balanced bite every time. I guess my only ding is that the meat could have been shredded better-there were some larger pieces in there that made eating kind of unattractive but honestly it was so good I almost didn't care.   The service was really great-our waiter was friendly and attentive and I never felt rushed (the place was starting to fill up as we left). I have such an extensive list of places to visit whenever I'm home visiting and Desnudo's been added to that list!
4 Rolled in here at 5:30 on a Sunday afternoon after reading some Yelp reviews.  Thanks, Stefany V!  I had my heart set on the Pig Sandwich (Torta de Puerco).  I was not disappointed.  I'd describe the sandwich, but there's no way I could do better than Stefany V's writeup.  Just read her review instead!  :)  It was the best food I've thrown down the old gullet in quite some time.  Pickles on a pork sandwich?  Sign me up!  Why four stars?  It's kind of a hole in the wall; I might just get food to go next time.  Limited seating including a couple of picnic tables.  And I had a dancing chair - one leg was about three inches shorter than the others and I nearly biffed it a couple of times.  Shouldn't have been drinking, I guess.  The service was very good and the other food I saw looked great.  Give it a shot!
4 Desnudo tacos ( tacos naked ) is not your ordinary taco shop, they don't rely solely on grease for flavorful tacos, they actually use some kind of Aztec or Mayan magic to create some of the best tasting tacos I've had this side of the I-15 in Vegas. With my tacos I ordered some sides, the fideo soup which it was really good, alittle bit on the salty side but good nonetheless. The garlic rice was...we'll too garlicky for me, the beans where so good I could just eat a bowl of them by itself. The meat in the tacos was juicy and tender and topped with real Mexican cheese, I added some real good homemade Mexican salsa which they have in many heat levels nicely supplied in a bottles instead of the common little salsa bowls.  This is also not your basic traditional taco shop either, it is actually a sit down restaurant where they bring you a menu and go through all that blah blah restaurant stuff and although the service is more than awesome the reason I usually go to taco places is for quick fast food style service but if they are going to take the full service route then they should at least serve complimentary chips and salsa. so next time I stop here I'll make sure I have more than enough time to enjoy the nicely decorated room, dia de lo muertos style, and listen to the not so Mexican alternative rock style music.   No shirt, no shoes no service..... But go desnudo.
4 Not exactly cheap food, but for the most part you'll get what you pay for. Pretty awesome 'Surf and Turf' burrito with a ton of shrimp and carne asada with guacamole and a few bonus french fries in the burrito for that trademark SoCal texture. This burrito is so big it can sit up on one end on its own, like a fat cat. Delicious. All the lunch money at $14, but delicious nonetheless!  The star of the Desnudo salsa show is the homemade habanero salsa, not too hot and refreshingly flavorful, we easily used 1/3 of the bottle on our food. Don't let the orange appearance scare you from trying it - it's really not that hot. The ceviche looked fantastic - the dudes next to us got it - big portion, too.  Diet Coke, one burrito, two tacos = $25 + tip and you're looking at a $30 meal. If it were half that I'd probably want to eat here at least once a week. But it's not, and unfortunately this neighborhood SUCKS (Arville between Sahara and Desert Inn) - I have to admit that part of me was wondering if the wheels on our Jeep would still be there after our meal was done. Kids in this neighborhood have no problem throwing landscaping rocks at moving cars (yes, this has happened to us) and their parents will defend them. You've been warned!  Desnudo's front doors were propped wide open, and as a result there were more than a few house flies divebombing our food plates. Swatting at flies during your restaurant meal is not that awesome. Maybe if the rock-throwing kids wouldn't litter on Arville so much there wouldn't be such swarms of flies?  I digress. Desnudo is definitely worth a try. You may fall in love with some of the recipes here. The environs will make you feel like you're off the beaten path.
3 Very good. Tried the pork belly tacos. Glad I tried something different. They were fantastic. Unfortunately they use onions in everything and I HATE onions. Otherwise it would be 4 stars. The down side is that it's CRAZY expensive. 2 tacos, rice and beans were $13. Small portions and hole in the wall atmosphere should be about half that. Probably won't be back.
4 Had the flautas and Hongos tacos. Flautas were great. Guacamole and chips were good! We'll be back.
3 So close to a 4 star!  Visited Desnudo Tacos after the review on cheap eats in the Las Vegas Seven Magazine.  Sounded too yummy to pass up!    Got there on a weekend evening and the place was empty except for a few other couples double dating.  But, these folks, they brought in food from Moondoggy's next door!  For shame!  Just about all their food was from there.  They only came to Desnudo Tacos to buy some Sangria and a few other drinks.  Didn't even try their food!  Even worse these folks had the nerve to leave their leftovers and a large empty pizza box from next door on the table when they left.  Some folks need a lesson in manners, I tell ya'!  The place is RED, I'll give it that much, but a bit spooky!  Kinda had that voodoo meets pagan ritual vibe going on.  Liked it somewhat but I kept glancing over my shoulder for some unknown reason.  Theme restaurant...check!  Menu was nice and simple.  We started with the guacamole and chips.  These came out in short order.  Fresh avocado, tomatoes, onions, ciliantro, peppers, and lime with fresh tortilla chips?  Very good starter for the meal to come.  Guacamole was bright, lots of flavor, freshly mashed with quality ingredients.  About as good as guacamole can get.  Our orders came out next.  The wifey got the Burrito de Machaca - slow braised beef with bell peppers, onions, eggs, and salsa Mexciana.  A bit on the wet side because of the beef juices, so it made the underside of the burrito soggy.  But no biggie, the burrito was good.  Beef had lots of flavor from the spices, was super tender, not to mention the portion was good.    I had the famous Cali Burrito - marinated skirt steak, French Fries, quesadilla cheese, crema, and salsa Mexicana.  This burrito was great, nice kick to the tender steak from the chili marinade, good texture from the addition of the fries (probably why it's considered 'Cali', though I was expecting avocado), all tempered by the crema and cheese.  I enjoyed this very much.  Especially with Desnudo Tacos house made hot sauces, the habanero was a killer.  My only gripe of why not the fourth star?  Damn Mexican Coca-Cola is overpriced!  Hello...markup!  It was like nearly $4 for a bottle of Mexican Coke, and the bottle wasn't even the standard 1 litre!  it was a tiny bottle.  A bit disappointed since indeed the Coke went great to wash down our meal.  Bummer.  Will probably be back eventually to try the tortas, they look super delicious.  In the meantime Desnudo Tacos...lower the price of your Coke!  Gracias.
5 A very unusual Mexican eatery. I would give it 10 stars if I could. Fresh quality ingredients well prepared and served to you quickly. You won't find these menu offerings elsewhere. Not the best part of town. I recommend lunch through sunset.
3 Close to 4 stars...  Started with chips and guacamole which were on point for aure, 5 stars for that and the service.  Tacos, carnita and carbon, both hot and made to order. Carnita crispy and moist. Flank steak seasoned well and tender.  Tacos were topped with guacamole and queso fresco, needed a little more with the salsa provided. They give you 3 different kinds, verde, Rojo and habenero. Rice and beans ordered were great, especially the beans. Meal rated 4 stars.  Beverages disappointing,  worst water I have been served in a long time, so I ordered sangria. Sangria offered red and white, I got the red. Had a flavor of artifical coconut that I didn't love. Kinda reminded me of putting spray sunscreen on in the wind, the moment when the wind blows the spray right into your mouth and then you drink sangria to wash it down, yep that's the taste exactly. 2 stars on the drinks....
5 I don't know why I've waited so long to write this review - guess I was just too busy stuffing my face with the amazing food at Desnudo Tacos.   I've tried all the different types of tacos on the menu  - carnitas, mushroom, carne  and can't decide which I like best. I keep saying I'll order one of their other menu items, but when the waitress walks over I always go with the tacos.  The chips and guacamole are great - although sometimes the guacamole is a little spicy for me (I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy).  Because I"m a wimp I love that the taco sauces are mostly "on the side" so I can have my food the way I like it and my spice loving friends can have it with a kick they love.  I'm so glad I live close - because  I may just have to have tacos for dinner - or maybe I"ll get something else on the menu.
3 I've had Desnudo Tacos bookmarked for quite some time now and I seemed to have a pretty similar experience to a few others. It was just on the edge of 4 stars.  The location itself is a bit sketch. They are on the corner of DI and Arville in between Moon Doggies/Naked City Pizza and a tattoo shop. Even at 7pm on a weeknight, we noticed a few characters wandering around the area. Inside the restaurant is pretty cool though. I'm not a huge fan of the community style bench seating but the décor is neat and my son loved the arcade game.   Much like other taco spots, the menu is somewhat limited. Desnudo takes it a bit further though and offers different specials throughout the week. To start off, we got an order of the chips and guacamole. The guacamole is really delicious and I'd highly recommend it. Although a little light on the salt for my taste, the flavor was spectacular and had a nice, balanced touch of heat. My only major complaint was with the chips as they weren't salted at all and pretty stale.   For my meal, I ended up ordering the Tinga Poblana tacos, which feature a combo of pork shoulder and chorizo. The meat itself was extremely tender and flavorful but the ratio of meat to tortilla was way off for me. Their tortillas are decent, but they are big and for me, it was just too much. I do love the fact that they are topped with fresh avocado and a killer crema though. They've also got some of the best beans and rice I've had in a taco joint.   The food itself was a solid 3.5 stars but the service kept me from bumping this up to a 4. I'm not sure if our waitress was new but she was unfamiliar with the menu and didn't even know what arroz meant. At the end of our meal, I believe the check was wrong too. With just us two and our 5 year old, we spent about $50 after tip. There was a weird add-on to our bill, but she claimed the register was missing a button or something and swore the bill was right. Even if it was, she was kind of rude about it and with the lack of service throughout our meal, it just made things worse.  If you're in the area, it's definitely worth a try. In fact, I want to go back to try one of their burritos that seem to be so popular, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat her.
5 Went in for some late afternoon eats with few expectations for we were unfamiliar  but we were pleasantly surprised.  Enjoyed the everything guacamole, chorizo fries, four assorted tacos and some NV beer.  Christian (owner/chef) was super hospitable and gave us many insights into his 'waste not want not' style of cooking, using whole local goat and pig for his prep. Highly recommend and will return.
2 Ehhh.....Had this place bookmarked for a while and finally tried it after a couple cold ones next door at Moon Doggies. That said, I am not sure what the big deal is....I had the Ensenada Burrito which was a special and basically a Cali Burrito with shrimp in it. The fries were undercooked and soggy, they may have been what made the burrito so underwhelming....All in all it was just OK and I spent $30 for a burrito, chips & salsa, a Dos Equis, and a tip....Not sure I'll give it another try....
2 The first thing that comes to my mind when writing this review is unmemorable.  After walking in, I was skeptical about eating here because it smelled of grease and many of the tables were unclean.   I ordered the guacamole with chips to start and the carne tacos with rice and beans. The guacamole was bland and chips slightly greasy. I was not impressed with the corn tortillas because they were store bought and cold. Carne asada meat was tough and flavor was average. The rice did not taste better than a Mexican rice mix from the store. Beans tasted freshly made and were piping hot.   The service was also slow because there was one waitress taking orders, bringing out the food, and busing tables.   I don't see any need to go back to Desnudo because the tortillas are not home made and the restaurant felt unclean.
