3 This has been the setting for many rock shows that I have attended in Las Vegas. At first, I noticed some truly ludicrous behaviour from Hard Rock Live staff -- probably based on the venue policy that no one was supposed to be doing any "Hard Rock" antics -- but, as of late, they have been a bit more hands off with the practice of throwing people out for dancing.   First off, the distinction between Hard Rock Cafe (on the strip)  and the upstairs Hard Rock Live, or rather an explanation of it:   Sometime in 2013, HRC decided to rebrand, or really name for the very first time the upstairs space. My hypothesis is that they were tired of dumbasses getting all irate about going to the Hard Rock Cafe on Paradise, where the casino is (which is not owned by the HRC chain), when they were actually ticket holders to a gig here.   Enter "Hard Rock Live."  There is only one so how the fuck can you mistake it for the casino? The restaurant and souvenir shop on first couple if levels, respectfully, still keep the Hard Rock Cafe (on the strip) name.   Confusing enough?   Well, I am making the major assumption you are already aware of the fact there are two Hard Rock Cafes in Las Vegas (one on Blvd. and one on Paradise)(one being a stand-alone with a music venue and the other being adjacent to a resort with the casino area itself having several venues)   Let me make it easier: coming to a show? Check in to this listing and review it here. Going to eat at the restaurant or purchase a dumb pin? Check in and review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3.  Now that I have wasted half of my characters allowed on a bunch of bullshit, lets get to the matter of Hard Rock Live.   There are couches right outside of the ticketing threshold, or "doors," and one can sit there and relax, charge your fancy phone, and even listen to entire ticketed concerts without possessing a ticket. (This is a major Pro Tip. Do not abuse it, please.) It is straight ahead if you take the stairway -- like you should -- or to the left if you are getting off the elevators, fatty.   There are more couches inside the venue, towards the way back or west part of the space, but a lot more people frequent those and I am, at the date of this review, uncertain if there is an all-important electrical plug.   I have never had drinks here, so you are on your own in regards to that. Don't drink and walk. (Very perilous: http://freakonomics.com/2011/12/28/the-perils-of-drunk-walking/.)  The restrooms -- at least the gentlemen's (do your own research on the ladies) -- has an attendant, so you are going to need cash money if you are heading in there (unless you are an asshole)(wash your fucking hands, pig).  I have heard too many artists perform here to list (and you would not care anyway).   A little tidbit: The Killers, practically, performed here in the last couple of years when the drummer, Ronnie Vannucci brought his side project here, and other Killers joined him on stage.   This was one of the only venues on the strip -- along with The Pub inside Monte Carlo, which is across the street from HRL -- that allowed Imagine Dragons the forum to perform live when they were coming up (which strangely, is only a year ago). They opened for artists and additionally headlined sparsely attended shows here, including one of their many EP releases.   There is no parking except a garage behind the venue that is for the theatre which charges. Best if you park at the Monte Carlo garage or the MGM Grand garage and walk here.   There is an outside balcony area overlooking the strip where one could smoke, if so inclined. Their searches here include wanding front and back. - E
4 Went to see David Cook and Paper Tigers on 1/11/14.  Great room and show.  Good sound/strip view/good bar and service.  Make sure you don't pass by ticket counter on first floor.
4 Been to this venue twice since they changed it to Hard Rock Live. Don't get it confused with the Hard Rock Café over on Paradise Road which is the actual Hotel/Casino. The music venue inside there is called The Joint. As for Hard Rock Live, this place is located on the third floor of the Hard Rock Café building. The first floor has shirts and souvenirs while the second floor is primarily the restaurant.  I assume they changed the music venue to Hard Rock Live because people were getting this venue confused with the other one. The two times I have been here I saw the soul/funk group Here Come The Mummies and the 80's pop group Bananarama (don't judge me).  The box office is located on the first floor. As soon as you get to the third floor of the venue, you will be greeted by security and then the ticket taker.   The venue itself has a nice little stage with an open floor right in front of it. towards the back they sometimes have tables and chairs set up right next to the full bar. To the right of the stage closer to the wall, is the VIP section where you can get bottle service. Since you cant smoke inside and there is no re entry, you smokers can go to the outdoor balcony that is facing the strip. I gotta say there are good views from that point.  As for the most important thing in any concert venue is the sound. Their sound system rivals some of the other good music venues I have been to like House of Blues. You can include great lighting in that mix as well. As a bonus, they have free wifi. Reception here fluctuates no matter who your carrier is so I recommend you use the free service. Domain is hrc-public and the password is hardrock.  So any music type of setting here should be acoustically awesome. The only negative thing I think is that parking is bit far unless you wanna pay 3 bucks over at the United Artists Movie parking structure.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #45
5 Located on the top floor of The Hard Rock Café on Las Vegas Boulevard and far more intimate than the larger venues located inside the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino I was lucky enough experience Crosses and JMSN on Friday March 28th, 2014 at Hard Rock Live.  Pairing a small stage and a crowd of perhaps 450 with pitch-perfect acoustics, far less smoke than other concert halls in Vegas, and a great vibe from a crowd clearly present more for the music than the 'scene' Chino's side project and the opening act both put on stellar sets with nearly three hours of music for only $20 - by far the best concert value I've found since relocating to LV.
5 My favorite venue for live music in Vegas. An intimate setting with a great layout. Not a bad view in the house. Have caught acts such as Cursive, Minus The Bear, Clutch and most recently Crosses here. Haven't been disappointed once. Ticket prices are very reasonable for a Vegas show. Drink prices are a bit steep, but aren't as bad as most venues on the strip. You can even see the stage from the backside of the bar while waiting for drinks.
