5 I have been waiting for months for this place to open.  It just opened tonight--12/13/13.  Wow--now that was a unique treat.  I got the Italian Ice in Bada Bing Cherry.  This ain't no slushie or Slurpee.  When you get something like what they serve you in a 7-Eleven, you usually end up with an overly sweet half-frozen mess that already has an inch of melted candy water at the bottom by the time you leave the store.  This thing I had was COMPLETELY different here at Joe's.  This dessert had just about the consistency of fine wet sand--the kind you make sand castles with.  It was shot through with little chunks of fresh cherries.  The taste was intense, but just sweet enough.  The most amazing thing about this Ice was that it didn't melt in the container AT ALL.  From the time I first started eating it until the moment I scooped out the last morsel at the bottom of the cup, it was frozen.  It didn't melt until it was in my mouth.  This stuff just held together.  The taste never waned either--it didn't get flat or watery tasting towards the end.  Just a great sweet treat from start to finish.  As for the place itself, it's got a hodge podge of antiques scattered about--some fairly nice ones as well.  They're all laid out in themes--there's a row of old fans, a wall of old license plates, an old phone booth, stuff from ships, etc.  Cool retro ambiance.  Service was very friendly, and overall this was just a fun place to boost your mood and liven up your taste buds.  Everyone around, come on up and visit this hip new Italian Ice and ice cream joint that just opened up in Tempe.  My whole family loved it.  Now that you know about it, you just gotta try it out.
5 Joe's has the best italian ice with real fruit in most of the flavors! my favorite is the Joe Latti.  Custard ice cream mixed with the italian ice. The workers are great and friendly and do a great job explaining all the different flavors and giving out samples of the different ice flavors. The new building is a great place to hang out.
4 Stunningly refreshing!  Even though it was a cold night we decided to swing by the newly opened Joe's.    Inside are a ton of antique items that you could touch and play with.  Well at least I did.  But that's not the reason you come here.  So we ordered something simple.  A small Bada Bing Cherry Italian ice and a small vanilla chocolate twist cone.  Both were delicious.   The Italian ice had almost a dry texture.  And the soft serve had fine bits of chocolate.   I mixed the ice cream with the Italian ice and the pair are truly marvelous.     This is a place you really gotta visit over and over again to get a taste of all the yummy treats.  I'm salivating right now thinking about what I'll get next.  However I don't understand with all the high quality products, they serve standard supermarket grade Dreyers hard ice cream.  That's something I'll take a pass on.     It is a tad bit pricey but probably in line with many of the other fancy dessert type places.   You can see their prices on their web site.    Service was okay too.  You can tell they were all still just getting into the swing of things.  Overall it's a great place.  I will come by from time to time as the flavors are just so darn interesting.
4 Joe's is awesome! The service is actually very disorganized and awkward at best. After dealing with the confusing and long lines, however, you'll forget about it when you get your amazing dessert! I got the Mango Tango Joe's Latti (which is the Italian ice mixed with soft serve) and my husband got the Black Lemonade Italian Ice. We were both very happy! The ice stays soft and frozen for a long time so you don't feel like you have to eat it super fast. Also, some people were there JUST for the soft serve! Just go now.
5 LOVE this place!! My Sis and I dropped in when we drove by and it caught our eye, the guys running it were super nice, the decor is neat, and the chocolate malt was PURE HEAVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My Sis had an apple pie ice blended with vanilla into a smoothie/shake and it was amazing!
4 We went by tonight to give Joe's a try. It was really crowded for a winter night, but the wait in line was worth it.  I had the Joe Latti with Bada Bing Cherry and chocolate ice cream. Wow. So good! Chucks of black cherry, great cherry taste that is not as cloyingly sweet as some attempts at cherry. Just....great. Will be back.
3 If this review were based solely on the Italian Ice it would get 5 stars. Don't you think that part of the Italian ice attraction is the way it looks? Shouldn't we be able to see it behind a glass display? I think so. Joe's is not set up that way. The product is hidden behind a second wall so that the workers have to run back and forth from the counter to the place where the product is to fetch it for you when you buy it. This takes time.   When we arrived there was one customer in front of us and it took about 5 full minutes for us to get served. Too long. If the product was up front the server could tend to several people at once allowing everyone to take samples before they make their decision. The store is beautiful and it is too bad that all that money went into the place and there is such an important design flaw. Oh well, more about the product.  The Italian ice is scrumptious with little bits of fruit in it and beautiful in color. It looks amazing. You will love the ice, give the Bada Bing Cherry a try and the mango is awesome too. Skip the soft serve ice cream, it is really not very gopod and tastes like it is loaded with chemicals (it tastes so artificial).   Now that I've tried the place I know whet to get, so anytime I'm in the area I will make a b-line for Joe's, even if I have to wait.
1 The food was fine but the service was horrible. The older manager (possibly the owner) was berating an employee in front of customers. The kid didn't deserve any of it. Won't be back to this place if this is how employees are treated.
1 The ice and icecream there was O.K. but why i rated this place only a star was the fact that I saw an employee being berated multiple times, once by an older looking man (most likely the owner) and a girl that had one of the meanest looks I have seen, Specially for an Ice cream place! I almost didn't want to order after I saw what happened.   After I ordered I waited for what I felt like ages! I don't know if it was because the store and employees were new, or the fact that this mean looking girl kept telling the workers that they were slow or to restart on their orders. After I got my order, a regular Joe-latti with their Bada-Bing Cherry and vanilla soft server, i sat down and tried it. The ice itself was alright, felt dry and didn't taste great. The soft serve was actually very nice, tasted like it had a lot of fat in it. but tasted good nonetheless.   After all that has been said i WILL NOT, be going back their due to the fact that the service is extremely slow, the workers are obviously not treated well or trained well for that fact, and that their ice was only O.K.
3 If this were based solely on the Italian Ice (Joelatti specifically), it would be an easy 5 stars.  The product is AWESOME!  So so so delicious and refreshing and pairing the ice with soft serve takes it to a whole new level.  That being said, the staff here needs to get it together.  It has taken 20+ minutes for my boyfriend and I to get our order with just 1 or 2 people ahead of us in line.  Often there will only be one person working the register and getting orders, but there will be 3 or 4 employees in the back loudly goofing off when they should be coming to help customers.  I've even experienced these off-task employees coming and INTERRUPTING my ordering to play a joke on the person helping me.  Completely unprofessional and really sends the message that the customers don't matter.  In general, they also just don't move quickly.  I used to work at Cold Stone ice cream and we were trained to get people in and out the door in a certain amount of time, so we were always moving with haste so that people didn't have to wait.  Not the case here...I've been the only one ordering, no line, and it has taken ridiculous amounts of time to get my ice because the employees are just slow and goofing off.  Manager, owner, whatever, you have to know that this is going on!  Train your employees and tell them to move faster, stop goofing off in the back, and get product moving so that people don't have to wait.  I know they're high-schoolers and it's just an ice cream shop but if they keep doing this your business will suffer.  You could have the best product in the world but if people have to wait so long every single time they aren't going to come back.
5 Refreshing creamy delicious cold treats are the specialty here, perfect for the warm Phoenix weather! I came in for the first time today. There was no one in line in front of us and the guy behind the counter took the time to explain the menu to us and offer us samples of the Italian ice and soft serve. We ended up ordering the joelatti, which was layers of soft serve and Italian ice.  Man what a great combo! The ice is refreshing and tangy and the soft serve is SUPER creamy and thick. I've never had soft serve this good before.  On top of the delicious desserts, the decor inside is quirky and fun. Lots of vintage memorabilia like old gas pumps, old timey fans, etc. Plus the whole place was super clean, which I always appreciate. I'm sure this place will become a regular spot for me to visit to satisfy my sweet tooth!
5 Wonderful Italian ice !! I love the root beer ! Yummy and cute inside !! Bring the kids sample are free !! It's a fun place !! Thanks Joes for coming to the valley of the sun ! We love the place !!
4 Friggin' love this place, not going to lie. I am here at least once a week. The ice is usually on the sweet side, but the texture is always perfect. I'll usually get a Joelatti, because the soft serve is out of this world amazing!  They really should have put the ice up front though, and they have broken my heart a few times by changing up the flavors available (Tiger's Blood, come back!).  Go to Joe's, you'll like it.
5 Joe's vanilla soft serve is out of this world yummy! Very friendly staff who provide a fun sampling of Italian ice experience. Karl is the fave so far!  Definitely a great family outing spot, chill date night, or fun evening splurge!
4 Cute place! Joe's Italian Ice has a retro, '50s feel to it. The interior has lots of memorabilia that's fun to look at. The menu is varied and there's a plethora of different flavors of Italian ice to choose from.   We decided on a Joe-latti, a layered concoction of soft serve and Italian ice. We picked the granny smith Italian ice, which was nice in that it captured the "essence" of granny smith flavor, but none of the harsh tartness. It had a light texture that contrasted well with the thick, custard-like soft serve.  While the menu's flavors are extensive, some of the more esoteric ones should have an explanation to what they are. For instance, I'm not even sure I could guess what a "Joe J", "Black Beauty" or "monster mash" is.  Overall, a good place for dessert.
5 I love this place. My husband and I come here all the time. So many flavors and they are ALL delicious. You can sample anything you want so you know which one you want to buy, (try the Monster Mash!). Cute place to go with the family or for a date night. I'm sure in the summer this place will be extra booming with the Arizona heat and people wanting a refreshing treat.   I highly recommend this place. And the owner is such a nice guy. The employees are all very friendly as well. 5 stars from me! Can't get enough!!
4 The sample cone for Italian ice are perfect size. If you have a little one. Under three years old.  Bam!!
4 To give you an idea of how much I love this place:  Dude and I live less than two miles from Rita's South Tempe, and we go out of our way to drive to Joe's.   It's just that good! Cute place, too. Always buzzing with ASU students in search of a late night sugar fix.  We have done Joe's runs several times now and haven't been disappointed. Two of the times were very close to closing time, and the staff was still very friendly.   You can sample just about anything you want.  So far my favorite has been the Peanut Butter Cup ice. Yeup, you read that right! Like a frozen Reese's cup.   Dude was a huge fan of the Snozberry and Monster Mash flavors.  The Joe-Latti was just meh. The soft serve tasted  super artificial, kind of like Cool Whip. Rita's Gelati is the one up they have on Joe's.   If you're looking for flavor explanations, there's a laminated sheet at the counter explaining what is what.   Kind of wish they had all the fresh ices on display (and not behind a wall), but it's really no issue.   Check out Joe's if you're looking to cool off - It's heating up fast this year, Phoenix!
5 Bada bing cherry is the greatest thing I've ever had!!!  Every time I find a fresh piece of cherry, it's like I struck gold.  This is my favorite ice cream spot in AZ.  I have a Bahama Bucks and Dairy Queen near my house and I still drive 10min to go to Joe's instead.  They're different types of ice cream, but nonetheless I chose Joe's nearly every time.  They have awesome interior and exterior seating, loaded with old school memorabilia.  They've got an original Mrs. Pac-man, an old phone booth, old school barber shop chair/stuff, old gas station pumps, and more.  They always have a few special flavors of the day.  Try them, they give samples and are very friendly and helpful!.. Even with choosy, indecisive kids!  I've seen them give kids full ice cream come samples!  Try the Joe-Latti - basically Italian ice w soft serve nestled at the bottom.  They sell this stuff my the gallon!!   After you try it, you'll be considering loading your freezer with it!
5 The product is great, the ambiance is fun, and the store is very clean.  I have been reading some of the past reviews about the service, I have been going since it opened, and I can say that their service has definitely improved since, so maybe give it another try now that they have got some of the kinks worked out!
5 My favorite dessert in Orange County has come to be my favorite dessert in AZ! I was so excited they opened one in Arizona, that I came down the weekend shortly after I found out.  The ice is amazing, especially my favorite flavor, bada bing cherry. The staff is always super friendly, and the store is clean and has lots and lots of cool things to look at and play with (old telephone booth, various bells and whistles)
5 Popped in today to check this place out as I've always been curious. I chatted with the owner for a bit. He was extremely nice and seemed passionate about the place. He gave me a couple of samples which were both delicious - one had a hunk of real fruit in it. Really flavorful. I left with a mango flavored Ice, and it was pretty amazing.   I'm new to this sort of cold treat - it's not ice cream, and it's not sherbet or sorbet or yogurt or frostee or shave ice or gelato. It's something else. It's surprisingly rich and flavorful and creamy for being ice based. It stayed cold in my car for over an hour - even had to leave it in the parked car for like 25 minutes at one point. I was surprised it held up and didn't just turn into flavored water.   I meant to save some for my girlfriend, but I finished it off before I got home. I'll have to go back. Good thing it isn't that far away. If you've ever been curious, it's worth your time to stop by. It's May and currently heading into the 100s with Summer basically upon us. Knowing this is here and that they have refreshing and tasty low calorie alternatives to ice cream means I'll be returning.  Yum.  Oh, and as for the decor - the place is nice and clean and smells pleasant. It's decorated kinda kitschy - as though the owner is a collector of old cool Americana style artifacts. It's pretty neat.
5 I've been in here a fee time in the last few months and they have been amazing! Great service and great sweet treats! I love that they rotate the flavors! They have made a permanent customer out of me!
5 I love, love, love the Cherry Italian Ice here.  It has chunks of cherries in it.  So, so good!  Great place to go for a sweet treat.  I want one in South Chandler!!!!
5 WOW!!!  I've been a long time fan of Rita's on the East Coast and was excited when they came to Tempe  Tried Joe's Italian Ice today and I have to say I am impressed.  I had a Joe Latti with Piña Colada ice and vanilla ice cream.  The Piña Colada flavor was intense.  I'm hooked. If you are reading reviews for Joe's I hope you give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
2 The decor is wonderful. Honestly, it makes up for the lackluster Italian Ice.  As you can see from all the photos, there is a lot to see. It is very cute, but not too crowded inside. Old timey phones are everywhere.  Free Ms. Pac Man was a plus.  However, at the end of the day I came here for Italian Ice. I got half cherry and half lemon. Lemon was by far tastier, but overall I would stick to Bahama Bucks. It was watered down, and not quite what I expected.
4 How to prompt Kate's embarrassment - call me out for being at your shop twice in less than 24 hours.  Briefly, this stuff is good.  Much better flavors than Rita's, for example.  The Bada Bing would be better if it didn't have chunks of cherries.  A flavor or two taste pretty artificial to me (which...they are so no biggie).  My favorite flavor, which is so rarely actually served, is horchata.  Pure. Bliss.  Just try to not get called out by the on-their-toes employees!
4 Husband from Philly where he grew up on real Italian desserts. Tried this place instead of the usual ice cream run since it's a few short miles from our house. Yum! He tried the lemon ice-- hubby's favorite flavor of all time in ices. He was thrilled. Be warned -- it's very tart but it's real lemon juice folks. I had the mango. So tasty. We both had medium sized ices. The size is that of a styrofoam coffee cup. It  is $3.49 and really worth it. You could get 1 tiny scoop  of ice cream at Cold Stone for that price it would not be as satisfying.  Ices are well churned and not grainy or slushy.  I agree with another reviewer that the ices and ice cream should be up front so you can see what to order. Lovely young lady at the counter did offer a free sample before we even had a chance to look around. Nice touch.  Had to deduct a star for serving Dreyer's ice cream instead of  store made. But really-- who's coming for ice cream when you can get that anywhere. Go for the ices!!
3 The Ice is good but they have no flavors available! Also Brett or whatever his name is nice but not very helpful
5 Joes is The Real Deal.  I love Italian ice, it is my go to snack when I can find it. The other day I found Joes on the way out to dinner.  It was my Birthday so I was real quick to suggest skipping dessert at dinner so we could go to Joes after. That was a great choice and a very pleasant Birthday surprise.  Joes is a real neat place with tons of cool memorabilia and interesting décor. The menu boards are easy to read on lcd screens, and the place was spotless, I truly mean that. The floors immaculate, the counters and tables perfect, not one speck of dust anywhere and yes even the tons of chrome was without spots!  Service was quick and friendly and even Joe himself was on hand to wish me a happy Birthday and exchange some friendly banter.  What was most remarkable were the Ices, everything I tasted was fantastic, but the mix of bing cherry Ice and soft serve was AMAZING!!!  I can not wait to return!!! trust this YELPER and stop in, you cant miss the place!
5 With twelve others. All of our deserts where great. I had a joe latti root beer.  They offered me a sample before and the customer service was friendly. I like there ice cream better them the custard at Rita's.
4 Joe's Italian Ice has it all:  It has charm, cold delicious treats, and it has variety!  Living about 2-3 miles away from Rita's, I always find myself navigating just a bit farther to Joe's instead for my sweet indulgent treat.  It's a cute little shop, always filled with families and ASU students, with an always impressive menu.  I'll admit I was a bit overwhelmed by all their choices at first but there's nothing the menu can't explain and you can always ask their friendly cashiers.  My favorite flavor so far is the Peanut Butter Cup.  Chocolate & peanut butter are soulmates.  Period.  If you're a fan of soft serve, get a Joe-latti!  It's creamy and almost reminiscent of the kind of soft serve you can get at McDonald's and adds a little creaminess to your Italian ice.  It's summertime and this hot rock called Arizona is unforgiving!  Cool off and head to Joe's if you know what's good for ya!
5 LOVE Joe's Italian Ice! We'd go to the one in Anaheim every day when we went to Disneyland and we were so thrilled that they opened one in Arizona! We tell all of our friends and family about this place and everyone loves it. The ice cream is unreal! Best soft serve! My favorite thing to get is a strawberry joe-latti -highly recommend it, you cannot go wrong! We've tried Rita's before and it doesn't even hold a candle to Joe's! Everyone should try this place -there is nothing better!
