4 If you've been to the original location, you'll be disappointed to find it's smaller with less seating. But there is plenty more outdoor seating in comparison.   The usual treats and drinks you crave from Sambalatte are still available here. And there's a kicker: a drive thru!!  Not sure if it's open or in use...only time will tell how well that will go.
5 You did it again Luis. Best coffee in town - this time it's easily accessible and parking is readily available. The wait time is shorter and the new barista from LA that made my coffee was amazing! I can't wait until you are on every corner in America.
5 I'm so happy about this new store. The original is impossible to get a parking spot at. Now I can ride my bike to get my Flat White. Which I highly recommend. Coffee is so good in the steam punk brewer. Store does not have the 'charm' of the original, but coffee is just as good.
4 First time in a coffee shop in a very long time. Not a big coffee drinker. But since it's within walking distance and brand new, thought I'd give it a try.   Interior is very nice and spacious, yet maintains a sense of coziness. Decor is what you'd expect.   The pastries are expensive. I guess it is normal for these types of places, but $8 for an ham n egg n cheese muffin is a bit much. With that said, it all looked delicious.   Now to what I ordered. I have a chai latte. It was warm and not hot, which I don't really mind because I could drink it right away. But for those who like their drinks piping hot, you'll be disappointed. $5 for a chai latte is not something I'd do everyday, but when I'm in the mood for a fancy drink, I'll stop by again. Besides, it makes me feel snooty haha. Go in and have a drink, I'm sure you'll be happy you did. I liked my chai latte.
4 Was a fan of the Boca Park location.  Great to have a location nearby now.  Wish the inside seating was a bit bigger but now that the weather is doing well, there is plenty of outdoor patio seating.
5 I wish they would throw in a couch or two, but the place is lovely anyway! Nicely laid out & laid back. No hectic vibe, but still very quick. Everyone seems as green as the store ( I've had 2 small mistakes, nothing big), but they were super attentive & apologetic about it. Seems like once the staff gets into the groove, this will be a top notch spot to get a top notch coffee. So, be kind, cut them some slack for these first few weeks. I sure am!
4 Yay ! New location finally opened (and lol i totally thought it was opened for a while already)   Smaller location compared to the first location in Boca Park. Curved glass wall with bench seats for individual customers facing the outside. A much larger, and covered sitting area outside.   Ordered a matcha latte because i randomly thought of the one i had in Berkeley, CA at Asha Tea House. As with all other drinks, if you plan to drink there, they will give you a cup and saucer to use and return. Nicely presented as always and a large cup as well. The Matcha flavor was fairly light, compared to the other matcha latte i've had. And the drink, overall, was not that hot. Possibly due to the use of a large cup that was cold. Probably suggest to make it extra hot for those who like a hot drink !   It was nice to sit outside to read. Quiet. Lots of seating.   Will definitely come back just to sit outside on a nice day, and try different drinks too !   Wish places like these stayed open later at night. Would be a nice place to socialize/read/work at.
5 I love their cappuccinos and those definitely deserve the 5 stars.   But I am REALLY bummed they close at 7pm. This isn't Summerlin where everything closes down early. The same complex has two 24hr businesses and a restaurant that closes at 2-3am. 10 people just had to leave and more were coming in because they said they close at 7. They don't have to stay open until 2am (though I'd love it) but at least until 9 or 10pm like most other things in this area. Even Starbucks stays open that late one block away.   I've been waiting for months for this location to open and it's great, I just hope they change their mind on their hours!
4 3.5 Stars  I never made it out the other Sambalatte but had it bookmarked a long time so was excited they were opening up here near S. Jones and 215, same place as Kyara and Tropical Smoothies.  It's nice inside with a few tables and a long bar top but it doesn't seem like it can hold a lot of people. There are some tables outside though since the weather is nice sit outside if it gets crowded.  I've had a few of their drinks so far and I liked them. For what they offered and what I had I liked them. I had the Nutella Latte, the White Mocha, the Café Con Leche. I heard that they make some nice and creative designs in their drinks. I've only gotten the heart which was ok maybe I need to stop taking my drink to go and they'll do something nicer.   It seems like I was a bigger fan of their pastries and food. Everything looked so good. I ordered the Ham and Cheese Croissant and really like it. It was warm, cheesy, and flakey. I'd order it again. I want to try one of their quiche as a meal and something on the dessert side next.   The layout seems a little wrong because if you come from the front door, which is the closest to the parking lot, you'll have to walk through people waiting for their orders to make your order.  They have a drive thru but I'm not sure if they're functional yet.  It's somewhat pricey.
4 Really excited to try this place out since I have never been to the Boca park one.  I don't like drinking coffee but I still wanted the foam art so I got the green tea latte and it so good! If you've ever had those Japanese green tea kit kats it tasted like that, so yummy every sip. I also got 2 macaroons the almond and caramel. I was pretty disappointed since they have so much hype. They were both way too sweet and overwhelming. Maybe I got the wrong ones.   This place is worth a try and they have plenty of seats outside for nice weather days. I want to come back and try the Nutella latte.
5 Macaroons are great (almond) and nutella anything rocks! I am so glad this is close to my work!
3 I gave the Summerlin location 5 Stars. The Jones location just opened so I'm going to give it a few chances since I love the coffee. All the foods and drinks are great. I give those 5 Stars. My 3 Stars is because of the service and the price. I don't mind the $5 price for coffee but $8 for the ham and cheese croissant! Really?! The service is VERY slow at the moment. It's understandable IF it was busy and if they're under staffed, but there's 5 people behind the counter 3 people in the coffee section and 2 cashiers. I found myself waiting there to be acknowledged, finally someone took my order and my coffee took forever to be made. It's because the baristas are just socializing talking about their plans for the night! Really?! Come on! I can hear you and see what you're doing or NOT doing! Then I ask the cashier about how much some of the pastries are and they respond with an "I don't know." At least have the employees know the prices of the small amount of pastries that they have at the top of their head! I'm going to give them a chance though because of the coffee! I really hope they get themselves together! I really want them to succeed and close at a later time! Closing at 7pm is ridiculous when there's Serenade close by that closes at 3am.
4 Came here on a tuesday to work on my laptop and read. Picked up a nutella latte. Much stronger than the matcha latte i had before. Weather was nice that day too so, as usual, opted to sit outside.   I wish their seats were more comfortable outside though. So straight and hard. (LOL..) Causing me to readjust my seating quite often. Aside from that, pretty good.   When i was there, seemed like there were two guys working on building a table top? I'm not sure if those two tables are for the area between Sambalatte and Tropical smoothie but they created quite a mess. Overflowed material was sprayed away onto the ground, making it difficult for some people to access Sambalatte from the side door.   Aside from that, good place to hang outside and away from sun :P
5 This place is one of the best places in town for coffee and tea. It's a nice retreat and doesn't feel like Vegas. The patio was gorgeous and the food is really good. Some healthy options, but more so pastries. Not a lot of tea selections, but the ones that they do have are really good. Amazing spot for locals and I'll be back again!
3 First visit was today.   The staff was VERY friendly, and informative, welcoming me to the store, and explaining their rewards program.    I personally found the prices to be a touch on the higher side...I paid $6 for a coffee that is about the size of a small at other places...and to be honest, I'm not really thrilled with the flavor of the coffee.  Of course, it doesn't help that my drink order was made incorrectly...I ordered a nutella late, with a little bit of white chocolate in the drink. The people making the drink made a nutella late, and a white chocolate mocha instead, and then we just combined the two cups into one, since I was running late to work.  I'll admit though, seeing a little heart in the first drink was pretty cool...I just wish it tasted better.   I'm going to give it another go, for sure, because I can't believe that a place would have such high ratings if it was really this mediocre...and the service was wonderful... I'll just have to order something a little less complicated next time, maybe.
4 I am really excited that Sambalatte opened a second location in town and can't wait of their third on the Strip! So let me just say, this location isn't really convenient for me during the week but, during the weekends in the spring you will now find me sitting outside in the courtyard, sipping a nutella latte.  This location still in the process of getting the kinks worked out (the other day it took about 20 minutes to get two lattes, as some guy grabbed the wrong drink and screwed up the barista) but when they get it all done it should be amazing. This location is also going to have a drivethru, (it's already installed, just not being utilized yet) which will be totally convenient for early morning coffee on trips out of town as it's right off the 215 and Jones.  Go check it out if you like really smooth unburnt tasting coffee
3 Ok second visit today...  I have to say, I'm still not impressed.  Today I tried the Nutella cappuccino...easier than yesterday's attempt at a Nutella latte with white chocolate.  $3.75 for a smaller than a "tall" other places, and...I can't taste the nutella. I'm sorry, but if I wanted a plain cappuccino, I'd have paid less.  I wanted to taste the nutella.  The staff is still great, and the place is really nice...if I want a cup of regular coffee NOT at home, I'll probably stop by here with my laptop, but...I'd honestly rather drive a little further and go to Grouchy John's.
3 I have never been to the one in the Summerlin area so this review will be completely unbiased (although I am planning on going there one of these days).   I have never tasted the Nutella cappuccino but my god, the one I ordered definitely did not taste like Nutella whatsoever. Not even a hint. It just tasted like black coffee with milky froth added to the top. I like black coffee but I ordered a Nutella cappuccino so I expected to at least taste some Nutella! So that's one star off of my rating.   Certain drinks also come in one size so that's a bit of a down side for me. Now I repeat that I have never been to the other location so I don't know if they do it there too. There's another star taken off the rating.   Other than that, it's a really chill and laid-back coffee place. I'd most likely be visiting every once in a while to study or have a chat with a friend or have coffee dates with the boyfriend.
4 I suppose the most important thing to focus on when attempting to duplicate a successful business is making sure the quality of product translates. They succeeded in this...... But somehow for me.... It isn't quite enough.  This location will be a HIT with people who have never heard of or visited the boca park location. I however will only go when I'm in the area.... And let's be honest, it's spring Valley.... I'm never just "in" the area.  I will however continue to frequent the original location. Some perspective on my rant for you.... The original location has all the charm and charisma of a real hipster, trendy coffee shop in NYC. No windows, loud music and loungers. This new location is a converted Starbucks, lots of windows and a DRINK fridge sitting in the middle of the place like a 711. Maybe it's just me, but all the light really makes me take notice of the wretched uniforms they had these folks wearing..... Does the original location have that? I'm not sure and I don't pay attention because  they REALLY know their coffee stuff and by all accounts have the same level of adoration for these drinks that I do! I know there is another one scheduled to open at the mirage..... It's just my fervent hope that these chains don't water down the character and atmosphere of the coffee house I have grown to love so much.
5 The coffee drinks and macarons are fabulous!! My son loves the penguin hot chocolate. I can't wait for the drive thru to open, but that could be a bad thing for me ;)
4 Uff! I was super excited to hear they'd be opening a Sambalatte literally a mile from my house. I really like the. Boca Park location with it's plush sofas and live music in the evenings. But it is a bot far from my house for me to go regularly and I prefer to avoid. Summerlin crowds if possible.   I came last week around 6ish and ordered a small cafe con leche. It was $3 dollars exactly and the barista kindly asked me if I needed the wifi connection, which I thought was extremely nice since most places are stingy about it. The code appears on your receipt. That new to me!  Anyway, I sat around waiting, perusing the local mags while my coffee was made. They have a little section in the back with a booth-like area, but I chose one of the cafe tables up front. They also have a a countertop with stools facing outside. They had some music on that wasn't too too loud. As far as ambiance and seating goes, I don't know if I LOVE it for getting work done. But it's great for catching up with friends or light reading.  The coffee was perfect. Truly. I don't know what they do to it, it feels so rich and creamy, I mean I must have consumed 1000 calories right? Actually no. But that's how delicious it is. In my book, if you are on this side of town, it makes no sense to get coffee elsewhere.
3 I have been looking forward to the opening of this cafe for weeks. I am now sad that it is taking up retail space where another, more reasonably priced, coffee shop could be.  If you browse thru the pictures of pretty lattes with fun designs and an oh-so-flirty feel about them, you will also come across mine. It is the one that has my very boring cup standing next to an iPhone 5. I did this to give you a real sense of my shock when I handed over my card to the tune of $6.42, Yes, $6.42 plus tax, for one measly chai espresso. This awkward concoction was bought at the recommendation of the very helpful and friendly barista. It is because of her I am giving 3 stars. If it were based on price alone I would be demanding a negative star rating. As you can imagine, now that the shock has worn off a bit, I am still feeling just a tad violated.  On a side note, the almond macaroon was delightful (this was not included in the $6.42 price, just so we are clear). So, I suppose not all is lost. Just be careful when you pick your poison here. You may end blowing your week's coffee budget in one fail swoop.
5 super super love this coffee shop! if you are looking for a good morning boost u must come  here and get your caffeine! i always look for a good crema on espresso and on my latte. ENOUGH SAID. love it.
2 They lost the vibe of the original cafe with this small weird choice of  location.  I agree with another reviewer feels like Starbucks and when am I in this area.  A one and done for me as Sunrise and Grouchy Johns deliver a better overall experience.
1 Guys get your ishhh together! Stopped in 3xs since you opened and NO BUTTERSCOTCH LATTE!!! Can you order some or bring it over from BOCA location???? Geeezzzz
4 I have always enjoyed Sambalatte in Boca Park and am so elated that they opened their new location off Jones and 215S.  The decor is unique, great customer service and the outdoor seating is inviting. Their cafe lattes served in a real cup is my favorite.  Expensive? I don't think so as the prices are comparable to the mega chain coffee "stores." The big difference--this is a local cafe, with local owners and not some big chain where all profits go to Seattle!
4 Pretty much the same vibe as the original Sambalatte but less crowded with rich people. The location is perfect for me (I could walk here from home) and I've always wanted a convenient study location.  That being said, I tend to study at night and this place closes SO EARLY. I was surprised when I had to leave 30 minutes after arriving! I should have checked the hours, though. The drinks are on par with the original, as well as the prices and service. I think the service here is actually better because employees don't have to rush orders.  For some reason, this place draws in incredibly friendly and polite customers as well. I love it! Great little place to study or catch up with friends or just have your morning coffee on the way to work (there's a drive-thru). Convenient location by the 215 as well.  One strange thing I noticed was that there was absolutely no music playing the entire time I was there...Conversation filled the air but it was still silent at times. Is this normal at the original location as well? I honestly never noticed because that place is always bustling with people.  In any case, I'll probably go back soon if I need some intense studying during the day.
3 The coffee is great, but the prices are overly expensive (even for the clientele they cater to), and you do not get your moneys worth. They only offer 16 oz. drinks, and some drinks are only 12 oz. When asked for a 16 oz. drink, the sales person said, "we will give it to you, but we will only add more milk, there will not be additional coffee." I am not sure that is the best, customer friendly approach.   I think I will stick with Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Coffee quality is the same, but at reasonable prices.
4 I jumped in joy when I saw this place opened up not too far away from my house! I agree with a previous yelp reviewer the taste is true to the original. The real treasure is the ambiance and customer service. The workers are so nice and welcoming, that you almost want to love their drinks. The ambiance is amazing but inside and outside, they do have music playing inside not really outside. It's a great place to study or talk with a friend if you get here early. Outlets inside are easy to find, not so easy outside unless you're sitting at their big conference like table. I really want to love this place, hopefully I'll find a favorite drink.  I will be coming more!
4 I didn't get as much of a wow factor walking in as I did in the original location, but it's still a great spot to hang out.  Plenty of seating all around, especially outdoors. For the laptop campers, there's a few outlets spread out throughout the place, but not super plentiful. No huge co-working table in this location too. I really liked working on that table in the original location.  Coffee is still great (my favorite is the flat white) and I'm always served happily. Another good spot to get caffeinated on the southwest part of Vegas.
5 Not as extravagant as the one in boca park but this location has a drive threw!!! Nevertheless this location is still relaxing and has the samba vibe when you walk inside.   For first timers this is nothing like the Starbucks of coffee bean you are use too.  The coffee and tea here is more authentic and there is more exotic flavors like a Nutella latte.      If you are a chai fan the chai latte is the best I have ever had.  It has more of a spice too it and you can taste the layers unlike other places where it is on consistent flavor
5 Second Sambalatte location in the same mall with Kyara.  Since we moved from San Francisco, we had hard time looking for great coffee shops that offer consistent high quality espresso drinks. Sambalatte in Summerlin was great, but was too crowded and loud.  This location is in a much quieter neighborhood which is a big plus.  Prices are on the high end, but the quality is well worth the buck.  I'll come back often.
5 Literally the best coffee and lattes in vegas
5 I recently moved here from the Seattle area and found the Las Vegas coffee scene disappointing/nonexistent. The  tables at the Starbucks near my apartment here seem to be a gathering place for the deranged and homeless. Anyway, I am very happy to have been showed Sambalatte. I love the atmosphere, and of course, the signature Nutella Latté. I am a straight black coffee kind of person, so I thought the latte would be too sweet, but lo and behold, it's just perfect.
4 Although this location doesn't carry the same charm as the one in Boca Park, I find it more welcoming, comfortable, and convenient.  It's located on Jones just off of the 215 next to Tropical Smoothie and near Sierra Gold/Kyara. Small inside but ample outdoor seating with shade. Working drive through for those on the go.   Baristas here are awesome and are very consistent. I've had my drinks taste very milky at the other location but here, my drinks have been a perfect balance between coffee and milk. I always opt for the nutella latte, nutella cappucino, or chocolate cappucino with almond milk. Heads up, their shots of espresso "are large enough that they count as two"-according to the baristas. No tall, grande, ventis here-size availabilities are 12 oz for hot drinks and 12 oz or 16 oz for the iced lattes.   If you get one of their cards, after 15 drinks, your next is free. My only complaint is that your tab can rack up here. Their drinks and pastries get pretty pricey.
3 This place is EXPENSIVE. The drinks and baked goods we got were tasty but nothing special. Their sizes of drinks are relatively small compared to other cafes and the prices are too much. The specialty drinks sounded like a great new fresh idea and the taste didn't match up to our expectations. We liked it but we probably won't come back. Oh and there aren't any trash cans outside on their eating area which was also weird.
4 Only second time here and admittedly expensive but so worth it.... As a treat great coffee frappe is delicious!  And the almond croissant is amazing!!! Unreal thing is the cashier remembered my name after only one other time there!!! Cashier wonderful great friendly personality ..... True alittle stuffy in there and people tend to just stay long after the coffee is gone using their wireless and not allowing other patrons to sit but all on all a great place to treat yourself
3 I like this coffee shop mainly for the flat white.  It's in a convenient location, has friendly staff and qualify product.  I wish they were quicker at making the orders and clearing the tables.
4 Classy coffee joint. Expensive, but the frothy hearts in the lattes make it worth it.
4 Friendly people, great coffee!
2 On my way to an appt, I decided to stop by.  This is the weirdest tasting latte I have ever had.  Not sure what type of almond milk and/or flavorings they use.  I do not like drinks handed to me without a lid.  What is the purpose to have a customer walk a few feet to get a lid?  I do LOVE their cups.  The heat guard is built in.  Brilliant.  I wont make any effort to try this place again but will swing by if I am near and need coffee.
4 Nice!  At least I could find a seat! :)  Good coffee, nice to see their expansion into more locations.  Beans are good.  Iced coffee good. Internet good.  Music good.  People not super loud at this moment.  Good mix of people Han style (solo) and in groups.  Parking not a problem.  Stamp of approval!
5 I have had half a dozen visits here and enjoyed every one. Ambiance is great and the drinks are well made. This place is worth passing up Starbucks for.
4 Cute new location! Fun and really nice employees. LOVE that is has a drive through and it's usually pretty quick. Only draw back is that it's kind of small and corded inside. They do make up for that with ample outdoor space though...
5 Hands down my favorite café in Vegas. (I'm only speaking for the Summerlin location though because I think the new Southside location sucks.)   I love coming here for all sorts of reasons; obviously their drinks, pastries, ambiance, etc. It's such a nice place to sit and have a conversation with someone while sipping on a nice cup of Nutella latte or tea. And a couple times I've gone while they had a singer giving acoustic performances. It was so nice.   I guess the only thing I could complain about is the lack of space in there. The seats are limited and it can get real crowded really fast. But as ironic as it sounds, I kinda don't want them to expand. I'd want it to remain quaint and cozy, like it already is ^_^
3 Compared to the Summerlin location, this one's meh. The look of the place is very nice, I especially love the wood counter facing a view of the strip. The customer service is what seems to be a hit or miss here. The morning I went in, the ladies looked less than happy to be there, and the foam on my latte was a bit off, weak and a few bubbles.  I was thrilled at the thought of a replica of the Summerlin location coming to the South end of Vegas, but unfortunately when places expand, they often lose sight of their originality and all the important facets entailed in what makes an awesome café. This is what has happened here. But it's not too late! Bottom line for this locale: hire better help, like the technical and friendly, passionate baristas you have in Summerlin, and given that this isn't in a ritzy neighborhood like Summerlin, they should adjust their prices accordingly, especially with the competition they have in the area with Coffee houses.
4 I'm so glad they opened one on my side of town. Although it's still a little out of the way, I'm willing to drive the distance for a good cup of joe' --especially for their iced Nutella latté.   When this place first opened, I was a bit underwhelmed with the timeliness and the customer service.. But I think it was just a matter of settling in with a new staff.  I do appreciate the drive-thru, I am always on the go, so this works in my favor! One thing I wish they could invest in is offering a larger size than that 16oz. I remember, at one point, when I used to go to the Summerlin location, they offered a 24oz. It would be so amazing if they got bigger cups, it's such an inconvenience for me having to order two 16oz lattes every time I'm there. So I pray to the coffee Gods, please add a 24oz cup!
4 Great atmosphere but a little pricey...
3 Love the location, it is easy and quick. The courtyard is lovely. Great place to hang out and enjoy. The inside is beautiful and open.  I tried the steam punk coffee maker and was not impressed. The machine  looks cool and is fun to watch in action.  The reason that I am here is for the coffee,  I don't care if you are the only place that has this fancy machine - I care about the taste.  The coffee: It was weak and not much flavor.  There are no pour-over or french press options, think of this as Sombalatte Express. If you are serious about good coffee go to the original Sombelatte location or  try Sunrise Coffee.
3 I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but on the rare occasion that I am in need of a caffeine fix, drive-thru is always my preferred method. Having this option in the area is nice, but I didn't love the drinks.   Service was friendly, albeit a little slow for there being no line. My iced coffee was a little watered down and I wish they had used more ice to keep it colder. It all seemed to have melted quickly and was lukewarm, which isn't particularly appetizing.   For a quick morning jolt, this is a good option, but I don't see it becoming my go-to coffee spot.
5 Great place to hang out with friends & loved ones for great cup of coffee n great pastries too....luv this place
4 Coffee shop out of no where!  Had a delightful cup of Nutella Cappacino! No need to add sugar, the nutella gave it enough sweetness.  Really enjoyed the toasted ham and cheese croissant breakfast sandwich. The croissant was warm and flaky and crispy. Yummy.  A wonderful substitute morning coffee place when I can't get a cup of Philz nearby.
4 Very nice location off the freeway. Iced mocha was very good. The ham and Swiss croissant was amazing. They have a wide variety of macaroons for you folks. I would go back for sure. The decor is what you would see in most coffee houses of this genre.
3 Does not open until 7am??? You serve breakfast/coffee on one of the busiest intersections in Vegas and you don't open until 7am?  Rediculous!
4 Love that Sambalatte is now open on 215 & Jones, don't have to drive all the way to summerlin~  This location is a lot smaller than the one out in summerlin but there's more seating available outside vs inside I think. It's great to sit outside on a warm day but not on a hot vegas summer day of 104+degrees...  I went around 6pm on a Wednesday and there were only a few people there so the service was quick! I ordered the iced macha latte. They didn't ask me for a size so I thought it would be a regular or something but when I got my drink it was in a large cup! It was delicious & worth your money. I also ordered a nutella latte before and that was great too.  They have a variety of pastries/desserts that you can purchase as well; including  macaroons!   Great place to grab a coffee and chill or catch up with friends.  There's tons of parking outside of the shop too!
5 Thanks to in-the-know Las Vegans, I was introduced to this cafe loved by all the locals. It has everything you want from a coffee shop: coffee, tea, food, lots of indoor and outdoor seating, clean bathrooms, wifi, and even plenty of outlets for laptop users.   Not so much in the coffee mood, I had two iced teas and a packaged Greek salad. I liked one iced tea more than the other, but they both came in large glasses to keep me refreshed for a long time. The salad was surprisingly fresh and tasty for sitting in a fridge. It was great to have a healthier alternative than the usual scones and cookies (which they have plenty of as well).   Most impressive to me was the friendly service. The people who work there are happy to make suggestions, give you the wifi code, and won't give you the stink eye if you stay there a while.   A great spot if you're in the area and want a place to hang!
4 Super expensive and long wait but the coffee and pastries are delicious!
4 Nice, relaxing good cafe.  I  had Latte, and I like it.  Also, it was served in a big white nice mag!  Staff is also nice.  I want to come here again if I come nearby and want to have a chat over a coffee, I think =)
5 This is by far, the BEST coffee shop I have ever been to. I was so used to going to Starbucks every day, and having just mediocre lattes, but this coffee shop opened near my house and has drive-thru, so i thought i'd try it. I am hooked. I come here about three times a week. Their iced nutella latte is the best coffee drink ive ever had. Also their muffins are the size of boulders (and quite as dense as one). I have had the chocolate muffin and the blueberry muffin. They are so delicious. I have also tried the almond croissant. Incredible. I dont post on yelp alot but I felt I had to being how delicious this place is. I never go to Starbucks anymore. There really is no comparison. Seriously. Oh, and the staff is super nice also. it gets 5 stars from me easily. Try it. You wont be disappointed.
3 A bit over priced, and usually a bit of a wait for your order.... the coffee is alright but the pastries are delicious!
3 I had tried this location three times, but the coffee flavor is better in the first. Nutella flavor is plain, the service is very slow.
