1 I am super disappointed with the new restaurant. I got really excited when I saw the New Times article about it and decided to invite my family to our neighborhoods boat parade /dinner at the Watershed.  I will preface this with the HOA sending a flyer out to the residents to come watch at the watershed, so it was going to be a busy night.   We got a table and after 20 min finally had someone ask us if we wanted something to drink. We ordered an appetizer so that we could look over the menu. In this time, there were about 4 servers who tried to drop things off at our table. It was very clear, no one was properly trained on the seating chart or whoever was running the restaurant has no idea what numbering tables is.  20 minutes later we had the queso fundido. For $9, I wasn't impressed with the amount of cheese given. Once the cheese got cold, the thin chips could no longer scrape it up off of the skillet.  We then waited another 10 minutes for our server to come back around to order more drinks and food. We  were quickly told that we could order more drinks but the kitchen was now closed.... At 6:30 in the middle of the boat parade...  Basically we told him this is a joke and that we were done then because we had expected to be eating at this time. He apologized, but no, offering of anything to make us want to come back.  While waiting for our check two servers came by asking if we ordered the food they had. This made us even more upset since we were just told the kitchen was closed. The last girl that came with food, my Mom made very clear that it was ridiculous that there was no food service at 6:30 pm. She said they had not prepared to have this many people come to the restaurant. Out of the 15 tables there was definitely not food at each one, so not sure why they would plan to only feed 5 tables a night.   We asked to have our check again and then were told that their system wasn't working... We added up our food/tax and got cash out because we were livid at this point.   On the way out, we asked for the manager. It happened to be the girl that tried to drop off food at our table.  We told her how disappointed we were, especially since we live in the neighborhood. She basically broke down crying and said they would make it up to the community. They still took our money and no  hint of wow, we are sorry we basically made your night super sh#*%y, please come back for a free appetizer on us.   Every aspect of this restaurant shows me that they have no restaurant or customer service experience. I won't be back bc I would rather spend $15 on an entree somewhere that I know will actually treat me like a customer.   Side note: We left and went to Spokes on Southern, a go to place in the neighborhood that we always enjoy. We sat down, water was instantly brought and had a server within 5 minutes. We joked with them about our horrible night so far and the manager brought us a free appetizer...basically another restaurant tried to make up for the disaster one!
2 I am updating this review rating as the General Manager contacted me directly, so am appreciative of the outreach. Has anyone else tried? Let me know if I was way out of line with my review.
5 Great, Unique atmosphere...beautiful sunsets on the waterfront patio. Can't wait for the official grand opening when the inside renovations are complete. :)
4 This place is awesome! I love the patio. I can't wait until it is fully finished.
5 Stopped by for after-movie beverages. 2nd time here. Amazing atmosphere, incredible beer selection, and friendly staff. Bryan was our server; he was knowledgeable and helpful. This place is on the rise. We will be back!
4 So excited that there will be a new place to go in the Lakes area. Have eaten here twice and everything we tried was amazing. My daughter loves the fries, so have even gotten them to go to take to her. I cannot wait to see what the inside looks like when complete. With support from the community, I think this will be a great "go to" place for years to come.
4 Though just in a "soft" opening state I already am a fan of this restaurant. The green chili meatloaf was fabulous with delicious steamed veggies and mashed potatoes on the side. I can't wait for the weather to warm up a bit and they add Sunday brunch to the repertoire. I will definitely be back.
5 Great atmosphere! Service was attentive and friendly. Ordered enchiladas, very nice. Defiantly be back soon.
1 I'm shocked at the other reviews that give higher marks... this place is a must skip! I agree, the atmosphere is nice being outside on the water and I'm a big fan of Pier 54 next door... however, it takes a lot more than just the outside atmosphere to make me want to go back to a place. The layout of the place is just awkward- we walked through the front door into a big open space that looks like a banquet hall and then one random table inside near the fireplace. Outside there is one section of picnic tables that don't fit in with the style and then around the other side of the building are seating areas and tables and chairs. We sat at a table to order dinner- however the tables were very awkward to sit at- the bars of the legs and supports got in the way of where your feet go, plus the chairs were really rigid and uncomfortable. Service is meh... some servers looked like they wanted to be there and work, ours did not.... we ordered drinks and queso fundido which took 25 minutes to come out and was only so so- the chorizo was a nice touch but the cheese hardened soon after it arrived to our table and we needed to scrap it with a fork to get some for the chips. For dinner, I ordered the green chilies enchiladas and my boyfriend ordered the burger. Our food took an hour to come out (expected if the place was totally busy and slammed with people... not the case here). While waiting we had the great entertainment of the drunks sitting in one of the couch areas next to our table. The ladies were over served and stumbling and screaming while looking for one of their phones making the atmosphere hard to enjoy. Luckily they left half way through our our wait for the food but made the couch area a disaster while looking for the phone- funniest part of that is not one staff member fixed the area! The cushions were everywhere and pillows on the ground- no one cared to take the minute to clean it up for others to sit at. When our food finally arrived, the music had been turned up and we could barely hold a conversation. The burger my boyfriend got had a bun that was bigger than necessary and he needed to cut away over half of it to fit it in his mouth- an additional bonus for him to find out was that the burger was burned. My enchiladas were so incredibly spicy that I couldn't eat them. I used the excess parts of the burger's bun to try and take the burn out of my mouth. I ate about two bites and was done. The server never checked on us to see how things were until our drinks were empty and we had been sitting there for 15 minutes without touching our food... when I told her that the enchiladas were extremely spicy, she took my side plate and placed it over the dinner plate, picked it up and said "ok" and walked away to get the bill. Didn't ask if I wanted something else, take it home, or take it off the bill- I clearly had hardly touched the food... Over priced food and drinks for crappy food and service. Save your money and mouth by skipping this place- go next door to Pier 54!!
1 Okay-- first, the good: I was pleasantly surprised with  the interior of new restaurant in the Lakes community.  Love the open space, the fireplace and large leather chairs to create a very inviting ambiance.  There were just two of us ordering one grilled cheese ("grilled onions and mushrooms") and a glass of wine-- just taking baby steps on the menu, thank God.  Simple enough.  20 minutes later and after finishing our 2nd glass of wine, still no grilled cheese.  My friend and I were paying close attention to the orders that were being served (and sent back--wrong table, mis-orders, you name it) to the patrons across from us-- ribs were apparently overcooked and they too waited forever and day- and sent back, still wondering where the grilled cheese was?    So..... after three glasses of wine you would think my mood would've changed, still no food, alas, I used the restroom.  What a mess-- don't get me started...  Came back and low and behold- the grilled cheese "exclusive" sandwich straight from the kitchen!    After 45 minutes waiting with an empty restaurant, what we retrieved was a dish--- one you can get better at Denny's.  The cheese as stated by out 13 year old, bless her heart, waitress was a "chef's special." Cheese (obvious Kroger shredded cheese fresh out of plastic package it came in) WAS NOT MELTED, mushrooms-- button, chopped and not cooked properly with slimy onions smothered.....  Oh good Lord!  This is a GRILLED CHHESE PEOPLE!  Okay, I get it.  Watershed, you are new.   Welcome to the neighborhood.... you are in Tempe and trust me, as a person who's lived in such culinary perfection cities as SF and Seattle.... I get it.  The bar is set very low, but my God, try to at least get past the first hurdle!     The owner seemed very nice and professional-- I wish he would of been there to apologize instead of the 17 year old perky "manger" who didn't know how to take feedback as much as her C- art project in High School.  Is this cruel?  Hardy-- this is the truth and this place, if it plans to be around long enough in the money it has invested to get "started" has a long way to go.  Keep the fireplace, it is the best thing going for you- the fake grass on the patio is tacky.... and I could go on.  Food sucked, service lousy.  All in all, a total disappointment!
5 The food is fantastic,.. The queso fundido is the best along with the enchiladas I had.  Even the meat loaf is excellent. This place could stand alone just with the food but it has a beautiful view too.
1 I am updating this review as the highly sensitive owner of the Watershed took the time out of his day to send his response to my Yelp review.  Enjoy!    __________________________________________________________    Hey Brett,  Dan Scott, the owner, here. Thanks for taking time out of your late Saturday night to review my soft opening. I reviewed your ticket and you paid for two glasses of wine for two people. We also comped your meal. And, as someone who has been in this business and the media business for 20 yrs, it's very unprofessional to review someone else's meal. Especially when we made that situation right and the client was in the end happy.  Do me a favor and forget we exist.   We make everything from scratch and are working our tails off to make this a fantastic restaurant/bar and I know we'll succeed.  By the way, my assistant manager talked to you because I was off the clock from my 16 hour day and just started to celebrate my good friends engagement that had just transpired at my restaurant. My newspaper, (Weekly Alibi) has been doing reviews of restaurants for 20+ years and we have a policy of going to a restaurant multiple times before giving our review.   I guess that's the difference in qualitative professionalism between real reviewers and the Bretts of the world.  __________________________________________________________  I think this speaks louder than words.
3 We really wanted to try this place because it is on the water, and is very cute.  It is still being renovated, so when you go, understand that it will probably look like they haven't completed the place yet.    The food wasn't bad.  Not outstanding, but not horrible.  But I wasn't expecting a Scottsdale 5 star place.  It is obviously a nice neighborhood destination, and the food offerings are average, but probably will improve with time.    The strange thing was, we ordered appetizers, drinks and dinners, and they brought out my dates dinner and appetizer first. Then 10 minutes later they brought out mine.  SO weird.  And they acted like that was a normal way to present the food.  We had the Queso Fundido (aka Cheese and chips) which was pleasant.  The grilled cheese was the only thing on menu (besides salads) as a dinner option for vegetarians.  It was suppose to have herbs and onions and many cheeses.  It did not.   Just plain little grill cheese that a school cafeteria would make.  The Griddle burger had so many Jalapenos, they had to be removed.  And it was rare in the center (asked for medium).    Maybe this place will work the kinks out and get better before the late spring.  We really want to like the place because it is quite lovely and has a nice atmosphere. Maybe they can get someone that knows how to cook and manage the place properly.  If you are picky about the food, you have been warned on what to expect.  But you will enjoy the view and the patio, for sure.
5 We went to the Watershed with a group of friends last weekend and would for sure recommend this great restaurant to others! First, we are always looking for unique restaurants in our area and the atmosphere here was great - we loved the patio overlooking the water, the twinkle lights and when we finished watching the sunset - it got a little colder and they quickly brought us over a heater. The waiter that we had was friendly and knowledgable. (Heads up they do use a phone to take yours order)  We started with The northshore - (grilled pineapple mojito) and The Pirates cove speciality drinks. Both my husband and I are pretty particular about our drinks and these were both unique and delicious! We also tried their tortilla coconut shrimp, queso fundido and chili fries. The sauce for the shrimp was spicy so it gave this simple dish a twist and although I don't typically order fries as an appetizer - the seasoning on these were very good.   They are still working on completing the inside and we can't wait to see it when finished. We did have 1 drink in the "fireplace/game room" and the decor was homey and quaint. There were several big football games playing on Saturday and the manager was accommodating and changed one of the games so we could watch our team.  All and all I am giving this a 5 star and we will be taking our parents there very soon.
2 Beautiful patio seating, with gas heaters to take the chill off.  No problem there.  Water view is very nice.  I entered through the patio and didn't see all the construction taking place indoors until I was leaving.  Maybe they should have finished the construction projects before they opened?  However, the construction was not the problem on this night.  The server was very friendly, and I truly felt sorry for him, because clearly the disorganization was not his fault.  The meal for our party of 8 came in four separate shifts.  The lag from the first two meals being delivered to the last one being delivered was nearly 10 minutes.   Mind you... it was after dark and chilly outside.  This left the first two diners with the choice of eating while others didn't yet have their meals, or waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and then eating cold food.  Unacceptable, and inexcusable-- not that there was anybody there who seemed to be aware enough to even offer an excuse.    Where was the help for this waiter???   A party of 8 is not a party of 20, and should be easily manageable-- especially since it wasn't busy.  Not a manager/assistant/owner/busboy/cook/runner in sight to help carry food.   I didn't see a single table inside, and it appeared that the majority of the half dozen tables sitting outside were mostly just drinking.  To the owner/manager--- please know that you are building your reputation NOW, soft opening or not.  If you don't have adequate service when the restaurant is nearly empty, what will you do on a genuinely busy night?  I will give this restaurant another chance (others would say NO WAY!), because the view is nice and the poor waiter seemed to have been set up for failure by the management and/or owner.
3 The Watershed has a lot of potential with its cool location and layout. Right now it is far from where it needs to be. At this point, a small area inside the building and the patio overlooking the lake are the only areas that are open. Eventually they will have seating for probably double what they have now.  The service was full of ambition but utterly lacking in execution. They use a phone app to communicate orders between the servers and the kitchen (which is also where drinks are produced from). The problem is they are apparently unreliable. We had a good sized group of maybe a dozen and several people's orders never came out after waiting a good 1/2 hour at which point we were able to get someone to acknowledge it and they sincerely apologized and were willing to comp some stuff but it needs to not happen like that.  Having people wait for 45 minutes to get a drink (and theres no bar, so you dont have an option to get it yourself) is unacceptable. I really want to see you succeed but whether its understaffing or undertraining, the service issues certainly need to be corrected before you kill your own reputation.
2 To quote Tarantino from Reservoir Dogs " The words to f@&!ng busy shouldn't be in a waiters vocabulary. "  I cannot comment on much as we didn't stay very long. To be seated and have the only greeting you get from your waiter in 15 minutes be I'll be right back...twice...was a preview for what we had in store for us for the evening and grounds for departure. Management was very nice and apologetic and gave us a free appetizer for a return visit but unfortunately Valentines night and our anticipation to try this new restaurant was ruined because of poor service . Any one can have an off night it's just to bad it was tonight. Wish this place all the luck.
1 I've been 3 times now becasue its close to home and very comfortable and the food and drinks were really good. So we thought stopping in on Valentines Day would be okay for a quick drink and bite to eat. NOT!  Get there at 5:20ish, only a few couples on the patio (20% capacity).  The hostess stops us and askes if we have a reservation, I responded "No", she then said it would be a few minutes.  Ok.  The place is practically empty, it's been 10 min, a waitress we had the week before says sorry to us and that she's not sure why we can't be seated.  Other couples walk in, no reservations as well and hostess tells them it will be a few minutes.  She then looks at me and says it'll be awhile, what happened to a few minutes?  Did I mention the place is practically empty?  No bar, still being built and can't even get drinks to wait.  I send my boyfriend next door to Pier 54 (which we frequent alot) to look for an empty table, which he calls to tell me he finds.  I then look at hostess to tell her not to bother, we have a table next door adn walk out.  We end up having a lovely evening on the water, live music and Great Service.  Not sure why the Watershed hostess was rude and doesn't know how to organize the timimng of occupants to tables.  She kept saying everything was reserved.  Sitting next door, we watched the onslaught of reservations for the Watershed arrive only for them to not find parking and it was close to 6:30pm.  We could have been in and out in that one hour.  I've had other resurants inform us their busy, but we could have a table if we finished before the next reservation time.  No such thing offered here.  It's back to Pier 54, who is reliable and hires qualified staff.
4 The place opened a few months ago and they are still building.  The outdoor area is open and it's wonderful to sit outside at the lake and have your drink and meal.  The Captain's room will be a wonderful place to sit when it is too hot outside.  plan to go here again.
5 I thougt is was pretty good...Im wondering if some of the negative review are from the restaurant and bar right next door... I love that place too but I wouldnt put it past their regular patrons.
1 WOW Where do we begin?! ANY 5 star review on here is PAID for or a friend of the owners! I would give this 0 Stars if I could.  Lets start from the beginning... We got seated on the patio at a dirty table that the bus boy had to come over and wipe down a few minutes after sitting down. THEN we wait... and wait... and wait some more. 15 minutes go by and we have not even been greeted! On top of that another party that was seated 10 minutes after us got greeted before us and got their order in!!  Finally a waitress comes by and says she will send someone to be right with us. Then we waited again, and the initial waitress ends up coming back to take our drink order. So 20 minutes in and already off to a rough start. We ordered drinks and food all at once because we figured we would not see our waitress again.  As we sit and wait on the patio near the lake we get bombed with a million nats flying around the water. Gross. Then our meal comes, the coconut shrimp and the Albuquerque turkey. The 5 tiny coconut shrimp was tasteless and you could only taste the breading (not worth the $12 tag). The turkey sandwich was sub-par. As we eat, we order another sangria which never came after waiting over 10 minutes. By then we had finished our meal and did not want the sangria so we told the waiter to just take it off our bill and close us out.  During our dinner we experienced the sight of other patrons waiting as well for their servers and obviously getting very frustrated. One lady even demanded a manager which came and offered free food I believe. Another elderly couple looked upset as their drinks were empty throughout and waiting forever for their check to leave.   As we left I wanted to briefly speak to the manager to simply express my concerns and experience in hopes it could miraculously make this place better. I initially asked one of the servers near the front host desk to grab the manager for me please. She said ok, and then I began to wait. After waiting a good 5 minutes I asked the host to please grab the manager for me. She continues to walk into the kitchen to tell the manager... and the next thing I hear is a loud 4 letter F bomb! ****! Then the hostess comes out of the kitchen and tells me "THE MANAGER IS REALLY BUSY RIGHT NOW AND CANT SPEAK TO YOU". HAHAHA! Never in my life have I been denied to speak to a manager in any establishment. What a joke this place is!  Come to find out the managers name is Matt and I guess he is part owner. What a shame this place is going to crash before it can even get built up.  Recommendation: STAY FAR AWAY from this place! There are much better places to go to with better food and WAY better service.  And to the owners, Matt and "Dan Scott" DO NOT contact me or offer me to adjust my review or offer free food. PLEASE DO US A FAVOR and get OUT of the RESTAURANT business ASAP.  And why do you continue to call it a "soft opening" when you've been open for over 3 months! Get outa here! And Dan quit replying to everyones bad reviews and talking about your personal life and your sorry newspaper in NM. No one gives a rats. You seem so selfish and disgusting you make me want to throw up, and I don't even know you.  Oh and also, read this link for a "professional" review if you don't believe my critique.  http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2014/02/watershed_tempe_happy_hour.php?page=2
4 Pretty cool place in Tempe AZ.   ON THE WATER.  Still needs A LOT of work inside as the bar wasn't even built yet. Not sure where they were actually making the drinks but at least they are open and the views are stunning.   Try the Signature Martini Menu.  Quite creative!
5 I have been talking with The Watershed's management for a few months now. I have seen the building in every phase of renovation. Unfortunately, I was helping to plan a Celebration of Life for a dear friend with terminal brain cancer and the staff was aware I could be calling them at any time to set a date.  Tuesday morning, my friend passed away and I knew that we would need the inside as well as the outside. I have never seen a more dedicated group of people jump in to work night and day so the inside was as close to perfect as they could get it. I spent the last several days at The Watershed, setting up special items and placing candles and flowers. I had every person that I encountered go above and beyond to help me. The celebration occurred on Friday and things could not have been more perfect. The food, atmosphere, drinks, staff, and facility were just exactly what my friend would have wanted. I will be taking everyone I know to this restaurant. If I need to plan another event, I will be calling them. I hope the community gets behind this place and supports it as they perfect their service, food, and business.
5 The Watershed has a beautiful view of the lake and wonderful ambiance including a really mesmerizing fire pit and comfortable seating around the pit. My experience here was wonderful! Isaiah was my server. He has a refreshing personality and is very helpful when making suggestions. I had the House Salad which is fantastic! I will definitely be back!
5 Though still in the midst of a renovation the interior was organized, clean and one can see the potential finished product will look amazing. Friendly staff, outstanding view from the patio : complete with adorable ducks and nearby residents in kayaks paddling by.  I was underwhelmed by their vegetarian options but thats nothing new to me. I scoped out their grilled cheese and a side of fries. My mom got the red chile salad w shrimp. Our server was quick, friendly and kept our glasses topped off which I always appreciate.  The food came out within 10 minutes. Perfectly presented, and i really have to say it: for a grilled cheese w fries it was Beautiful. Perfectly done. And the taste! Out of this world. I haven't had a meal exceed my expectations like this grilled cheese did in a long time! They use some amazing herbs and the cheese blend is fantastic!  Fries were Cajun spicy! Addictive! Ma's salad was fantastic, the grilled shrimp perfectly grilled and marinated. Her words: "i would eat this again for dinner tonight if I could."   Bread pudding for desert! Don't even get me started! You'll just have to go there and experience it for yourself. 5 stars. Will be back and with those super reasonable prices it'll be sooner rather than later!
2 Totally underwhelmed by our first visit here. Slightly embarrassed as we took friends visiting from out of state here. Food was fair. I was afraid it would be cold for as long as it took to get it. They were not that busy for the wait we had with server to get us the bill. We were actually ready to get up an go find him. I guess we were anticipating more since they have been open for awhile to get kinks out. Looks like construction is still going on. I will be hesitant to return.
3 Over all okay. I wouldn't object to coming again. I got the chicken noodle bowl. Yellow curry with coconut milk with rice noodles, chicken, tomatoes and cucumber. The chicken was very delicious, the yellow curry and coconut milk mixture was a bit bland. I thought that the raw tomato and cucumber were strange choices of vegetables; I just ate around those. Very nice environment. I suppose I was pretty impressed considering all the other one star reviews. I had no problem with the service. All in all, a pretty average place with okay food; a nice place to hang out.
5 I loved this place!!! I don't give many places 5 stars but here it is!   I came here with my work crew, because one of my co workers was leaving the company. My bosses reserved the Captain's Room. Ok, if you ever have a group of 10 or more, reserve this room! It's great! It's your own private room, with a dining room table, lounge area, two tvs, fireplace, and pool table. The best part about this restaurant is that it is right on the lake so you have a beautiful view while you eat here. The outdoor patio is also very nice. They laid down some grass and have some tables out there as well as corn hole, and darts for you to play.   Food & drinks.. They have happy hour from 3-6 I believe. We ended up ordering the nachos, coconut shrimp, green chile cheese fries. My favorite was probably the cheese fries. There's a kick to it but it's really good. For drinks, my bosses spoil us. We ordered 4 bottles of wine! I'm a red wine drinker and my favorite is Pinot Noir. It was really good as well as the Cabernet that they had.   This place is really new so I don't think many people know about it. I think the inside needs some more interior designing and they need a huge sign outside that says The Watershed on it. Also, I would recommend extending the happy hour menu to 7 instead. The service was amazing as well. I need to start taking down servers' names when I go out because I never remember and ours was great! He was extremely friendly and very helpful with our group. I'll definitely be back soon! =)
4 Great patio right on the water and you MUST try the Huckleberry Lemonade!  We tried three appetizers and loved them all.  Will definitely go back!
5 Pssst...This place is an amazing date night, reception, retirment party, etc. place. It is locate right on the lake and has a really nice patio with picnic tables on the grass and regular tables on the dock. Inside is spacious and open and has great views as well. Service was fantastic, our waters stayed filled, our drinks from the bar were quick and our food was well timed.   The imporant part, the food: YUM! We started with coconut shrip with mango habanero sauce. really good! Then the skilled queso con chorizo, another hit! Finally we shared the fish tacos. Again really good. Nothing dissapointed. For drinks, they have $10 speciatly cocktails. I started with a edelberry flower, spinach, lemon drop martini. It was soooooo good and refreshing. Great flavor combinations. They have a large selection of craft beers on tap as well, I noticed some Oskar Blue and I had an Oak Creek nut brown ale.    This really is a perfect spot for occasions as well as just wanting to enjoy a peacful, good meal with a beautiful view. So glad I found this place! It does sound like from some of the other reviews that they had a rough opening but they seem to have worked it all out. Service was fantastic, place looks beautiful and all the food was really good. The atmosphere makes food that is a solid 4 stars 5 stars easy.
5 Great place. Fun atmosphere great happy hour nice staff.. What can I say you GOTTA go..
3 I hope these guys get it going....lots of potencial ...menu leaves you asking for direction..waiter says I'll bring a beer menu...why not just have it with you or on the table rather then waiting?...ordered enchiladas which were very good(a little over priced) had to ask for salsa as did the guy behind me for his fish tacos?..beer is overpriced but maybe "ok" at happy hour... Cesare salad had potencial but doused with chili powder and with added shimp the size of a pinky finger...?...anyway.....hope they dont just rest on the location as that alone wont do it...BIG place inside..
5 Had a good experience here despite some previous reviews, and the food was delicious.  We were told that they have only been open 4 months, so there is still some training going on, but our service was excellent.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas which were very good (with a true NM green chile sauce).  Also had several Hurricanes on happy hour - very tasty and "effective" ;)  We sat on the patio on the afternoon with a little wind and the umbrellas are not weighted down, so be careful that they don't fall on you.  Our server noted he's told management several times but nothing has been done - a little disheartening to hear a safety issue with a simple fix has fallen on deaf ears from employees.
4 Yes ...the first time I stopped in ,I ordered the half rack of ribs and I must admit they were finger lick'n good....My second time I took a date ....Now they use Ipod phones to place your order which is cool....unless the system goes down, now I must say they were on it realized the problem and took care of our order ....Made up for the wait by giving us free dessert ....They also offer "Live Entertainment" which is a plus ....So you can enjoy the best of both worlds and you won't  brake the bank....We will go back and tell our friends
3 I have frequented this place a lot lately since I discovered that it's close to where I live.  It's a really nice looking place with a lot of room.  I have had two dishes from this place (tenderloin sandwich and fish tacos) and the food is just average at best.  I think some of the drink and food items are overpriced.    However, the scenery is outstanding and the customer service has been great for me.  They also have some great craft beers on tap.  I would recommend that you sit outside on the water and get a craft beer during happy hour or reverse happy hour.  I will continue to come here because of the customer service, view/location, reverse happy hour, and quality craft beer.  It's also a nice place to play Cornhole outside.
4 Great location! No road noise, beautiful sunsets over the lake and wonderful New Mexican cooking. We had the green chill meatloaf and garlic mashed potatoes and washed it down with some Odells craft brew. Can't wait to try more of the many interesting menu items.
3 I live across the lake and decided to try their happy hour because it looked like a cute joint being on the lake. The drinks were amazing! The prices were a bit high, but worth how good the drinks were! The jolly man was awesome!! I also had a couple different food items, the queso is a joke. It's melted shredded cheese on a thin tiny skillet with meat, very oily, hard and not very satisfying. The shredded tacos were dry and bland and the shrimp Ceasar salad had such a weird after taste I just wasted it. The staff was great! At first I thought our waitress was texting in front of us but realized she was taking our orders! I will definitely be back for the drinks, but not order any food.
2 The location and architecture was beautiful, but the service was severely lacking. Service was quite slow, the queso appetizer was tiny, I received the wrong entree, and it took half an hour to get the check at the end. They seemed to be closing up the restaurant well before the hours stated, and decided to ignore us for most of the evening.  I will give this restaurant another chance, but just for drinks, definitely not for dinner.
2 I really like it here. The food was amazing and the view is great. The atmosphere is relaxed. My only complaint was the service.   I'll start with the food. I had the coconut shrimp that came with a sauce that had a spicy after taste to it. My bf had the monte cristo. Really good with a very sweet maple syrup that also had a spicy after bite. My absolute favorite was the lobster trap. It's a shot of vodka, an amazing tasting Lobster claw after shot, a session lager and last a piece of lobster.   Now to the service. Our server is Ryan d. She seemed to rush us out, got everyone else to come up to us so she didn't have to and didn't notice our empty drinks (doubt she cared). As I look around the patio, everyone else has a glass of water w a straw in it but us. We ordered 4 shots and a drink and she didn't offer us any water? I'm pretty heated. Were usually pretty good tippers. This is the first time we've left nothing.    We might be back just for those amazing lobster claw shots but definitely going to ask for a different server.
4 Cool, new place. Went here for the first time for a friend's birthday gathering. Plenty of space, good food and drinks, excellent waitstaff, and an awesome location. Reminds me of being up north on lake. We will be visiting again.
5 Hi, I'm Alex. Thank you for reading my review. I'll keep it brief.   Parking spaces? Skinny.  Music? Yes, live.  Bar? Yes. Pony right up.  Pool table? Yep.  Waterfront view outside? Of course.  TVs? Yes.  Food quality? Good. Not insane. But good.  Service? Fast.    We brought a group of 20. The staff went out of their way to put tables together for us. Give this place a try.
3 I am so sad I can't give 5 stars as I really wanted to love this place.  Positives: the atmosphere is great! They restaurant is big, decor nice, lots of TV's if you are a sports fan, GREAT live band, and right on the water which was beautiful.  The service was also really good. Our waiter, Mike, was super friendly, he checked on is frequently and our food and drinks came out quickly.  Now the negatives: the food. The menu has a good selection, I would have preferred a couple of healthier options, but that is just my preference. Everything that we ordered just didn't seem fresh, it was bad bar food.  The crab cakes were pretty dense and not super hot, like they were premade and then reheated. Same goes for the kids quesadilla. I didn't think we could go wrong ordering that for our 2 year old, but once again, it seemed reheated. The cheese seemed old and not hot or gooey like it should be. The fries that came with were hot to touch but not cooked all the way. My husband had the ribs and those were actually quite good. The meatloaf was decent but I was hoping for better. And I think the mashed potatoes were the worst, just bad diner style.  I will still go back, but now with the mindset of listening to great music or watching the game at the bar!
1 Anytime the owner is that rude and unprofessional you earn a one star review. Hey Matt, maybe your restaurant would be doing better if you treated your customers with respect. By the way your pasta drowning in cheesy alfredo sauce shouldn't be on the "lighter side" menu. It probably has 3000 calories. NOT RECOMMENDED
