5 Wonderful experience and very friendly staff. On my first visit, I got the "aloha" pedicure. There are so many different pedicures and services to choose from. I will be back to try them all. The massage chairs and atmosphere are relaxing. I definitely recommend this place!
5 I booked a basic French mani-pedi yesterday.  The spa is beautiful, very clean and very relaxing.  I almost fell asleep having the mani-pedi done!  The technician did a beautiful job of my nails, and the owner kept stopping by to make sure I was happy and everything was okay (it was).  They have great prices, do beautiful work and provide great service!  While leaving, the owner gave me a bag for my shoes and socks, a cute little pen, more coupons and they could not have been nicer.  I plan to come here in the future for all of my mani-pedis!!!
5 This place is amazing! They have hundreds of gel color options and the technicians always take their time to ensure a quality job. I love being able to choose the scents of lotion for the pedicures and the massage portion of the pedicure is a lot longer than the other places. The owner is very kind and always checks in to make sure everything is perfect. They have plenty of water and soft drinks to sip on while you get your nails done. The facilities are very clean with extra care taken to use disposable liners and new tools. Overall an excellent experience!
5 I wandered in on a Monday morning for a desperately needed manicure...  Two whole weeks later and my nails are still flawless (save for the new growth, of course)... Seriously, thank God for gel manicures.  This salon is beautiful, the prices were right, my tech was friendly and best of all, everything seemed totally clean. There's something about watching a nail tech pull out tools from a *sealed* package... It squashes any doubt of their sanitation practices   I'll definitely be back!
5 Everything here has been spectacular !!! I'm very impressed . The cleanliness is impeccable ...and the choices are fabulous .
5 I am so impressed . I went three weeks and not one nail lifted or looked bad except for needing to be filled . All the girls are very nice .
5 This time I got gel instead of a regular fill. One week later it looks perfect ! I was skeptical because my old nail place the gel would chip or actually peel off!!! I'm so glad I come here now .
5 Ok 10 days in and the gel looks perfect !! Except where the growth is . I'm so happy . My old (nail place ) was very crowded and the gel would peel off a nail a day or two later. I'm so glad I found this place !
