2 The food took an eternity to arrive. There were 4 tables, myself included, and it took an hour to bring out 4 dishes to our table.   The food is pretty good, but don't come here if you don't have 2 hours.
5 Great food, great service, nice little wine selection plus a full bar and very reasonably priced! Perfect for date night or appetizers and drinks with the girls.
3 I had lunch here with a friend last Tuesday. We have been regular clients of the restaurant previous, though thought to give Charm Thai a try. The decor was all of previous owner. The menu basically the same, a couple more additional dishes. The restaurant was not busy 4 tables dining. Seem to be a one women show, hostess, waitress, and bus women. We were greeted with open arms to sit anywhere, took a little time to come over to our table and when she did there was soup delivered even before we ordered drinks and food. We ordered the Coconut Soup (Tom Kha), note: not on the lunch menu, the Pad Thai lunch and the Red Curry lunch. All the food and drinks came out in a timely fashion and all the food was good, note: all prices are the same as previous owners. Would we come again? Yes, if we were in the neighborhood craving Thai. I would take note though that there is only one women running the show in all positions and if full, could see a potential "waiting for food", as noted by other Yelp critics, especially at dinner hours. It is a definite try, see and taste for yourself.
4 I've had take-out from here for lunch several times.  I call my order in and I always give them more time to get the food ready since it seems to take longer than they say. The quality of the food tastes yummy.  The prices are a little high compared to other Thai places around town. I enjoy the food and it's a nice option for downtown Chandler lunch places.
4 This is Thai kicked up a notch. Expect great service, food that is well presented and garnished, and a personal and elegant atmosphere. Great for a date night, or an impressive place to become a regular. The family who owns the restaurant runs the restaurant and staffs the restaurant. You're essentially a guest, eating in their home. From speaking to them, most seem to be from an engineering or highly educated technical background, and that attention to detail shows in their product and service. It's one of the coolest place to know about - get to be a regular before all your friends do!
5 My husband and I had dinner here last weekend. I LOVE Thai food and I am always on the look out for great new places. Charm was amazing. We were greeted by our waiter Christian and received our drinks promptly. Christian let us know that Happy Hour was now being offered on Saturday as well. I ordered one of their signature drinks and my husband Thai iced tea. My drink was soooo good and my husband said his tea was the best he had ever had! We ordered coconut shrimp and summer rolls for appetizers and they came out quickly and were really yummy. For entrees I ordered yellow curry and the hubs got a sauteed veggie and chicken dish. Let me just say, when ordering my curry I asked them to kick up the heat and OMG, it was AWESOME! It was so good I have been thinking and obsessing about getting back to Charm to have it again. The ingredients of all the dishes were fresh and lovely. The presentation above and beyond. Service a ten! This is my new favorite place for Thai food.
4 This is the first time here and we'll definitely come back but, my meal could have been better. I had the 5 Spice Pork and requested medium heat. It wasn't as spicy as I was expecting. There was ample pork but the amount of veggies could have been more because I ran out of them and was left with half of the pork and broth with rice. My wife's Yellow Curry with Salmon was good. She requested Mild and after tasting my pork she thought her's was spicier. Maybe they mixed up the spice request. Overall, not bad. We'll be back to kick up the spice abit.
4 Good Thai food. I ordered the Thai fried rice with chicken. The dish had a nice flavor and the rice good texture not too sticky nor too dry.   Good food for a decent price.
