4 Fans of Kevin Binkley will certainly flock to his fourth valley restaurant. The restaurant just recently opened to the public (December 2013). There were a couple minor service glitches that are related to the staff getting to know the restaurant layout and the reservation system (some food runners were bringing stuff to our table that we didn't order), but I was pleasantly surprised at how well everything was already running.   My dining companions and I wanted to get a broad sampling of the menu, so we ordered family style. We ordered about 10 different things. The kitchen and the front of the house worked very well together to pace our meal quite well. Again, for a new restaurant, that was impressive.  Now onto the food. The menu is currently the same (as far as I can tell) as Binks Midtown. The focal point of the menu is the "Local Produce" section, broken into cold, hot and salads. We had the eggplant, dates and beets from the cold list. All three were well balanced but the eggplant stole the show. From the hot section, we had the winter quash and the fried red potatoes. Both were almost too good to share! If you're a fan of Spanish patatas bravas, you'll love these. The smoked paprika really came through.  We also had the bone marrow, french fries and bbq octopus from the appetizers section of the menu. One rule I make for myself: whenever Kevin Binkley has octopus on the menu, order it! This one was exceptional. Don't worry, Chef Binkley doesn't serve "rubber" octopus!  We only tried one entree, the brown butter and almond sand dabs. Sand dabs are small, delicate fish that you don't normally see on menus. There were expertly prepared, to enhance, not overpower the flavor of the fish.   Just know that the entree does not come with anything on the side. You'll want to order a la carte if you want veggies with your main course.   We sadly had no room for dessert on this trip. This is definitely a place where I could become a regular, so I'm sure I'll be able to add to the review soon.
1 I usually give nice reviews.  I understand the issues of a new, start-up restaurant.  I know that Bink's will figure out that they need a few compelling menu items...as the limited offering, at this stage of the game, is odd. (After close scrutiny, there was nothing that 'spoke' to me on the menu.  I order an appetizer for my entrée.)  Portions were small...and made even smaller by the tiny plate the food was served on.  The "NEVER AGAIN" was a result of the manager...and the server...under-estimating my intelligence and experience.  I ordered a Stoli martini.  No Stoli...so I changed it to Kettle.  No special instructions..other than I wanted it stirred not shaken...I hate ice chips and a watery drink.   Five minutes later, a frothing, bubbling, smoking drink was served to me.  There was 1/8 of an inch of hard ice underneath the smoke produced by either dry ice...or ???  It was a drink some schmuck would order on a cruise ship.  I asked the manager...who was strolling around... to take the drink back...and please give me a straight Kettle..up.  Another five minutes goes by, and, supposedly, a new drink was delivered.  I noticed that the vodka was very, very cold.  Having consumed thousands of "up" martini's, I have a good idea of how cold vodka can get when stirred in a shaker over ice.  This drink was much, much colder than I have ever had before.    I also observed that there was a definite line on the rim of the glass that was obviously where the ice had formed from the stupid drink they first served.  I asked the manager...and the server...if they had just scrapped the top off the first drink and re-served it.  "Oh no...We dumped the first drink and made you a fresh one!"  That my dear reader, is a fib.  When further questioned, the server said, "Well...we used the same glass from the first drink...and made you a new one. That's why the line was on the rim"  In my humble opinion...They didn;t tell the truth.  What I believe they did...was scrape the ice off the first drink and delivered it back to me.  I would bet $500.00 that was what happened.  So...I will never return.  The food, service, etc., was fine considering the new opening of this place.  The fact that the manager and the server thought I was dumb enough to NOT KNOW a real martini from a screwed up first drink, INSULTED MY INTELLIGENCE.  I guess I wish them good luck, however, I would never return and will take every opportunity to trash the place for the fib I believe I was expected to buy.    Better hurry...as they can;t last long.  Rule 1...NEVER, EVER go cheap.  If the first drink was not right...make me a new one in a clean glass.
4 Kevin Binkley is a great chef and while he may not necessarily be cooking your meal at one of his restaurants, his staff is well-trained and stocked with great fresh ingredients.  This was my first visit to this location and I sat at the bar.  I started with a cup of the butternut squash soup.  It was excellent and flavored with bits of apples, cranberries and walnuts to give it a little crunch and an extra layer of flavor.  My entree was the duck breast.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The port vinaigrette sauce paired perfectly with the rest of the dish.  My only complaint was that the bartender needed some help.  He was very capable but couldn't keep up with the bar crowd.  Again, this isn't a knock on him, but if he had some help he could take the time to engage the customers a little more and refill drinks a little faster.  I'm glad Bink's Scottsdale is here in town.
5 Thank you Kevin for coming into our neighborhood!!!!! Those in the know will certainly agree that binks is a little taste of heaven and a great teaser for interested diners to prepare for Binkley's (the mothership of Kevin & Amy's cuisine).   So far our favorites are the soup (always a delight), the foie gras, and the ricotta with pistachios. I recommend ordering at least 2 seasonally changing veggies dishes highlighting local produce and our personal favorite entree Amy's bolognese.   Our waiter Andrew is knowledgable and accommodating. We have a standing reservation and if you know anything about food you will also. See you there, cheers!
1 very average food, i expected a whole lot better, in th end another pretentious attempt to redefine nothing....i could go on and on, but this particular restaurant do not care about criticism, just groupies will find a voice here.... one tip : when you serve French fries, empty and clean the fryer or pick the fires with a tongue, do not dump the frying basket contents straight to the serving dish,..finding partially dessicated and fossilized old pieces of food at the bottom of your fries basket is a real turn-off....And that is just one example of my experience there !
3 This place being walking distance from the Dr's house, we decided to give it a try.  Crowded with poor spacing between tables.. feels like you have no privacy at all on the 2 tops....We decided to try a number of things to adequately sample the menu.   The butternut squash soup was very nice....as was the arugula salad.   The Dr. loved the jicama salad with a tart whipped cream or sour cream dressing... me, not so much. The roasted sweet potato dish I sent back to the kitchen.. It was carbonized....makes me wonder why any well trained chef would send carbonized food out to a customer.  Our wait person, who was pretty exceptional, immediately took it off the bill.  The entrees of duck breast, really good, and my scallops..30 bucks for 3 very salty and charred on the grill.  All in all it was an ok experience.  Given it's one of Kevin's places I expected it to be much much better than it was...Not sure I'd go back....
5 While we thank Sir Lawrence for reminding us to keep the servants in their place (and woe be to those who do not recognize superiority in their presence), we believe it is clearly the wrong place when speaking of Bink's. After several visits, we have had nothing but exceptional food and service. Staff is welcoming, knowledgeable, and we always end up talking food with them, from their sourced produce to little gem vineyards off the E45. And we always learn.  But, then, we treat the staff as we would like to be treated. Curious how that works...   And just a word about the food, as others are covering that well already:  in the greens we taste the hint of earth from which they came. It is rare and, at least for us, what separates the very best from even the very, very good.   Congratulations to all (even the servants), and welcome to Scottsdale.
3 We just don't get it. Arguably the best food in town. Live across the street from the Café in Carefree and service is a disaster. Midtown is perfecto! Scottsdale must be trained and managed by the same as Café in Carefree. Will go to Midtown when it's convenient. Never see a Mgr checking on patrons and THEY should. Scottsdale today had no host so the Mgr should have done it. We sat ourselves and then walked out as we have done more than once in Carefree.
2 How excited we were for Kevin Binkley to come to our neck of the woods.  Hilton Village is right down the street and an easy dinner out with friends. We made our first visit for a birthday celebration in late December and have the same take away after a wine and appetizer tonight, disappointed on both accounts.   As expected, Kevin Binkley delivered an amazing food experience. Watching him expedite his creations is a thrill and enjoying dishes from Sweetbreads to Bolognese was memorable.  Let's not forget the amazing warm buckwheat rolls with honey butter!  Where your concept falls flat, with both experiences your staff  was unfriendly, lacking knowledge of your menu, and missing the mark in a warm welcome ( or good bye for that matter )  We want more than anything for you to succeed, loved your specialty popcorn and will return for the Bolognese no doubt.    Working out the kinks of a new restaurant, yes.  Great food with poor service, no.  Wishing you the best, hoping 3rd time is a charm for us!  Shaun and Martine Scottsdale Arizona
2 Disappointed as we live down the street and hit many restaurants in the Hilton area.   We ordered take out for our first experience, no napkins,offer for plastic silverware, no bread, etc. just a very big grocery style paper bag with 3 small boxes.  The portion size was VERY small for the amount of $$$ they are asking.   The Paella was drowned in the sauce lost the taste of the "quality" vegetables and it didn't have any flavor other than the sauce, definitely not worth $17 for an entree.  Butternut squash soup was good as well as the Kale salad, decent but high priced at $10 per item.  Overall not very impressed with the food.  Place looked nice and they had a separated bar from the restaurant with TV's which where i waited for takeout.  Staff was nice and courteous.
4 I've eaten at Bink's in Scottsdale three times since it opened, and the food is delicious. The taste is in the details. I could tell that everything was made from scratch including sauces, dips, and all of the bread.  The butter that comes with the buckwheat biscuits alone makes me want to return.  They have a KILLER HAPPY HOUR, too. Get the sweetbread nuggets and mussels.
2 This restaurant is all smoke and mirrors.  In an effort to be cutting edge, the food is betrayed, masked, and insignificant. The bone marrow appetizer was a large bone cut in half with less than a teaspoon of marrow.  It was surrounded by fruit infused sauce (which tasted good, but hey, where's the beef?)  My husband ordered green chili which was chili paste (surrounded by the fruity sauce) on an English muffin!  I must admit the duck medallions were delicious, but the portion would be hard pressed to translate as an entrée.  The Bolognese my husband ordered was salty almost a puree; no body.  Served with polenta??  Mush on mush.  The orange soup for dessert made a spectacular presentation.  Our server dramatically poured liquid nitrogen over the ice cream and poppy cake splashing some in my lap.  Again the presentation got a 10, the taste a 5.  Won't be back!
2 This is right in our hood so we were very excited that an esteemed chef chose this locale.  We showed up at 730p on a Friday. There were no tables so we decided to sit at the bar.  The bartender was a really nice guy. We were impressed it was busy, thinking that was a good sign.  And that's where being impressed ended.  The food was a total failure. The bread they brought was like a cookie/muffin served with a warm mayonnaise or butter on the side. No good.  For appetizers we got the octopus. It was served in a BBQ sauce. The flavor was actually quite clever but the octopus was overcooked and rubbery.   We also got the mussels which were cooked perfectly, but the curry seasoning kind of fell flat. All in all the best thing we got.  My wife ordered the bolognese. This was a greasy puréed sauce with a mush polenta. The crostini served with it was dripping with grease. From a texture standpoint, horrible. The whole dish was like porridge. This is something you would serve to an old person with no teeth. Or a baby. Do babies eat polenta?  I got the steak in vinaigrette. I substituted bok choy for the potato. The steak was cooked well, but my whole plate was covered in oil. My bok choy was actually dripping with grease like my wife's crostini.   We both had to take Pepto when we got home from all the grease.  Overall an epic fail for the kitchen. Celebrity chefs should be on notice after the closing of Searsucker- get in the kitchen or get out of town.
4 Our experience was super pleasant as opposed to others who've yelped about the new Binks Scottsdale. Hubby and I went tonight casually for an early dinner and was courteously welcomed and seated with water right away.  The decor was super lovely and it was very apparent there was significant $$$ infusion for the elegant bar and overall interior. The kitchen was comparatively spacier and a peep through glass window allowed us a view to within.  Was pleasantly surprised to see Chef Binkley arrive soon after us dressed in their casual Bink work attire, must be hard to do the rounds now with so many outlets and fans.   Ordered the barbecue octopus, which delicately balanced the tangy BBQ sauce with a buttery mayo aioli. But most surprising was the combination flavors of the tender octopus with celery leaves, a duo us Asians would seldom imagine. Tonight's app was neither chewy or overdone, simply a success.  Then as we were both craving the burger, we were shocked to not see it on the dinner menu. Boldly asking our friendly waiter whether the kitchen would cater to our needs, he promptly returned minutes later that the chef would prepare the bacon infused patties straight away. The reasoning for not being present on the menu is they are prominent happy hour selections thus the restaurant doesn't want to over promise in case of selling out during HH.  We love the option for a quickie bite in Scottsdale and will definitely return as the menu evolves,
3 I had the chicken salad and it was tasty. Atmosphere was nice, servers were nice. Just had a water so I can't comment on the beverages. I would go back to try the burger but I do wish there was a little bit more to choose from.
3 I expected to be impressed and wasn't. The service was appalling. Sure it was busy, but what do expect on a Friday night in Scottsdale at the height of the season. Maybe you think about calling in enough servers. The menu was odd. None of the entrees appealed to me. My husband liked the duck. I would have ordered scallops but didn't feel like paying $31. I had the kale salad. It was okay but have had better ones elsewhere. We did love the French fries and the cauliflower. Even though it's only 5 minutes from our house we probably won't go back. Too bad. What a disappointment.
1 I don't even know where to begin with this nightmare. We arrived and went to the hostess stand where we were ignored until the three staff members stopped talking, which took about 4 minutes. We were seated, and the busboy came and got our drink orders, one arnold palmer, and a water w/ a slice of orange.  The arnold palmer came, but the glass of water w/ ice and orange never arrived. It took us a while to order because I have allergies to many things on the menu (NOT their fault, or issue). We finally ordered 4 ribs, 1 buratta and fries. The food was poor, at best. The buratta only comes with 3 crostini, for 2 people. The ribs had a great taste, but they were overcooked, and the fries were too thick, and the sauces were a huge fail. I had to ask for my water w/ orange, my guests drink was never refilled. When the waiter dropped dropped off the bill to be signed he did not say ONE SINGLE WORD...not thank you, not f*ck you, not anything. The service is a complete FAILURE, and the food is a mess.
4 We also had a good experience.  I had walked by a couple of times and it looked interesting, so we tried it.  The atmosphere, the food and the service were all good.  We went mid-week and it was not very crowded, but the service was attentive without being intrusive.  I had the beet salad and my husband had the ramen soup.  I think I enjoyed mine more than he did his, but both were good.  We split the sand dabs and it was a perfect amount and well-prepared. I had actually wanted to order the bolognese, but was put-off by all the negative reviews.    The crowd was mixed - some young, some older, some in-between.  I think they should expand the menu a bit so that locals are tempted to go more often.
2 I had heard rave reviews of the Bink restaurants and was excited for my first foray.  Well, that excitement was soon tempered by a less-than-stellar experience.  We arrived and were seated.  I took a good 7 minutes for us to even be acknowledged at our seats.  Finally, we asked for some water which was brought to us with a perfunctory "sorry."  Then, we had to ASK for bread.  Finally, our drink orders were taken, and we waited for our drinks in the time it would've taken to ferment a glass of wine.  The gimlet I had was just meh.  I've had better.    Then, it took forever for the waiter to take our food order.  Once he did, we waited, and waited.....and waited.   He then told us that they were short-staffed that night and was profusely apologetic.  That helped ease the experience, but frankly not enough.  The butternut squash soup was good, but overall the food wasn't great.  The cauliflower tasted like they had haphazardly emptied their entire artisanal salt shaker onto it.  It wasn't worth complaining about, because by the time we could get anyone's attention and a new order it would've been a good hour.  I recommend the push-pop dessert which was made with lime sorbet and oatmeal ice cream.  It tasted like a key lime pie.  It was made ahead of time so was actually brought out rather quickly.
4 We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation, wide-eyed from the hideous traffic jam we had encountered on the 101.  Our sympathetic, attentive hostess immediately brought us a drink.  What a great intro!  When shown to our table (I hate banquette seating), we requested instead an outdoor table.  We were quickly and cheerfully accommodated.  After my chair was switched out for something more comfortable (I am a wide load) and the tippy table was adjusted (all done, again, cheerfully & quickly), we were finally ready to order.  First course:  mussels with a cocoanut curry sauce and the sweetbreads.  Mussels were great; sauce was top-notch.  My sweetbreads were completely overwhelmed with a breading and pungent sweet and sour sauce.  What a criminal thing to do to delicate sweetbreads.  PLEASE find another way to serve these  delicacies which are so seldom found on a menu!  We politely requested (for a second time) more focaccia bread to sop up all that curry-cocoanut goodness.  I don't really think "I heard you the first time, I didn't think you were kidding" is an appropriate response from a waiter.  The wait--and the snark--were worth it, though, when the hot focaccia finally appeared (with an apology from our second waiter) The crust was unbelievable buttery.  Our second, younger waiter was an obvious foodie, so enthusiastic about the food, and made up for the rudeness of the first.  Next course was a plate of cold thinly sliced yellow beets with feta, which my table mate loved, and the barbecued octopus.  The octopus had a wonderful char, and was tender, a feat I admire, as every time I try to prepare octopus it tastes like my car tires.  It was, unfortunately showered in a delicious but too copious sauce.  Please let some of these dishes speak for themselves, people!  Finally, dessert was a very yummy pudding-textured chocolate cake with a soft marshmallow topping.  The tempo of the meal was rather leisurely, but the place was really hopping for an early Wednesday evening.  We are big fans of Binkley's in Cave Creek, and particularly love Bink's cafe, which is practically our neighborhood hangout, so it was fun to try a new Binkleys.  We will be back, as I am dying to try the marrow, the fois gras, the sand dabs...the list goes on and on.
5 I went to Binks in Scottsdale last night and had an amazing dinner! We were greeted with a smile and immediately got seated in a wonderful spot with a cool view of all the happenings in the kitchen. The Sangria was perfect with pomegranate ice cubes that improved the taste of the drink as I enjoyed it over appetizers and dinner. We started with the mussels- wonderful curry aroma! We shared the trout (cooked to perfection!), Amy's bolognaise and polenta, roasted cauliflower (my personal favorite) and asparagus. Everything was absolutely delicious and we will return to try some other choices on the menu that also sounded wonderful. The service was impeccable and our server (Dylan) was delightful and knowledgeable about food. What a great addition to the neighborhood!
5 I had a salon appointment near by and I was searching for a quick bite and found Binks. I asked for a Menu and Nick the server, gave me the happy hour and dinner options as well as their brunch and lunch. I wasn't sure about the food on the menu at first, so I decided to walk to the restaurant next door and then I found myself back right back at Binks.  Nick ended up serving me and I'm glad I came back because everything was fantastic. I ordered the octopus app- delicious complicated flavors working well together. I ordered a glass of gruner vetliner, which he described very well, and I thoroughly enjoyed- they really do have a great wine list..,and then I had chocolate pudding cake for dessert.  I'm a sucker for great service and great food. I will be back. The patio is charming,
4 The space here is very comfortable especially at the bar where my fiance and I tend to like to sit. Menu is very interesting so we stepped outside our comfort zone to try...1) Bone marrow, which was very flavorful and rich and went well as a spread on the crusty bread that was provided; a little bit of a texture issue for me but my so loved it and it was good to try something new,  2) sweatbreads, aka cow glands that were prepared very similar to orange chicken; very tasty, melted in your mouth, 3) inidvidual deep friend ribs which had a unique suace that was excellent, and 4) a chopped salad while not so bold it was excllent and was a good balance to the other items.  The small plates / sharing concept works well here which we like for claroie count and budget. We are looking gforward to trying some of the entrees. Give it an A minus.
4 Very, very much a fan. Had a nice dinner outside at Bink's Scottsdale last night. Our waiter, Chad was menu-knowledgeable and we enjoyed the food very much. Having been to Bink's Midtown a few months back, and not loving our meals, we were hesitant to try Bink's Scottsdale, but I'm happy to report that we very much enjoyed the experience. The three of us shared the kale and quinoa salad, fries, sweet potatoes, smashed potatoes, cauliflower, bolognese, rainbow trout, mussels, chocolate puddin' cake and frozen orange soup. I wouldn't order the smashed potatoes or the frozen orange soup again, but everything else was excellent.  Very affordable meal for that area of town as well. Highly recommended!
5 Excellent.  Hit the bar first for a unique cocktail.  Menu consists of ever changing innovative small plates
3 Nothing bad, but nothing remarkable. The restaurant was not particularly busy when the three of us arrived and we sat at the bar. Service was mixed...more than once we had to remind the bartenders what we wanted. Drinks were decent if not spectacular (they seem to love using liquid nitrogen to no obvious purpose...I would call it "Scottsdale pretentiousness"). The popcorn was good. The fries were also good...though the three sauces were all rather weak. The "bread" tasted like baking soda and little else. If you want very good Chinese orange chicken, order the sweetbreads...just don't expect them to taste like sweetbreads...the sauce overwhelmed. The octopus was well prepared, but the sauce masked the flavor of the octopus. The bacon burger was decent but nothing special...I'll take the Big Ass Burger at Roaring Fork any time. The Sloppy Joe was a decent example of this kind of sandwich...but it was still just a Sloppy Joe. And finally the donuts were OK, nothing special. Overall, nothing bad, but nothing remarkable either.
5 I've been here twice - once for dinner and once for happy hour - both times my experience was fantastic. Service has been very attentive and food is great.   When I was here for dinner, I ordered the trout as a main course - cooked and prepared perfectly. They have a great selection of sides featuring local, seasonal produce - we tried the asparagus and beats, both were excellent.   Their happy hour is hard to beat - a good selection of small menu items and drink/wine specials.  I wish it went later than 6:00!
5 The Food and Service surpassed my expectations by leaps and bounds.   They started us out with these tasty fresh complimentary donut holes with maple butter.  As busy as our waitress Sara was waiting on Tables all over the restaurant and Patio she still managed to give us amazing service making us feel very welcomed and comfortable ordering.   All the food we were served was paced out really perfect.  The Velvety Curry Pear Soup was very good with sweetness and spices and the bowl was painted with Hibiscus that gave it an interesting unexpected twang.  We also shared the Local Roasted Cauliflower. The combination of Charred Sweet Onions, Capers, Dried Fruit, Taleggio Cheese, Toasted Pine Nuts and Chives made the Cauliflower very special and couldn't be anything except delicious.  I had the Spinach Salad. It had everything going on with it and was very balanced. Dates, Pickled Onions, Kumquats, Labne and Harissa Vinaigrette. Every bite was a pleasure. I had added Chicken as Sara suggested and it seemed like it was carefully Sous Vide possibly at 146 degrees for two to maybe four hours meaning that it was perfect.  Even the Chef as busy as he was went beyond his duties running food, busing tables and treating the restaurant as if it was his own. The Binkley's should be proud they have some outstanding staff.  I don't know if next time will be five stars but I am certain if it isn't it will be close.
4 Food was amazing. Friend and I grazed on apps and sides and were very pleased and full! Glad I gave this place a shot in lieu of their current yelp of 3.5 stars.
4 Small yet cozy restaurant.  Friendly staff. Kid's menu and booster seat available. Delicious bread, cheese appetizers w/delicious paté.  Honey-glazed pork and ribeye were tender and delicious.  Fries are home made and delicious..!!
4 We've been to Binkley's and Bink's Midtown and had to complete the trifecta by going to Bink's Scottsdale.  TL;DR: This scores and fits perfectly between Binkley's in Carefree (5 stars) and Midtown (3+ stars). If you love Binkley's but don't want the drive, this would be a nice alternative; the attention to detail is good, ambiance is comfortable and staff inviting. Just don't expect the over-the-top details like Carefree.   I cannot give Binkley's (Carefree) a 5-star-review and score Scottsdale the same, so for that reason, this location gets 4. It's very good. Go and enjoy your meal. You won't be upset!  Long review: We visited the Bink's Scottsdale this weekend which was Mother's Day. That may make this review not as helpful since it was brunch all-you-can-eat style (which I don't think they do regularly). Regardless, my experience was great.  This feels to be the smallest establishment of the 3, but might be about the same as Carefree. I found the ambiance to be in agreement with the other two, but felt slightly more up-classed than Midtown.   The brunch featured many "regulars": an array of breads, both sweet and savory, roast beef, salmon, sausage, bacon, eggs-to-order, and a small sampling of deserts.   The lowlights: the bacon was amazingly tasteless, and we were provided a choice of 2 deserts (lemon and chocolate).   The highlights: the salmon, while a staple in many buffets was unbelievable. It was buttery and soft and delicate. They offered two unique items: pork belly and grits. Both were outstanding, with the latter plate-licking delicious. The grits were paired with a rich and spicy sausage and shrimp gravy. The pork was paired with "kimchee pickles" which also had a nice kick.  We visited with children - a trip I would never do had it not been a special occasion. The staff were perfectly pleasant despite the kids, and were happy to dote on their needs. We never felt rushed and leisurely enjoyed a long afternoon at the restaurant.  I am of the strong belief that Binkley's-Carefree is the finest establishment we have in the greater Phoenix area for the "foodies." [Virtu is on my to-do list, but they appear to have a great offering.] I cannot - in good conscience - score his Scottsdale establishment as high as the original, and for that reason alone I have to give it a 4 star.  Bravo.
5 The food and service surpassed my expectations by leaps and bounds.   I enjoyed a great meal here about two weeks back and wondered if lightening could strike twice.  The $30.00 three course Restaurant Week Menu with Optional $15.00 Wine or Beer Pairing was Phenomenal.  I soon received my first course of Tempura Eggplant sprinkled with Bonito Flakes, Shaved Jalapeño and Black Garlic Vinaigrette. The Tempura was nice and crispy and the eggplant was creamy not soggy. The shaved Jalapeño added the right kick and the Black Garlic Vinaigrette added the right sweetness. It also was a bonus that the serving was large so my husband got to try that one out too.   My main course was the Baked Trout with super great Red Potatoes. The Trout came out on this cast iron dish that was extremely hot with herb butter. The fish was nice and fresh and very moist. I thought it would over cook but it didn't and remained moist and hot and was simplistic but perfect and tasted great. The Red Potatoes were Amazing and were cooked perfect with crispy edges so creamy on the inside and seasoned well. They were embellished with Chopped Egg and White Anchovy Vinaigrette and were excellent. The portion was big and my husband happily helped me eat them too. The wine pairing was a buttery Chardonnay and I normally Hate Chardonnay it's usually my least favorite wine but the pairing was magical with this dish.  I'm a sucker for Passion Fruit so I went for the Coconut Mousse that came with Passionfruit Curd Blueberry Cake Ginger and Coconut Flakes. The Mousse was unlike any Mousse I ever had before. It had a hard shell that I suspect to involve Molecular Gastronomy. Light as cloud Mousse came out when you broke the shell and complimented the intense delicious Passion Fruit Curd and everything else on the plate.  Service, Food and Value were Outstanding!
2 This is probably the most painful negative review I've written, because I've never had a complaint about anything Kevin Binkley has done. In fact, I always make a point to take visitors from out of town to his restaurants because it is so consistently good.  However, this visit for restaurant week was less than impressive. Now, the service was fantastic, so I have no complaints there. The waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and just great all-around. But the food was just not up to par. From the restaurant week menu, I ordered the Tempura Fried Eggplant, Pork Schnitzel, and the Coconut Mousse. The tempura was well-fried, but so bland. It came with some dipping oil, and that had some flavor, but I just couldn't believe that the entire dish was so bland. I would have thought there would be some seasoning in the tempura batter. That wasn't the worst though. The pork schnitzel came out nicely fried, but DRENCHED in butter. I probably ate a quarter of my serving because I was trying to avoid the gelatinized butter which covered the majority of my dish. The parts that were not covered in butter were tasty, but unfortunately there wasn't much of it. Had the butter been drizzled, it would have probably been okay, but there was a lake of butter on my pork, which then rendered the schnitzel soggy. The dessert was fantastic, which I expected. I did expect a bigger portion given the portions of everything else we received. My other complaint was the wine pairing. I knew that for an added $15 I wasn't going to get three full glasses of wine, but I didn't even receive three half glasses of wine. I think the three glasses together may have added up to a half glass. I'd have been better off ordering a full glass of wine off the regular menu.  Bottom line, I was just really really disappointed in this experience. It almost seems as though they want to deter people from ordering the restaurant week menu, or they don't want people who are visiting for restaurant week to return. If that was in fact what they were trying to do, it has most likely worked with me.
3 Nice and sober neighborhood gem.  It was restaurant week so I had that menu plus the truffle fries, a cheese board and the asparagus.  Don't bother with the asparagus. The rest was pretty decent plus the price was fair.   The desert was pretty good. A coconut frozen ball with a liquid filling.   I'll go back to try the regular menu.  Cheers
4 I came here with high expectations(obviously Binkley's) and was not let down. The mussels appetizer along with the barbecue octopus were magnificent. I will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu
4 This was our first visit to this restaurant. It was generally a good experience. Service was an issue at first. There were only a half dozen tables occupied in the restaurant but the only server couldn't keep up. Someone from the bar helped sometimes but we had a bit of a wait to get seated, order beverages and order food. Our food order also was delayed. We weren't in a hurry. We found an interesting Sicilian white wine for our lunch. It went well with our appetizer  and sandwiches. The mussels were good with coconut/curry flavors though late in the lunch hour we had more shells than mussels. My sand dab sandwich was ok. A baguette seemed to me too big for fish and coleslaw in a sandwich. My wife really liked her chicken salad sandwich. My side salad had a nice dressing and nice additions. The order of fries was enormous. The dipping sauces were interesting but not necessarily better than regular ketchup. We shared pudding for dessert. It was great. Four stars is fair though 3.5 is what I would choose if I could cut a star in half.
