4 Sadly Al's Beef is gone but Fired Pie is a nice addition to the Northsight neighborhood!    I came here today for a late lunch. There were no cars parked in front and the inside was cavernously and deserted. Fired Pie I've learned believes their market is providing "a fast, casual and customizable options for your pizza or salad desires. We use local brews, organic foods, cognizant of sustainability and the ..."  Yeah, yeah but do they make a good pie?  In a word, yes.   This, in some ways, is the pizza world's answer to Jimmy Johns. In essences, "Pizza so Fast you'll Freak!"  LOL  They cook their pies in a wood fired 700° F degree oven, so they're done in less than four minutes. Nice!  The crust is ultra thin and the toppings are very good (see photos). I'm not sure if one individual 10" pie will satisfy you if you have a hardy appetite. But I thought it was very good and filling.    I had the Tomato & Basil, which has the look of a Margherita pizza, but Fired Pie adds garlic and several types of cheeses for a nice taste.    The cost was a fair $7.75 (not including tax) and seems like a good alternative to the sandwich/subs guys over near the 101 and Pima.  Specialty pizzas are $2.00 extra.   So Three and half Stars+, A-Okay!
5 Big fan of Fired Pie and the separated at birth MyPie.  I'm glad Fired just opened one 15 miles closer to us.  Lots of great toppings and crisp lavosh style crust.
4 Great pizza concept. Quality ingredients and you can choose whatever toppings you want and it's the same price just under $8. It's a 10 inch and just about right for one person. Nice staff and recommend this place. Is it the best pizza ever? No. But it's pretty damn good.
5 AMAZING!!! (see photos) FAST!!! (cooks in 2 minutes)  LOW COST!!! ($7.95 with 5+ toppings)  This is a make your own pizza place, but unlike Cosmo Kramer's idea on Seinfeld, they work the food and oven.  You just tell them what toppings to add and you watch as they do it 2 feet in front of you.    You can say 'easy on the cheese' or 'more tomato sauce' or 'add more bacon & fresh garlic' and since you watch as it's being done it comes out PERFECT every time.  All pizzas are personal size, the crust is so light and airy that it doesn't feel heavy, gluten free is available too. This is THE perfect lunch-break restaurant; quick cheap and amazing food quality...  I have sent many people here and it's a 100% thumbs up so far. Nothing like a personal FIRED PIE customized to perfection fresh out of the oven.   Try it, tell 'em IKE sent u.
4 Excellent addition to the neighborhood. $7.75 for any pizza or create your own with as many toppings as you like. All one price.
5 No complaints. The service was perfect. Two college kids with great attitudes and friendly service. They walked us through how it worked and even cleaned off our area while we sat and talked.  The decor was modern and very hip. Not a huge fan of the graffiti but it gives it individual sense of style. The pizza place really stands out I comparison to any resteraunt I've been to due to it's system and decorum.  Lots of toppings and because they have such a hot fiery oven it can heat up numerous toppings .  Items looked fresh and up to code no wilted veggies and the spinach is put into olive oil?   Also had a steak and blue salad. Just right amount of balsamic and cheese. Great portions for 20 dollars I was so full and ready for a nap.   First place I've been to in Scottsdale that really impressed me.
5 Saw this new place and decided to try it. Everything was fresh and delicious. For the price, it cannot be beat. I highly recommend the pizza and salad. I will definitely be back!!
3 Decent enough pizza that gets good lunch play because of an attractive price point and quick service.
4 I'm a fan!  I was a bit leery about making my own pizza subway-style but as I chose all my toppings that I wanted on my pizza, I sat and waited.  They called out my name and the pizza looked impressive.  It was more of a thin-crust pizza and when I took a bite, I was won over!  My pizza tasted just the way I had hoped.  I will definitely be coming back again as this place is literally blocks from my work.
3 This concept makes a lot of sense.  A quick pizza at a reasonable price.  Choose a pizza off their menu or create your own.  My creation had sausage, olives and basil and it was delicious if I do say so myself.
5 Who doesn't love Chipolte.... Good thing I love pizza more and at fired pie i get to choose all of toppings including cheese and sauce all for the same price.  Pizza was pretty big and very tasty.  I can't wait to go back.
5 Super fresh and delicious, with friendly service too!  I will be telling all of our local friends and neighbors to come here instead of Rays and NYPD that are just around the corner.  What a great deal if you like getting lots of toppings since you can add whatever you want. We will be back very soon!    Fired Pie, welcome to the area!
4 Miles says four stars means I like it a lot!  "I like the taste, it tastes like really good pizza...the crust is really thin so you can actually eat it...it's not doughy, it's crispy".  We'll try a salad next time.  By the way, Miles is nine and my food critic :-)
4 I love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  The pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  I am a fan of this place and will be back.  The place is cool and happy.
4 Pretty good. I love the fact you can customize your pizza however you want and they don't charge extra for it. Even subway charges for bacon or extra cheese. Reasonable price in my opinion since it will feed you for at least two meals. Taste was very fresh even on a slow Sunday night.
3 It's okay. I wasn't really blown away. The pizza comes out of the oven freaky fast but I've had better pizzas at Peter Piper. I get that you can pick out your ingredients "Chipotle Style". But realistically, isn't that the standard feature for every other pizza joint? They also serve salads. So I would sum this place up as a poor man's "Sauce".
5 Great new spot for made to order pizzas that come out in just 2 min fully cooked. Fresh ingredients and welcoming staff that is always helpful. Great idea, try it out you won't be disappointed.
5 Damn! It looks like I am adding a new place to the lunch rotation...  I was a skeptic. I totally understand and appreciate the Chipotle restaurant model for serving food in a quick manner, but I assumed pizza would take a hit. I was mistaken, and couldn't be happier to admit that I was wrong to prejudge.  I've been to Fired Pie a few times now, and I've had two custom pies, and a salad. There is absolutely no way you'll leave hungry. The pies are delicious, and the toppings are fresh...depending on the toppings you get, there's not much room for complaining. As for the salads, they are just as good, and you can load them up to your heart's content. I had their chipotle ranch, and actually had a nice little kick.  Fired Pie took an awesome food, mixed it with a solid restaurant concept, and nailed it by keeping it simple...all while only charging $7.75 per pie/salad! I am a big fan, and I hope they're super successful. Go.
5 A super healthy alternative to a greasy on the go lunch or dinner choice.   The selections are all fresh, healthy, generous in portion, value priced and high quality. The staff were full of smiles too, so that was great!  The pizza looks delish, but I chose to build my own salad. It was really tasty, and I'm glad I found this place!
3 I recently read someone complain about reviews that start off "I wanted to love this place but..." However, that's exactly how I want to start this review.   I've only been in once and it will not be my last time. I just don't think I'm super excited to come back right away.   It wasn't the food that disappointed me as much as the service.   I ordered a salad and explained that I did not want peppers. It went something along the lines of this...  Me: I'll take the Spicy Southwest Salad with no peppers Her: You got it (as she's putting lettuce in a box)  Her to him: No peppers (as she hands him my lettuce) Him: OK Me: No peppers, No Peppers, NO PEPPERS, NO PEPPERS, NO PEPPERS ughhhhh Him: Oh you didn't want peppers!?  Me: Nope  Him: *Picks most of them off* Me: Thanks  =\  There wasn't an "I'm sorry" or "do you mind if I just pick them off and leave you with a salad covered in pepper juice".  I asked the cashier for plastic silverware to go. She pointed towards the area where you can help yourself to silverware but there wasn't any to-go.   No one was helpful, everyone seemed to be annoyed with working.    Maybe next time will be better....maybe.
5 My boyfriend and I went in here a few days ago to see what they replaced Al's with, and we were not disappointed! This place is great! It has a very Subway/Chipolte vibe, with lots of fresh ingredients, and a make it your own philosophy.  We were greeted right away and asked if we had been there before. We said we had not, and they walked us through it all. It was fast, filling, and tasty! I made a BBQ chicken pizza with bacon, and he had a buffalo chicken pizza with bacon. Next time, I think I will try one of the salads!  I love the simplicity of the pricing, and there are no charges for extra cheese, or even adding a second meat. for both of us, drinks included, we paid less than $21.00! That is actually less than a lunch at Subway or Chipolte with some of the add ons.   All in all, a great experience! We will definitely be back!
5 Thin crust wood fired pizzas with fresh ingredients. The best pizza I've had in a long  time. Devoured the whole pie. Amazing.
4 Love the whole subway concept for pizza. I don't know whats better the pizza or the price!
2 If I were to write a movie about my experience at Fired Pie, it would be a complete comedy of errors titled "Is Anyone Here Listening To Me?"  Fired Pie has been on my radar since it's close to where I live and I could basically live off pizza if I had to (and even if I didn't have to). The glowing Yelp reviews helped make our choice to go in for an early dinner on Friday.  The experience of making your own pizza and choosing your own toppings is awesome...if the people behind the counter are actually listening to you. Here is, verbatim, how it went when it was my turn:  Guy: "What can I get started for you?" Me: "I'll have the veggie pizza, but with pesto instead of red sauce" Guy: "Sure" *immediately picks up red sauce and puts all over my pizza* Me: "...can I have some pesto on there too?" Guy: "Yeah. What kind of cheese?" Me: "...um. Mozzerella." Guy: *Puts mozz on my pizza, slides it down to toppings area* Me: "Can I please have some pesto on there too?" Guy: "Oh, sure" *drizzles small spiral of pesto over cheese*  So. That's how that started.   The girl who handled my toppings seemed to have no idea what went on their menu-standard veggie. We both kept having to look back at the one menu on the side wall (they should definitely invest in an over-the-back-counter menu ala every other fast/casual food joint for ease) and check to make sure she got it correct. She wasn't sure what went on my boyfriend's pesto chicken pie either.   Speaking of boyfriend, he also handled to ordering for the field greens and roasted veggie salad we wanted. First guy lined up two salad bowls, so it looks like they split them there with no problem. Great! He also asked that they sub the balsamic out for italian dressing, which guy said would be no problem.  Once our pizzas rode the struggle bus out of the toppings area, we were asked for our names to write on the paper that our pizza slid onto in the oven, to keep everyone straight. We told them our order was for there, ordered drinks from the woman at the end of the line and sat down at a booth, after we picked up our own silverware and parm/red pepper shakers. Hopefully we could get over our ordering disaster and eat some delicious pizza!  I heard my name called and looked to the counter to see two pizza boxes and a boxed salad sitting on top (complete with a side of...you guessed it...balsamic dressing.) I couldn't do anything but laugh; it was the perfect ending to this nightmare of an order. First guy behind the counter had even taken out two bowls for our salad TO EAT THERE! Boyfriend was about to have a stress embolism so I scooped up our food and got the hell out of there. "We would literally have to order the opposite of what we wanted for it to come out right the first time," he said in the car. Basically.  Why the second star? I have to be fair, the food was absolutely delicious. The pizza's crust was really on point and the salad was completely filled with roasted veggie toppings (and even better once I added my own dressing from our fridge.) But it was downright insulting to have NO ONE working there listening to us. I don't understand at all. Was it an off night? Was it an off team working? Did they hate us for some reason? I doubt I can convince the boyfriend to go back, so maybe I'll never know. Dang.
5 I am all about being able to customize my order without upsetting a waiter and this custom pizza ordering style place has become an instant favorite.  The first time I went here I topped my pie with almost every veggie they had and it turned out amazing. Which is sometimes hard to do when you put a lot of veggies on a pizza. They don't skimp you with topping either, this personal sized pizza will fill you up. The thin crust style is perfect in regards to taste and crunchiness.   The second time I came here I decided to try out a salad. Again, I could completely customize it with their buffet style ordering line, and no surprise it was delicious as well, and the size made it very filling.  I think the best thing to do here is go with someone else, one person order a pizza, one a salad and you split it. Best of both worlds in my opinion!!
5 After a second visit, I am happy to bump up my rating to 5 stars!!   Noon probably wasn't the best time to come, but they get you through that line very quickly. Everyone was professional, friendly and on their "A-Game"! My buddy ordered a pizza to go and they offered to put it in the food warmer to keep it nice and toasty while we enjoyed our lunch.   I ordered the tomato basil pizza with mushrooms and it was fantastic. When it was handed to the guy running the oven, he asked the guy to toss on a few more mushrooms. I liked that he took the time to look over the pizza to make sure it was up to his standards.   This location is now in our regular lunch rotation (on days I'm not convinced I should be on a diet).
2 One of the owners of Fired Pie reached out to me after reading my initial review. He apologized for our bad experience, said it was not up to their standards and offered to send me a gift card to try them out again. I accepted, and was really happy to see someone higher up caring about customers.  We called in an order last night, exactly the same as before. One veggie pie with pesto instead of red sauce, one pesto chicken pie and a roasted veggie salad with Italian instead of balsamic. My boyfriend had the call on speaker and I heard the girl repeat our order back to him just as we wanted it. Great!  Apparently all did not go as smooth as it sounded when he went to go pick up our food. First, the girl at the register didn't know how to run the gift card. Then, when our order was 10 cents over the gift card's $25 amount, she gave my boyfriend back the wrong change. (He only had a $20 on him and she initially gave him back $19.10 instead of $19.90)   THEN we get home and all looks well...except my pie has red sauce on it. Fired Pie, do you have a personal vendetta against me eating pesto or what?! I started cracking up, and boyfriend vowed that he'll never go there again. It SUCKS, because the food is so great! We received the correct dressing this time for the salad, which was delish! It just goes to show how little service details can really make or break a place for us. Luckily for Fired Pie, it looks like basically everyone else going there has four or five star experiences...I guess we're just outta luck.
5 Awesome fresh from the oven thin crust pizza pies as you request & bangin' Bellinis? Yes please!! Super friendly & efficient service? Thank you!! Was quiet when mom & I were there.  The steak & blue was fantastic & awesome with the garlic powder! Great idea :-) will be back for the BBQ Hawaiian for sure! Put some bacon on it for me!!
5 This place is awesome! We came after school for some food and they have GREAT pizza. It's customizable, like Subway for pizza, and 11" pizza for $7.75. The quality is outstanding and I would 100% recommend it to anyone looking for a good food experience. I will definitely be coming back with more friends!
4 I have been to Fired Pie twice now and each time it has been delicious. The first time my husband and I came on a Sunday around 8pm. The place was dead - the only people inside were the employees. That was fine by me as we were able to place our to-go order quickly. The second visit was with my husband and my father on a Wednesday at 6:30pm. Again, the place was pretty dead but they actually had a few other customers. (Definitely not packed!)  If you haven't been, the concept is you walk up, tell them if you want a salad or a pizza and then they make it right in front of you. For pizza, they ask what kind of sauce (marinara, pesto, alfredo, garlic/oil), what kind of cheese (mozzarella, feta, blue cheese), and then pick your toppings. They have several different types of meat and vegetables to choose from. My perfect pizza has artichokes, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, Kalamata olives, and garlic. We've tried their sausage and chicken - both are good. I prefer the pesto, but I'd like to try to alfredo sauce. Additionally, we've tried the pizza cookie - which is tiny but delicious. Definitely learned our lesson and will order separate desserts next time. ;)  Overall, I really like the concept. It's fast, customizable, and super quick to get your meal. That pizza is literally done in 5 minutes and cooked to perfection! I will definitely be back!
5 We loved the fast & tasty pizzas and the service was STELLAR! They genuinely cared & checked in with us (even though they didn't have to). Impressed! Will be back for sure!!
5 Been there several times and have really enjoyed their made to order salads and pizza. My husband loves it too. I love that the pizza comes out piping hot. Service is fast and very friendly and they have made some really good suggestions. Great thin crust pizzas.
5 I'm telling you this pizza and the whole concept is fantastic this pizza is great with fresh ingredients served quickly and in a fun friendly clean environment
5 Decided to try this place out for dinner with my boyfriend and we loved it! We both decided to create our own pizzas. The process was really fast! We just selected what we wanted on there and then it took about 10 minutes to cook. I was only able to eat half of mine but my boyfriend (who eats a lot) ate all of his! It was even good the next day warmed up in the oven. Also, the prize is good. We definitely plan on going back soon...aka tomorrow!
4 This is an interesting restaurant concept. Custom ultra thin crust pizzas that are cooked quickly with quality ingredients.   The salads are also good and generous portions.   Very simple menu, just pizzas and salads.   Beer served.
5 For semi fast food, this is an excellent choice. Yummy salads and pizza with super fresh ingredients. I found the staff to be friendly.
5 Seriously addicted to this place.  What an amazing concept of the fast casual pizza place that has great topic choices and more than two types of cheeses!! I love that you can literally load on the topics for the build your own choice and they dont charge extra. The people are always friendly and personable even if they are in the middle of the hectic lunch rush!  Love this place, the food and the concept!
4 Pizza is decent, very filling! Had the pepperoni, pineapple, mozzarella, fresh mozzarella and jalapeño toppings on my pizza. They have ALMOST gluten free crusts. Whatever that means. I would love to try a salad here. I'd probably save a couple bucks on the iced tea variety available since it was really bland and pretty much tastes like plain H2O. Not a bad price for what you get overall. Nice people working this spot. It reminds me of a Subway line in regard to the way you order and customize your food. Welcome to the neighborhood!
4 What took me so long to find this place?  Salads and pizza both fantastic and fast.  This is the Chipotle of Italian food.
4 Great food, great people, healthy and fresh, gluten free options, Only one problem-watch out for the giant boulder in the front parking lot! It's a door banger
5 Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  I like the Tomato Basil with pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, red onion and fresh tomatoes on top after it's cooked.  YUM!
5 This has become our family goto spot for a a quick casual dinner. Kids love designing their own pizzas.  The salads are good.   It's quick, reasonably priced and feels fresh. It has quickly become a family favorite.
4 Really cool Chipotle style concept but with Pizza!  First time there and I loaded up the toppings to create my own style for cheap!  I will be headed back!  This place also participates in Upromise rewards so there is a little bonus!
5 Amazing pizza and salad.  Great service, fast and delicious!!! First time coming and won't be the last.   We customized all 3 pizzas.   Great flavor, crust was done just right and crispy.  A new family fav!
5 Ok I love pizza but have to eat gluten-free.  Even though super fast food type it is by far best gluten-free pizza. Trust me I try everywhere.  I love so many choices and so fast at a great price. Makes me happy!
1 I will say I absolutely love this place. I come here at least twice a week in which I always get a pizza and a pookie to go. Every time time has been a pleasant experience except for tonight.  I came in 15 mins before they close and one of the cooks decided to mumble "fucking customers need to go away because were closing". I literally walked in when I heard him say this. This is very unprofessional. I work in the service industry and even though I sometimes get frustrated, I have never spoke like that on the floor especially in front of customers.   Word of this wise, if customers didn't come in you would be out of a job bud.
5 I think this place has nailed it with the fast pizza option! The pesto pizza is my favorite!  The crust is nice and crispy and not too greasy! super great! Staff is always so pleasant and ready to help! So glad they moved into the area right by work, I have gone far too many times already. But hey they are super consistent, so who could blame me. Wishing Continued success to the team!
