4 I've been wanting to try this place for a while. I had gotten a menu left on my door. Then when I saw that they are open till 2:00 AM on Fridays & Saturdays, I was so excited to actual have something open past 10:00 PM in this area. This establishment is .06 miles from my condo. I ordered a pizza and salad online, was charged a 'processing fee' of .49 cents, which isn't a big deal but kinda lame in this day and age of 'paying with plastic'. Also there is a $2.50 charge for delivery, which is the norm just about everywhere. It took almost an hour for my food to get here. They must be busy??  Pizza was really good, I will say, hot, cheesy.   Salad was good too. The delivery driver pounded on my door and didn't say 1 word to me, just handed me my food, I said thank you, he turned around and left. Is this the reason why there are no reviews on this place?  Hmmm, I wanted to give this place 5 stars but couldn't.   Food is a 5, customer service a -3, so I gave it a 4. Give this place a try, maybe pick up your pie, I know I will next time.
3 I have picked up orders twice from this location. Food is great. Customer service really stinks. The hung up on me by accident, no worries.  No personality no thank you.  I ordered a calzone it was delish but both times it was served with cold sauce to dip it in. Cold? I like the food and it is a great location. I hope they take a look at the team there to wake them up.
4 I came home tonight w coupons on my door.  I said what the hell.  Hot Wings crispy and pepporo pizza for $14.99 amazing. The only reason why not 5 Stars is delivery guy didn't have dried parm cheese. If u live at Pillars Scottsdale a must
1 Let me preface this by saying I love pizza and have tried hundreds if not thousands of different pizza places all over the US and Canada, and this is one of the worst pizza experiences I've ever had. The place is small and not very clean with almost every table being dirty, but that's forgivable. The cashier was not helpful at all, and often had to consult a menu when I asked what anything was. She got our order wrong and brought us the wrong food. The drinks tasted funny, a bit like dirty water, but they were still better than the water! Unfortunately, the pizza is even worse! The cheese was greasy, frozen, and clearly not pizza cheese, the sauce was bitter and had chili flakes in it, and the crust was burnt and tough. We also had a sub which was not good, either. The only good thing about this experience was the fact that it was empty and they have some TV's which you can watch whatever on. Anyway, all in all, avoid Gus's at all costs. There are plenty of other cheaper, cleaner, more delicious pizza places near by (check into TJ's Pizza down the street).
1 This pizza is horrible! I will never return to this pizza place! The whole restaurant is filthy, everything (the drinks and the food) has a funny taste and is clearly not fresh and is therefore, not delicious as it should be. The pizza looks like it's a frozen pizza from the grocery store and the cashier was less than helpful. I won't be returning here any time soon!
