5 OK...when I was in high school I had this douche bag dentist that performed a root canal that I'm pretty sure I didn't need..since then I've had one problem after another with it. Finally, the damn thing broke. I called dr. Jackson to make an appt and I was able to get in the same day. What was also super awesome is that this place is within walking distance from my house. Staff is super pleasant and dr. Jackson is very friendly. They came up with my treatment plan (most places will offer up bull crap things to get your money but this plan was all business). I truly believe dr. Jackson and staff has the best interest of their patients at heart. Although my visit resulted in an extraction (I knew it was going to come to that prior to my visit) I'm very pleased with the quality of service I received. Dr. Jackson is starting to fix what another jackass messed up. They also do ortho here which I will be getting into after I'm done with the bridge..we have some work to do but I feel it is more than reasonable. The place is very clean and I appreciate their green approach; all of the forms I filled out and signed were laminated and scanned into their computer. The fuchsia gloves and masks were pretty cute too :)
5 Wow! This office is beautiful. Dr. Jackson and her staff have done a great job! Dr. Jackson is the friendliest dentist I have ever met! She does great job caring for me. I had told her I was afraid of the dentist and she calmed my fears and eased my anxiety. She took the time  (and it took a lot of time) to explain everything she was doing for me without rushing me at all. She really cares about her patients! Thanks Dr. J! See you in 6 months!
5 FANTASTIC office. I have been regularly seeing dentists for my entire life and have had quite a bit of work done. Dr Jackson is by far my favorite. She is extremely friendly and just goofy enough to make you want to stick around and hang out after. She also really cares about what is going on with your health. Very friendly staff and extremely timely. They have never made me wait and all the procedures were very pleasant. Can't wait to see her again in a few months.
5 The way you are treated from the minute you walk in is just great. They are friendly and very helpful to say the least.  The office is super clean and it smells great. It's very pleasant to come to such as clean location. Even the restroom is sparkling clean. Love it
5 Dr. Tiffany is a kind-hearted down to earth person. The moment you set foot into her office you feel as if you were a patient for years and very at home. Dr. Tiffany went above and beyond for my situation. She came in on her day off as I had a "dental emergency". She performed the procedure with gentle technique and was very informative on what she was doing. I could not give a better recommendation for anyone having any type of dental problem. Thanks again Dr. Tiffany!
