5 While me and my boyfriend were in Vegas we stayed near south point. We came across the vape store less than a mile away. The store had everything we needed for our vape pens and so much more. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the different products they had in the store. We were so happy that we found a store near us it made our trip so much better!!!
5 great place!!! best thing about this place is that they have organic juices !! friend and knowledgeable staff ~!  amazing prices !!!!!!
5 First time shopper and was buying a gift with 0 knowledge. They showed me the full range of options from the starter kits to the full-on "mods" and were very helpful as I asked a 100 questions.  Big selection of the organic juices...flavors and strengths (who knew there were so many options)! I walked out with a great gift!
5 I was buying a gift for a friend of mine - sick of her blowing smoke in my face - so I thought an e-cig would be a great change (at least for me). I went into the store knowing nothing about the options. The lady behind the counter was super helpful...answered all of my questions (I had a ton). The store has lots of options, starter packs to high-end "mods". They also have a wide variety of juices - different flavors and intensities and organic (who knew?!?)  I went with a nice little pink starter set...let's hope she likes it!  The shop was cute too...nice chess board setup.
5 I stopped by the shop to pick up some supplies for my vape pens.  Staff was very helpful and knowledgeable.  They have great referral programs and incentives for there customers.  They just opened the store and it  looks great can't wait to go back.  They have a wide selection of products for all your vaping needs.
5 I kept seeing this shop and finally stopped by.  Very happy I did!  The shop is new but laid out well and kept very clean.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in which was great as I had a ton of questions.  Both people running the store took time to help me, answering questions and just being very cool.  I was there to get a gift for my lady and it was obvious they wanted to help make it good.  They went over my options without trying to push me right to the most expensive models. After talking we actually found a very reasonable model that was perfect.  Looking at juices without nicotine I couldn't believe all the flavors they had.  I like how they have their own as well as other companies.  My girl loved the gift and I loved the experience, highly recommend the shop and their wonderful staff.
5 I've visited many vapor shops in the Vegas area and first time vape is one of the best. Very modern design and adult feel. Doesn't feel or look like a typical vapor shop. Very helpful staff and convenient hours. They have many brands of e-cigs and great tasting e-juice flavors. They allow you to try different flavors at the their e-juice bar. Definitely will be going back.
5 Great shop. It looks like they just opened. Everything is brand new, very clean.  I didn't know much about the whole vaping thing because I am just starting to quit smoking. But Matt was very knowledgeable and explained everything very clearly and didn't try to pressure me into buying anything.  They also have all of their flavors that they sell open for you to try. The house juices were all really good and very flavorful. Definitely going to be a loyal customer with them.  I ended up getting the mini vaporizer with a custom tank for $30. I like this one because it's smaller than most of the other vaporizers they had on display.  However Matt did warn me that the battery doesn't last as long and he was right. I will probably have to buy one of the bigger batteries and switch it out while I'm traveling. Other than that though it works really well.  Definitely going to be a loyal customer with them for quite a while.
5 The store in very clean owners are very nice and knowledgeable.  They were very helpful.  I had a battery that I had purchased at another smoke shop that wouldnt hold a charge.  They took the time to explain how the different batteries work.  They had a wide selection of ecigs and mechanical mods.  They said that they are alway getting and looking for new product.  Great prices and referral program.  I will defently be back
5 This is a great shop.  I stopped in to grab a few items.  The shop had a lot of choices and the staff was very helpful.  They explained the differences between there products but didnt rush me. Prices were great but they also had high end products great referral program and discounts.  Definitely be going back for more!
5 Awesome store nice mods and helped with my attys. Matt was the man to see here. Also good there is a little Ceasers and subway next door so u can grab a bite to eat after.
5 Super friendly. Great customer Service! Will be going back here!
5 My son lives in Vegas and while i was visiting , he took me to First Time Vape. The girl there (think her name is Crystal), was very knowledgeable and patient with me. I ended up getting a pretty pink vaporizer and i think i got a really good deal! Prices  there pleasantly surprised me! Loved being able to try different "flavors"....and they have ALOT to choose from. Very cool place! I highly recommend it!
5 Love this shop! Their juices are of the best quality in town. The employees seem to be very educated and enthusiastic about all the of their products. I would recommend First Time Vape to anyone looking to quit smoking or those currently vaping.
5 Very friendly. Will stop at nothing to ensure you are very happy before you leave. Crystal is very nice and professional. Keeps me going back every time.
5 Came to this place while headed to Las Vegas strip, I needed them clouds before hitting the strip, haha, these guys are awesome and know all their stuff extremely well. This definitely is my go to spot when im heading to Vegas!
5 Really cool people dope comfortable environment. Feel like a second home. Very helpful and very very good price... Also comfortable  couch as well
5 My husband and I are from out of town and walked in here and the guy in there was helpful. I would recommend this place. Thanks guys.
5 First time at a vape store, ironically. . And the staff here were so knowledgeable and friendly. Lots of selection in a comfortable atmosphere.  Definitely will be back again!
