3 Visited the Tap House and was a bit disappointed. The menu's were tacky and hard to read for happy hour. Server was a bit off. Wings were just ok, nothing special. No Dogfish IPA, disappointing. Will try again but they need to get better
5 Came with a friend on recommendation and so glad I did. Cool ambiance, lots of amazing microbrews on tap and the food is to die for. The sliders alone are worth the trip. Will definitely be back again!
5 Taphouse Kitchen was amazing. From the minute we walked in we were greeted by the hostess who was smiling and very attentive. The hostess explained the concept and the restaurant's menu. Immediately after we were greeted by our server who was very knowledgeable about the food, beer, and wine. Even though the beer and wine selection was HUGE! The server had the answer and even had great suggestions to pair our food with a great beer or wine. The entire staff was friendly and attentive. I would go back everyday if I could. The scallops, wings, and sliders were all amazing. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. The dessert was absolutely amazing. Everything is made in house and all produce and meet is from local farms. This place is an absolute gem. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try a new restaurant with a great staff, great drink selection, and amazing food. DEFINITELY TRY THIS PLACE. You will want to go back, I promise.
5 I went in last weekend for family and friends and was completely surprised! We were blown away with the atmosphere and decor we even sat down. We grabbed chairs at the bar, ordered a custom flight (choose your own 4 beer tasters), and sliders. Papago's Coconut Joe stout was my favorite. The sliders came with a quail egg and Bearnaise sauce. These are now something we get every time. The salmon was also awesome-- not your average salmon dish. And of course dessert was perfect. We have a gluten allergy and to our surprise, we were able to order a gluten free brownie with ice cream. Holy COW!! The most rich and chewy brownie. And to make it even better, the sweet baker sprinkles in her own toffee for a little crunch! We will be back again, and again.
5 OK, They got me! I have been in the place three days in a row and each time it has gotten better. The thing I love and won't forget is the owners brought in Dogfish IPA just because I asked, customer service doesn't get better than that. Now my favorite hang out. I had the turkey ruben for lunch and it was really good and the service was top notch. Great patio and now my favorite beer!!
5 Loved the open patio. It was really amazing food! Loved the lamb "pops"!!! And wine and makers mark on tap...can I  just say "heck yes!" And then top it off with the gluten free brownie dessert that my friend had was unbelievable:) Can't wait to try it again!
1 I'm skewing the perfect record but I'm sorry. I haven't been this disappointed in a dining experience in a very long time. My family and I sat for almost 10 minutes while we waited for our meal. The waiter finally stopped by, asked if we had ordered any drinks, but realized we didn't have menus, and left without taking any drink orders. 10 minutes later he's back with menus. Still no drink orders. 15 or so minutes later he finally takes our drink order. So needless to say, the service was poor. When we  finally did order, we were famished.   My husband had their signature burger which he described as forgettable.  My father had a grilled cheese with mushrooms, and Chicken Chili. He loved the chili describing it as "filling and hearty"   My mother had the fish fry and she loved it.  I had the chicken and dumplings and I was quite disappointed. It lacked depth, and flavor. My husband took a bite and said the Military MREs has more flavor.   The service was poor, the table of drunk girls got unwavering attention. So perhaps, they cater to a drinking crowd.   Best part of the evening? Watching a Scottsdale mom pull an Olive out of her martini and feed it to her infant. DRUNK BABY ALERT lol   My take away, come for the booze. Ignore the "gourmet" menu.
5 Came back here again for dinner with friends.  Had the signature burger which was fantastic. Sampled the filet, crab cake and dumpling that my friends had as well...all amazing!  Mark, our waiter, was fantastic as well. I have a new favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.
5 We drove past Tap House Kitchen and just had to check it out, the patio drew me in. I am sure glad we stopped. The ambiance was great, service fantastic and the food impressive!  We ordered the Shrimp & Mac, Turkey Ruben, Signature Burger as well as the Gluten Free Brownie and Carolynn's Famous Key Lime Pie. We decided to split everything. We ordered the burger medium and it was cooked PEFECTLY as well as delicious. The Turkey Ruben was equally as good and we loved the Shrimp Mac & Cheese. I have to say it was nice to have the gluten free as an option it was quite decadent however the Key lime won me over. I could have ordered another one even as stuffed as I was. I highly recommend this place. It's the perfect neighborhood restaurant.
5 I don't know if I had "yelper" on my forehead or what...but I've never had such great service as a casual establishment?!!  Kudos to our server Jake, he made sure we'll be back.   Stopped by with a girl friend for some happy hour and appetizers.  The flat breads are creative and delicious.  The malbec on tap is very good and awesome for that price point.  Don't miss the mac and cheese amazingness!  Cute patio, good ambiance.    It's about time a fun place like this came to "central" Scottsdale!  We'll be back.    The only negative I can say is it's irritating when happy hour ends at 6pm.... I have faith that you'll change that...please?  :)
5 My husband and I are huge fans of this new place! We just went here for happy hour on a Sunday afternoon.  (They have happy hour 7 days a week from 3-6 with a variety of $6 food options). Jake, our server, was great and made excellent recommendations. We just tried their Shrimp Mac-N-Cheese, Prosciutto & Fig Flatbread, and Apple Brie Flatbread. I think I may have dreams about that amazing Mac-N-Cheese! Yum! The flatbread was different--it was more of a cracker than what you usually get with flatbread but also delish!  Both types of flatbread were very tasty! Also, I had the Moscow Mule, which was excellent and served in authentic copper mug. The hubby drank the Orange Blossom beer, which we both love. I miss the restaurant that previously occupied this space, but this dinner was so good tonight that I may not miss it as much now.
4 First. .. So glad for a new clean bar restaurant to be open in the hood! Came for late lunch... Caught between happy hour / lunch / dinner change over. So many people at the time I didn't know who was helping me. Overall it was good. I think the bar crew was confused as to who should help me. Mike the bartender was clueless .... Still working out service kinks!
4 Best first visit ever; Corey was our waiter, which made the first visit even better. Great server! The honey chiplote Wings I ordered for Lunch were excellent! Cant wait to come back for dinner and have one of them beers!
2 I had to send my drink back twice as the bartender could not make a martini.  I ordered a salad and the lettuce was wilted and old.  It was not a good experience and the service was just ok -- I would not recommend unless you want a beer and a burger those looked good.  The atmosphere is amazing
5 Great food! Rustic/industrial interior with tons of beers on tap and 3 whiskeys on tap. Good happy hour prices. Ordered the sliders, shrimp Mac and cheese, prosciutto flatbread. I recommend coming here!
4 We had the Drunken shrimp, regular Mac and cheese, and Jerked chicken salad. Everything was delicious and we'll definitely be coming back! Love that we found another neighborhood casual and inviting place to hang out and just enjoy being outside. Love the peach ale too!
5 Really liked the Mac and cheese with shrimp appetizer and chicken and dumplings.  Great service as well.
3 Maybe it was just me, but I couldn't make anything work here. Wine was warm, second wine was served in the same glass (gross), the server was much more interested in taking inventory than waiting on customers, she didn't inform me that there was a happy hour menu, the first iced tea was good but when I had to ask a different server for the second one, which he brought from the back of the restaurant, it was old and undrinkable. The grilled cheese sandwich was pretty good but I was not a fan of the lamb pops. The flavor profile didn't work at all and I like spicy food.  To be honest, I was there late lunch and so they didn't have their grove on yet, but I was not impressed.
4 This place is very nice from the moment you walk in.  Comfortable rustic decor and friendly staff.  Outdoor patio and rollup windows are great for nice days.  I had the shrimp mac and cheese appetizer which was good.  They have a great craft beer selection.  My favorite is Odell's IPA which I was glad to see that they carried.  I appreciate their happy hours prices but wish they ran until 7 PM.
4 Service is excellent! Beer & Wine on Tap, very good! I ordered wings and those were mighty tasty. I also tried a bite of the burger and I plan to order it upon my return. I am a fan for this place. They got my vote!
1 Just went for a quick app and drink for happy hour.. 4 soggy on the outside and dried out on the inside chicken wings for 6$(I know that cheap) but not good either way!! Our side of fries were forgotten as well good thing they weren't on the check. I won't be visiting again.
1 Must have been a very off night for this place... Walked in and told them it was our first time in- we live in the neighborhood and were looking forward to giving this place a try- super sarcastic hostess says, "yeah we are pretty awesome". Umm ok. So we asked for table of 5 plus a high chair, took them about 10 minutes to figure out they couldn't seat us for at least an hour, hostess was so rude- said they don't normally seat parties of more than 4 (what!?). Walked out front to find three empty 4-top tables, walked back in to hostess and asked if they could push two together and she told me that's not their policy and she would have to ask a manager- even more attitude from her now- I let her know I would like to speak to the manager at this point. He turns out to be even less help than her. We explained we lived up the street etc, he seems like he could care less. Just a side note here- we are a clean cut married couple- dressed casual but nice- late twenties with a beautiful little blondie baby and we literally live two seconds from here. So bummed at how lame this place turned out to be. Won't be back. Last thing- we decided to eat at ha humble pie instead, turned out to be happy hour still and we were seated right away either amazing service as usual and great food.
4 We visited the TapHouse twice in a weeks period - in the area on vacation. The first visit prompted the second ... While I was a bit disappointed we couldn't have some of the happy hour apps as part of a regular appetizer (fig/proscutto flatbread please!), we got over it and had the drunken shrimp ... very good, would definitely recommend. They do a nice job with kids meals - good selection and price. While we were here, we got word that the burgers are among the best (this, after filling up on shrimp)...so we decided to return at a later date. Came back second time and sat outside on their patio - definitely best seats in the house. Great ambiance. Ordered burger, definitely good - also homemade chips were quite tasty. Waiter was gracious enough to bring me samples of wine when it was clear I had analysis paralysis to help me make a selection. We had several visits to our table from the owner, very nice and friendly, making sure our visit was satisfactory. Its a bit on the pricey side, but definitely enjoyed the experience and would return again to try even more of the menu items.
2 Very odd .... We have tried to go 3 times on the weekend and on 2 occasions they were having a Private Event, at Lunch.. REALLY?? Owner(s) seem a bit flippant... "Sorry, we are closed for a Private Kentucky Derby Event for our Contractors"...Again.. REALLY??? This is a neighborhood place that isn't available to the neighborhood. I will say that the 1 time we did get in the food was ok, a little pricey, but OK.
5 Great tasting beer. Great burgers. Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Plenty of parking. User friendly.
4 Nice addition to the area.  Casual and comfortable setting with an inviting patio.  Good selection of micro brews on tap including several Arizona selections.  Beer flights available. Menu offers beer and wine pairings with each item which was helpful. I had the fish fry which came with a light and crispy batter, piping hot with good fries. Wife had the grilled salmon which was expertly prepared. Homemade desserts including ice cream and a key lime tart with wonderful graham cracker crust were excellent. Tim was a knowledgeable and attentive server.  Concrete floor and hard surfaces can challenge conversation and negate the background music, but typical of a bustling place. We'll be back to try the happy hour.
5 Food is really good and priced just right.  Service was pretty fast and they stayed on top of everything. Worth checking out for sure.
1 I was with a group of about 12 people on Saturday and we had some time to kill before going to a wedding. Since this place had just recently opened I thought it would be good to try out. We walked in and tried to get the hostess to seat us. She looked extremely overwhelmed by us coming in, by the way it was not crowded, and said she would have to get her manager to seat us. While this was happening some of us decided to go to the restroom and they were disgusting! It looked like no one had cleaned them in several days, they smelled terrible and the trash was overflowing! After coming out of the restroom we found out that manager was refusing to seat our group and that they would not be able to serve us. I have never been treated to such poor service ever! The restaurant had more than enough room for us and they would not give us any reason why they could not accommodate our group. With all the other fantastic restaurants in the area I can't imagine this place will be open very long based on the way they treat their patrons.
4 A friend of mine had raved about it on his FB page so I thought I would stop in for lunch.    The menu looked great and I had a hard time making a decision but opted for the Ham & Brie Sandwich with a side of fruit.  The sandwich was tasty good but I thought they skimped on the brie portion which was the whole reason I ordered it.  I should have said something but wasn't in the mood to hassle with it.  Really like the warm atmosphere and the indoor/outdoor bar design is super cool.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I am looking forward to going back and exploring the menu.
5 Food is great. Lots of good drinks and beers. Friendly service. Good neighborhood place!
3 We went here for a work happy hour. The beer selection was great and the happy hour specials were pretty decent. The servers were friendly, but not as attentive as I would have liked. When ours brought a beer that was wrong, we had to wait 15 minutes for her to come fix it. Other than that, the place was great. I will be going back to try the food next time.
4 This is a great new place in the Valley. I have had the Jerk Chicken Salad and the Chicken and Dumplings so far and both are fantastic! I will come back for sure!
3 We went there during happy hour. The food was very good. The place was so loud that it was an effort to talk to the rest of the party. I know that they think that loudness creates an ambience but it was painful to sit there we had to leave so we could have a conversation
4 Arrived just before happy hour was over and server was great about getting our order in on time. The decor is fantastic and I like the design of the patio space which makes it usable in the summer. I wish the happy hour was a little longer though as it's not realistic to be able to make it during the week. I saw though that they also have brunch on weekends which I'll be back for!
4 The atmosphere is fun and interesting, the food (turkey reuben) was excellent, and the service was really good and polite.  The gluten free chocolate cake was delicious.  I think the non-sandwich items on the menu are a little pricey, but other than that, great new place.  I'll definitely go back.
5 Seriously GREAT SERVICE. I'm amazed! Such a friendly staff. I ordered food to go and they had it ready for me at the bar when I got there. The bartender was busy, but took a minute to talk to me and get me settled up. Both managers approached me and asked if there was anything else they could get me before I left. Really clean environment, friendly staff, great food - what else could you ask for?! I have worked in the restaurant industry for a long time, so I tend to be really picky anywhere I go. I actually thought I had misplaced my credit card so when I went back in... Both managers were helping me look for it (turned out it's in my other pocket and I'm an airhead). Anyways,  the hostess was smiley, attentive and opened the door for me when I was leaving. I definitely recommend getting friends together and eating here.
1 My husband wanted to try this place, so we did.  We got there just as they opened, so there was no trouble getting a seat.  Our drink order was taken, and my soda and his beer were delivered quickly.  Lunch order taken, and the wait began.  I had the Chicken and dumplings, my husband the TapHouse burger.  The chicken and dumplings were so-so, the burger dry.  Not worth the $14 & $13 respectively.  Not once did our waitress ask if my husband wanted another beer, another server did.  By this time several other diners had come in, and received their entrees much faster than we did.  Still waiting to see our server,but she was too busy hanging out at the kitchen window.  It took a long time to get our tab, and yet another server took our tab to cash out.   To sum up, poor service, mediocre food at best, and $7 for a 12 oz beer.  Save yourself the trouble, don't go here. Even the manager was ambivalent when we told him our issues.
2 I discovered this restaurant several weeks ago, and was looking forward to giving it a try.  I was sorely disappointed after we were seated. Their beer selection is impressive, featuring four local breweries and several other microbrews from across the USA. Their prices for a pint of Odell's IPA, I found to be exorbitant. $7 for a small pint. I was surprised.  After slow service and a burger that needed some improvement, the manager asked my wife how things were. She gave an honest answer, and didn't get any kind of response other than "that's harsh". Between lackluster service that was bordering on being ignored, high beer prices and food that was so-so the experience wasn't worth it. I won't be returning and I suggest you don't either. Reluctantly, I have rated this place 2 stars..
3 We went here last Sunday to watch the World Cup and we really enjoyed the atmosphere. I ordered the meat and cheese plate which is one of my fav things to order when I'm out. It was pretty delicious and filling. Also on the happy hour menu, I think it was Only about $6, but I'm not positive. They had a Bloody Mary bar but unfortunately it closes at three pm so I missed that. One of my friends ordered  the fish and chips and said it was really good but way expensive for how much they give you. It was like $28 for only like two pieces of fish. We also got the pepperoni flatbread that was on special that day. It was ok but nothing to write home about.   Service was a little slow but everyone was mostly just hanging out watching the game which might be why. Overall good atmosphere And I would definitely like to come back and sit out on the patio once it cools down.
5 Where to start? Me and my BF eat out every night (terrible, i know) so we get bored easily. Tap House was just down the street from home so we figured we would try it!  Not only is the service AMAZING, from the person who took our order over the phone, to the server, SO friendly and more than willing to make recommendations and answer any questions! the food is AMAZING!!! My bf continues to order the Turkey Rueben wight he fingerling potatoes (SO BOMB) and i am obsessed with the Cashew Chicken Salad Sandwich. Would def recommend to anyone!
5 Fabulous burgers and delish salads.  Lots of fun beers and wines, also. Very nice personnel. Great atmosphere. What's not to love?
5 Very pleasantly surprised!   The Food Exceeded my expectations.  I had the Pasta Primavera with chicken and my husband had the burger. We shared both and they were very well made.  And the food came out in a timely manner. Our waiter was very attentive. We had the brownie and house made ice cream. We were very happy we changed our plans of where we were going to go and came here.
5 Great new casual restaurant - I live in the neighborhood and have been here a handful of times. Nice to find a restaurant that supports local farms/breweries.   I would be here a lot more if their happy hour ran past 6:00 pm but it's nice that they offer it on weekends. My favorite menu item so far is the Sherry Berry Salad - tip: order this with salmon! You get a good sized salmon filet (wild, organic salmon), that is almost as big as the one you can order and an entrée. And it goes perfectly with the salad.   On the happy hour menu, my favorite starter (so far) is the shrimp mac-n-cheese. My least favorite is the flatbread - it's a crispy lavosch with toppings. Not bad but not what I was expecting.   Service is usually pretty good, I was there once when it was very slow but most of the servers seem to be pretty attentive. When the weather is nice, definitely recommend a table on the patio.   I can definitely see myself becoming a regular!
2 Last night was our second visit to the TapHouse Kitchen.  The fish and chips (walleye pike) were great both visits.  The quail egg sliders are also super.  Last night we had one of the several flat breads offered.  It was terrible.  It was served cold and tasted like cardboard. I guess we should have said something at the time. On both occasions the noise level was horrendous.  During the first visit the place was fairly full, last night we were early and there were only several tables occupied in the bar area with a dozen or so people where we were seated.  You could not have a normal conversation. It is definitely not a place to have a relaxing drink and meal.
