3 Great music, but bartenders seems to be bothered or you feel unwelcome, no smile :( just drink!
1 I wanted to like this bar. I did. But, it was awful.  SO smokey; it literally made me sick for a week after. I went on a night where they were very well aware they were having an event (the bar and several people had been promoting it) so they KNEW there would be a big crowd. They poorly planned and only had ONE cook on staff. I waited AN HOUR AND 15 MINUTES for what I thought was described as bread sticks but I was served a plate of hard pita chips with cold dipping sauce. I could have gone to the store around the corner and got the same thing for less money and probably within 5 minutes time. No refund for the wait, no replacement meal/snack for having a laughable pita chip plate served to me. The staff was rude and I watched as the bartender rolled her eyes at someone who ordered a drink.   I will not be back.
2 This place is probably a love it or hate it.  It's kind of a cross between Zombie and Goth.  It's pretty much a bar with a them and a small place to dance.  Not my scene but I'm sure others would like it and for a local watering hole, it adds a little variety.
5 We really liked this place. The owners were friendly. The specialty drinks were good and pizza was really out of this world.
5 My husband and I went on a whim following Bar Rescue.  This place is awesome!  The decor is wonderful, staff was cool, drinks were fun ...but the food!  OMG it was incredible!  I typically don't go to bars for food, but the appetizer and pizza were OUT OF THIS WORLD!  I didn't want the spam pizza to begin with, now I am not sure I would order anything else!  It flavored it more like a prosciutto would.  The crust is a MUST for any New Yorker missing home.  It was flexible so you could fold it but it had the perfect crunch factor as well.  I was most impressed with the cleanliness of the kitchen.  It looked like a laboratory or hospital; it was so clean.  The level of the music never went over 90 db making for easy conversation at the bar.  The DJ even played our request immediately.  Very happy with this place, will make it a stop on our future visits.  Busiest at 6 and again at 11pm.  We made it there at 9 on a Thursday and had the place to ourselves. COSTS: only $8 cab ride from Gold Coast , Palms and Orleans $65 got the 2 of us plenty fed with app, pizza and 9 drinks
4 I saw this bar get transformed on Bar Rescue and really liked the idea of a zombie apocalypse joint so I decided to stop in.  First, don't expect upper class, 5 star, Hollister wearing, executive types working or drinking here. That's not what this place is about. It's a place blue collar casino workers who are into zombies and goth come. That's how the staff is too. Tattoos, chains, black makeup, etc.  They had to move next door into the strip mall nextdoor because the roof collapsed on the original building featured on bar rescue. The bar top itself was kinda cheesey and was obviously cheaply and quickly put together. It was plastic or something. No video poker either.  Staff was nice. I met the guys I saw on Bar Rescue. And the place gets very crowded after 8pm.  Décor was awesome. All post-nuclear war and zombie pictures. Really cool! The mural artwork of a destroyed Las Vegas strip in the background was so unique.
5 I've been going to The End since before Bar Rescue.  It's steadily become the only bar I'll drink at in Las Vegas.  The entire staff has never been anything but good to me, and I've yet to get something out of the kitchen I didn't like. (I recommend asking for a menu if you're hungry, there are some hidden gems that you won't know about if you don't look.  Try the Bunker, it's my favorite.)  Now, let's talk about booze for a second.  I don't know anyone who doesn't drink to get at least a buzz on.  Well, I'm here to tell you, unlike a lot of theme bars in Vegas, they don't scrimp on the liquor in their drinks.  The signature drinks are sneaky in their alcohol content.  You don't taste it, but it hits you.  Jack and Coke drinker?  I am.  There's no shortage of alcohol in that beverage either.   On to the show! Yeah, I mean entertainment.  Well, here's the thing, these guys aren't just riding the Bar Rescue coattails.  They are working to keep people entertained no matter when you come in.  Sunday and Monday nights (and some Saturdays) there's karaoke starting at 11. Wednesday nights, they have Let It Rawk, which is all 70s, 80s, and 90s music.  There's even a goth night on Fridays!  (Cause what goth kid doesn't want to hang out in a zombie bunker bar, right?) I'm not one for dancing, but they have plenty of room for it if you are.  I'll probably be the one sitting at the bar watching.
2 My Fiancé and I made a mini Bar Rescue tour last night starting at The End. We knew we weren't the target audience for a "goth/alternative" bar with a post apocalyptic theme but we were welcomed in with open arms.  There were only about 15 people in the bar and almost everyone seemed centered around the two owners Kris and Jack. It was definitely a social club atmosphere. The bartender was polite, explained the drink menu and was quick to engage in casual conversation her focus was on the bar and customers. She was the only one putting the business first.  The decor was a little different from the show but the post apocalyptic theme was still front and center. We ordered our drinks. One came in a syringe that leaked out on the bar...ask them to put it in a glass to prevent any waste of the precious alcohol contained within. The other drink had a hunk of Twinkie in it. It was different but worked.    As we were finishing our drinks a guy started setting up the stage. When I asked it was explained they hold Karaoke a few times a week. We may have hung out for a second drink and tried one of their pizzas (people sitting next to us had one and it looked/smelled great) but with a karaoke night starting we decided to settle up.   Karaoke bars are great when designed to be one and you are expecting to have your ears insulted by people to inebriated to know they can't sing but we decided to get while the getting was good.   I can guarantee Taffer would not be happy with  Karaoke being done chasing patrons out of the bar, that his post apocalyptic themed bar was playing 70s soft rock as their background music and not keeping true to their identity.
4 I'm a huge zombie fan! This bar is awesome! The artwork on the wall is pretty amazing itself. I like coming here when they have The Walking Dead showings. The drinks are a good price as well compared to other places in Vegas. They aren't as string as I'd like them to be though.
4 So I heard that 'The End' moved to a new location, and luckily they kept most of the decor that became part of their bar renovation on the Bar Rescue show. The End also used to be called 'The Underworld', although it seems like they still operate under that name every now and then as a secondary thing.   There's not really a lot of 'punk', 'goth' or 'psychobilly' places here in Las Vegas that can be local hotspots for those who are into the alternative lifestyle--really, the only one we have here is perhaps the Double Down Saloon located near UNLV (super hardcore punk-azz place BTW; reminded me of CGBG a lot), or the Las Vegas Country Saloon where they showcase punk rock, metal, rockabilly, etc. bands. To have more places where all the 'punx" and 'spooky Betties' can hang out is always a nice touch.  The bartenders have been polite to me and my group the both times I went there. I finally got around to trying their infamous drink-in-a-huge-plastic-­syringe called the 'Zombie Antidote'. The mix had vodka in it, so it was going to be bitter but had enough of other sweet things to it that made drinking from a syringe enjoyable. I wish I was able to keep the syringe, though (seems like they don't let you keep them).  I also tried their Double Tap, and I think a drink called 'Lost Vegas'. The former is a another sweet mix, and it even has pop rocks in the drink. The latter is sweet as well and tasted like an alcoholic version of soda or so.  Their pizzas are pretty good, and I liked how they had a zombie theme to it as well. I forgot what pizza I ordered, but the flavors really popped with the garlic and herbs or so.  As for the music? Dunno if much has changed but the last time I was there, they had dubstep music playing and other stuff I can't even comprehend. It didn't really fit with the horror theme to be quite honest. Ugh, where the hell is the White Zombie? The Cramps? The Meteors? Misfits?? Heck, even the dubstep version of Rob Zombie's "Dragula" would do.  As I mentioned earlier, I went here twice: the first time was on a Saturday night, the week before Halloween and the second time was on a typical Monday night. Now I don't know if it was just for some sort of Halloween special or not, but one of their bartenders was dressed up as a psychobilly chick and I thought that was pretty cool.  There seems to be more people on the weekends than on weekdays, but that's to be expected. Monday night was really quiet, even when 10PM hit. The End hosts 'scary karaoke' nights on weekends, however. Sounds fun--I can finally get my horror-punk, doo-wop 'Saturday Night' song on by the Misfits on these nights (P.S. If you like the Misfits, request to sing their songs! One of the bartender dudes I spoke to is a fan of them and I asked if they had any punk rock songs on their playlist).  There used to be a Goth/Industrial scene going on here, on Fridays, called 'Carpe Noctem'. I heard that it got shut down due to the event holder's health, and also something about how The End is growing and they need a different game plan from now on. :( Such a shame, since this is one of Vegas's few yet real Industrial scenes. But hey, if The End is growing in business, at least that's a good thing. Although now it seems that the bar owners are doing their own kind of goth night thing on these nights.  I don't know if they have local bands play at their venue, but if they do then that's pretty cool. I do know that they host all these other music-related, one-time special events--usually some sort of concert after-party or so.  Oh, and speaking of events--The End is the real deal for those who are fans of 'The Walking Dead'. They host a lot of Walking Dead watch parties. So if you wanna get into the mood for some zombie fun, go here!
5 "Drink here if you want to live" - an awesome advertisement to lure any zombie-fanatic-patron.  My boyfriend and I are really into zombie culture and into the whole undead lore. Right when we read about this bar, we knew right away that this place would become our favorite local watering hole.  We came here on a Thursday evening around midnight. Inside, they are dimly lit with a glowing green bar counter, top notch zombie decor, props, and pristine theme throughout. We were really digging the unique vibe here. To top it off, the place was kept immaculately clean. The women's restrooms were not sketchy in the slightlest, not what you typically come to expect at a dive bar. Also my boyfriend was amazed on the cleanliness of the men's bathrooms, he had to compliment the owner about it.   We were impressed with the entire evening we had here. From the service, to the drinks and food, we were treated like old friends and regulars. Courtney, the bartender is a fiery little number and she has the sweetest personality. We found common ground and chopped it up about delicious food for a while like best foodie nerds and I loved it!   The owner of the bar Jazz, may seem reserved and a bit standoffish, but he is extremely friendly and knows how to make us feel right at home. He hung out and drank with us while we discussed random topics you would only hear about in a bar at 2am. He also made some recommendations on his menu, we took him on his word and we were pleasantly surprised.  The drinks had decent pours and reasonable prices - $6 for a vodka tonic and thier clever specialty drinks were creative, tasty, and kept right up with the zombie theme. Jazz recommended "The End" which he notes as, "one of their popular shots." A great price point of $5.25, it's smirnoff rapberry vodka, smirnoff iced cake vodka, lemon lime soda, cranberry juice and grenadine a large plastic syringe. It was sweet, fruity and girly (not typically my kind of drink), but I really enjoyed it. It was super playful and fun to drink. A little seductive, I might add. Guys, if your lady loves girly tasty drinks with a kick, get her this. But I'll warn you now, it's a creeper.   Towards the end of the night, we switched to drinking water and Courtney was constantly on top of refilling our glasses. Heck, even Jazz graciously refilled our water glass one time.   We finally caved in and had to try thier "amazing pizzas," as Jazz kept praising. We opted for The Apocalypse pizza with homemade tomato sauce, spam, pineapple, rendered bacon, red onions, mozzarella. For a medium-sized pizza it was the perfect sharing size for 2 and it's $13.95. It's like a Hawaiian, but with spam slices added. The crust is expertly done in a stone oven and perfectly crispy. We thoroughly enjoyed it. The chef (sadly, we forgot his name) had a blond mowhawk, and checked on us frequently. We complimented him on his pizza and he was super down to earth and chatted it up with us for a bit as well.   Great people and zombie bar experience. We highly recommend it if you are into that kind of vibe as well. Maybe you'll catch us there enjoying some drinks next time!
3 Food was ok, atmosphere was like a bar I would open in a mini mall after watching the walking dead then giving up when 80% completed. Drinks where creative.  Staff was nice.  I'm into the dark seedy bars, but atmosphere could be worked on.  A goth/industrial bar probably shouldn't have Genesis playing on the TV's.  Not a bad stop if you like novelty acts. I would go again.  I always root for the underdog when it comes to business.  We went early so no one was in the place at 8pm.  Maybe it picks up later for their Scary Karaoke.  We traveled from a hotel/casino, if you do, get the taxi information so you have a ride back.
5 I came here for CRITICAL Friday night.   I was not disappointed!   The staff was super friendly, they use east coast water to make their pizza, and the music was killer!
5 Pretty cool decor. Inexpensive and their shot  drink was yummy, wish I could've seen the other place but it's okay still cool to check out if ur into the zombie thing!  Definitely fun and an original idea! Saw the Bar Rescue episode and it was great that came up with this idea even tho the owners original idea was cool, but this new idea is better!
