1 Booked on Hotels.com. When we arrived, our reservation hadn't shown up. The lady at the front desk said it usually shows up in about a half hour, and we could go to the bar and she will come get us.  About and hour and a half later I had gone to the front desk to ask about our reservation. She was not there. She left. I told the other lady what had happened and she replied with, "hmm she must have forgot." Really!? I just paid $200+ on this room, and you just forgot!  No sorry or anything. The bar was nice, so was the bartender. But everything else really sucked.  Can't say I'll stay here again :/
2 There were definitely a few problems that were found here. Upon entering our room, every time there was this weird smell. It was either a clean smell or just a genuinely bizarre scent. Then, the wifi did not work well at all, the connection was slow and kept on cutting in and out. On our last night of three here, there emerged a leak from the ceiling of the bathroom. Overall, we did get a great deal on this place, and it was in a convenient location, but these problems did dampen our stay (literally).
2 I originally wanted to rate this 3 stars as this hotel definitely doesn't deserve any more, but unfortunately, it's gone down a rating IMHO. I never ever leave anything in the hotel room once I check out, but for some reason, not only did I leave my coat in the closet but also a charger for my camera battery. I checked out of the hotel but my trip continued to Sedona, which is where I realized that I had forgotten my things. I called the hotel right away, but was put on hold for 20+ minutes and I hung up. I called back and she said "sorry, long line", which I understand, so whatever. She took my information so she can ask the housekeeping department, but of course, I never received a call back. Yes, it's my fault for leaving it in the room and I didn't expect to have it back, but she could have at least been nicer and given me a call at some point in the night.  The service overall was similar to my experience above - rude and unpleasant. The morning crew, maybe the managers, were the only nice ones we've encountered. When we checked in at 2am, one of the elevators was not working so the lady at the front said we'll have to just take the stairs all the way up with our luggage (we were on the top floor) and did not offer any additional help. It was only 6 floors, but we had a lot of luggage and we were tired as hell from traveling. There was also a very nasty smell in the hallways the entire time..   The good:  The free breakfast was probably one of the nicer ones I've had. They always had eggs, potatoes, gravy, different types of cereal, and excellent coffee. Each day they switched up on either pancakes, waffles, or french toast. No complaints there... it's definitely a nice way to fill up in the morning for "free". They have some outdoor seating available, which we took advantage of because of the BEAUTIFUL weather.   They have a pretty big pool area - two pools actually with a "waterfall". One of the pools is somewhat heated, while the other is not. It was too chilly to swim in the mornings and we were gone all day, so I only had one late night swim, which was pretty sweet!   The hotel room itself wasn't too bad either - big bathroom with a very spacious sink counter, somewhat nice view, and an OK bed. The bed itself was comfy, but the sheets were hard and unpleasant.   Overall, this hotel is OK for the money and is in a great location as it is super close to downtown Phoenix and a very quick drive over to Scottsdale. I am not sure if I'd come back though since there are better options in the area with a nicer crew.
4 Good hotel and a good value  Lobby is remodeled and quite nice  Outdoor grounds are large and there are many places to sit and relax  Pool is kind of jungle river style - great for kids.  Room was decent. It did smell funny but I got used to it  Service was very polite and friendly.
3 This place would have gotten two stars....BUT it had a sleep number bed.  THAT got it an extra star. 4 pillows on each bed, and a nice clean tub.  Very nice lobby.  Carpets on the floor of the hallways are kind of dirty...as in worn .  Very nice outdoor patio area, and the pool is like a river or jungle type with fake rocks, and greenery.  No Jacuzzi.   that made me sad.  lol.  All in all....it was ok.
1 Don't eat or drink here. Rooms okay but noisy. Parking scary. Bar and restaurant prices and service ridiculous. Wander to find better anywhere but here. Embarassed to think this represents Arizona for visitors.
3 My wife and I stayed here over the Memorial Day weekend, checked in friday night and out on monday afternoon. We went to Phoenix to get out of San Diego for a road trip and to visit some friends we have not seen for several years. Pulling up it is in a quiet area directly across from a big parking lot and parking structure for an empty corporate building. Check in was easy at a few minutes after midnight so no complaints there. We get room 233... all is good until we get in the room and do our inspection, we notice there is no mini fridge, carpet worn but not terrible, slight funky odor, in general the room was clean for its age. The linen was fresh and in order. Now the worst part of this room, it is just on the other side of the elevators and oh my is it loud and irritating but we are so tired we call it good for the night and off to sleep we go. Next day we get ready to explore Phoenix so I opted to wait until we return to request a room transfer. We had a long day that went late into the night so when we got back again I didnt request a room change. Long story short I did not request a room change so thats on me BUT I strongly advise that you absolutely do not settle into any of the rooms that are just on the other side of the wall. Quick note regarding the hotels parking structure. It is lit well enough but a little shady especially in the stair wells. It didnt bother me but it did bother my wife a little so any runs out to the car was executed by me! We did not see any security but it may mean that there are no issues at that hotel with property crime. All in all I rate this property at 3 stars because the staff were very nice and helpful and I am pretty confident if I requested a room change it would have been a non issue. The breakfast included is decent and they never ran out of items when we went. We would stay here again because its a bargain and a few steps up from a super 8 or Howard Johnson.
4 Clean rooms, nice staff.  Close to the light-rail.  Met our needs perfectly. Breakfast was decent too.
5 I booked 2 rooms through hotels.com and requested the rooms next to each other.  They were able to accommodate us even though they were booked.  That was a really nice start.  The rooms were small, but comfortable and clean.  The bathroom was surprisingly big.  The staff here were all very nice too.  After about 3 hours, our mini fridge still wasn't getting cold so we called front desk.   A guy was there in less than 5 min and checked it.  They brought us a new fridge and everything was done in less than 10 min.  Crazy great service right??  Breakfast was pretty damn awesome too.  Breakfast potatoes, gravy, eggs, sausage, french toast, waffles,  and a lot more. My only complaints: the beds were uncomfortable.... it felt like an air mattress underneath.  And parking spaces were small.  Of course there were big trucks that I had to park next to and everyone had to get out of the car before I parked, leaving less than a foot on each side.  That royally sucked.  But it wasn't that bad,  we had a great time and the place was very clean. Ok so after we got home, my boyfriend noticed a $250 smoking charge on his account.  I freaked out and called the hotel and told them that we always went up to the 5th floor (they have a big balcony area that you can smoke at).  The supervisor, Brianna, told me that there was evidence of smoking and that I signed a paper saying that we would not smoke in the hotel room.   She was nice, but I was a little irritated.   Yes, we had a few smokers with us.  But we never smoked inside the rooms.   So after a few emails and phone calls, the situation was resolved.  Brianna handled everything very professionally and never once was crass or condescending.   I was very impressed with the way she handled the situation and took the time to look into what had actually happened.  (A friend said that the ashtray was full on the balcony so she put her trash into a disposable cup.  She threw it away in the trash can in the hotel room.  If they looked on the cameras, you can her do so.)   But many places wouldn't have looked into the situation.  They would have just billed the $250 and left it at that.  I am very happy with the way everything was handled and I will definitely be back!!
