5 I just have to say I am thoroughly pleased with my choice of a new naturopathic physician.  I am currently seeing Dr. Valentina Khoury Dubasik at Shea Wellness Group.  She is wonderful!  She takes the time to listen to all my concerns, is very patient and understanding.  She offers many alternatives.  She is not judgmental as I have experienced with past physicians.  She is willing to work with you to come up with a plan that you can succeed at (I am seeing her for predominantly weight issues, possibly related to insulin resistance).  I highly recommend her!  She spends quite a bit of time with me at each visit making sure we have covered all that needs to be covered, and I really appreciate that.  The office staff at SWG is also awsome, very helpful and friendly!  If you are looking for a great naturopath, she's the one!
5 I found Shea Wellness Group through a business networking connection. I'm glad I came to check out the office and sign up for acupuncture treatment. The front office staff is friendly and courteous. I got my treatment from Dr. Valentina Khoury Dubasik. She's friendly, caring and very knowledgeable about naturopathic and conventional western medicine practices. I came here to find an alternative to the western medicine approach of swallowing a pill for my chronic conditions. I found my answers a Shea Wellness Group. I am impressed by how many different services they offer and the wealth of information available about non-traditional treatments such as herbal remedies, acupuncture, and some treatments I've never heard of. The prices are reasonable which was a relief to me because I have a high deductible plan and pay for most services out of pocket. I found Shea Wellness Group, especially Dr. Khoury, to be passionate about naturopathic medicine. I'm glad I know I have other treatment options, delivered with care at Shea Wellness Group.
5 I have been going to Shea Wellness for massages from Ed for about a year now.  I continue to go because other places lack in there skill and there ability for a comfortable environment. Ed is very professional and concerned about helping you to get rid of all those uncomfortable lumps in your body that store your stress. I prefer a deep tissue type of massage and Ed's hands are perfect for that. I would and have recommended him to friends the same way he was recommended to me.
