5 My wife and I loved the show.  Laughed/smiled through the whole performance. very talented singers and dancers and extremely creative producers. A very different kind of burlesque show.  Definitely sexy, but also kinda kinky, weird, and humorous.
1 Saw Zombie Burlesque opening night. We found  a Groupon that had two tickets for $50 and we definitely paid too much.   The show is set in a zombie club and run by a zombie host. There are multiple  short skits featuring zombies and 2 humans over two hours. The skits have little-to-nothing to do with each other and there are  some that don't have any real point. There is a Black comedian that makes horrible jokes about Black people throughout his set (he comes on multiple times).  The Good The aerial artist is very talented (but the song she performs to about girls being stupid was NOT okay).  The contortionist was bananas! He did things with his body (and torso specifically) that made me want to look and, alternately, vomit.  One of the zombies had a GREAT body.  One of the zombies was very into the burlesque aspect of the performance.  The Bad Most of the performances weren't funny.  There was  little-to-no sexiness.  The "comedy" made fun of  women (usage  of the term "fish") and Black people (the whole first set).  The theater is tiny.  The seats are all on the floor so if you're short you don't have a chance in hell of  seeing most of the show.  There was no line to get in and we all had to crowd around the doorway jockeying for position.  It was waaaaay too long.
4 I think this is a great show for the money. It was only $27. The singing and dancing were great and I laughed a lot. My main complaint was the seating. It was hard to see at times since everyone was on the same level.
4 Zombie Burlesque is a new show in Last Vegas Nevada. First time seeing a burlesque show and this one was good. It was entertaining to watch. Not recommended for teens or kids but is a good show to watch with a date or friends. As the name of the show suggest, all the actors and actresses are zombies and they tell a story. Lots of singing and dancing. You even get a free jelly shot during the middle of the show.
5 Yes the stage is small, but I feel it gives a bit of an up close and personal feel. Don't let the intro fool you, the opening act makes it feel kinda strange but it picks up quickly.  This show isn't for a prude Yes. I would go again.
2 Was a spur of the moment decision to see this, they had some "VIP" seats left for same day and they gave us a bit of a discount (matching some online coupons that we didn't possess at the time). VIP seats are assigned and the first 10 or so rows, the rest are first come first serve.  First, an "8:30" show that we were told to arrive by 8:20 for to be seated. At 8:50, as we were on our 30th minute of being crammed together with a couple hundred of our new closest friends in the undersized bar/waiting area, I wasn't feeling too VIPish, and my mood was pre-soured. Once finally allowed into the theatre, it was like "wow". They clearly spared no expense in constructing this modern masterpiece that could easily make Shakesphere feel at home. Wait, no, sorry got confused. I could replicate the entire theatre, seats, stage, and all, with a $100 Home Depot gift card. It clearly was shoehorned into a spare room. Maybe that was the point, but as others have said, the entire seating area is at the same level, so even with decent VIP 5th row seats it was hard to see everything, back of the theatre to me would be unwatchable. The show itself was fairly entertaining. Not memorable but not bad. The performers were enthusiastic. I'd say worth it if you can get decent seats at a discount and drink ahead of time so you aren't perturbed by the shortcomings of the theatre and process to get in, and zombies are your thing. For our performance there wasn't any racial jokes as others have said, and certainly nothing offensive for an adult crowd in Vegas.
1 Horrible, this is the most unorganized theatre show ever! I would waste $10 on an event like this. Put it this way a high school production has a better set up than this.
4 My boyfriend and I purchased two general tickets on Groupon for $49 then paid an additional $59 for an upgrade to VIP seating and two alcoholic beverages with a souvenir cup.  The Bar: I honestly don't think getting the drinks was worth it.  They don't check you for food or drink so you could easily brink in your own can of soda or water if you think you will get thirsty.  My boyfriend ordered a Pina Colada and it was the worst I have ever tasted.  I got the Tropical Bay Breeze which was weak but very tasty.  I had to pay another dollar for it though because it has Malibu in it.  Refills are $10 except mine which was $11.  They have you wait in this tiny bar area until the doors to the theater open, (which they did not open until 10 minutes past the start of the show time which was 830 pm)  The Theater:  It is VERY small but functional for it's purpose.  General seating is on a first come first serve basis.  If you arrive too late you will be stuck sitting on folding chairs in the back.  Early arrivers get the comfy padded benches.  I recommend paying the extra money for VIP seating because you get to sit in the first 5 rows.  (We sat in the first row, which i do not recommend because you have the stage lights shining in your face and you are right next to the bass which is annoying during some parts of the show.  Try and get the second or third row if possible.)  Even though the tickets have seat numbers on them it is a lie they make you basically make you sit in a strangers lap and pack you in like a cow.  Everyone in our row was average weight and managed to be comfortable and still have some space between us.  The Show: The show was very funny.  It had a great storyline that really immersed you into the setting.  Each performer has their own special talent that they showcase at the zombie club from singing, to ballet, to pole dancing, ect.  The women are just beautiful and our host was crazy funny!  They did have a technical issue the last half of the show where their background lost input so it was black the rest of show but we didn't even care because the performers are what made the show!  After the show: There is an opportunity to meet and greet with the cast and take pictures!  Even though I already know what the show is like.  I would pay to see it again.  SPOILER:  ********** Men in the front rows get chosen to be volunteers.  So be willing to be a good sport if you sit in VIP.
4 So I bought a VIP ticket with the Yelp promo. It was worth the extra money because I sat in the second row and got a free drink in a souvenir cup. The show was funny and silly but not for the PC crowd. If you are easily offended then pass. This is a burlesque show so keep in mind there is nudity and sexual jokes, common sense but sometimes you have to spell it out.   Just a word of advice male or female if you sit in the first three rows there is a good chance you could be made to participate. I know this because the host jumped on my lap and rubbed my head with a fake hand. While I probably looked all doe eyed and uncomfortable. I'm guessing I was not as uncomfortable as the guy behind me that was pulled on stage strapped down and had his nipples pinched. All in all I would go again especially with the discount
5 Funny, sexy, talent-filled. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed this show. Highly underrated.
1 I have no doubt based on the way everyone around me was laughing that the show was funny.  However, I could not see a damn thing due to how tightly crammed together the seats were.  I was towards the front of the general seating, which was row of folding chairs.  The person in front of me was rather tall and there was no way for me to see around him to the performance.  If I had tried to poke my head around to see around him I would have been putting my head in the lap of the stranger next to me.  Don't waste your money if you are short.
4 Fun show. Something for everyone... him,  her and gay! Sexy yet funny.  We had a great time.
4 My husband and I came a few weeks ago on a Monday night using a 50% off coupon. Like other reviewers have mentioned, the waiting area is cramped and the theater is very small. The size of the theater works, though, because it makes the show more intimate.   From start to finish, I was wowed. The performers singing had fantastic voices and the numbers were so much fun and enjoyable. Several times, my husband was laughing very loudly which was a good sign. For one of the numbers, jello shots were brought out for everyone...how much fun is that? We had such a blast.
5 A fantastic show. The emcee was great and the show entertaining and risqué and everything you could want in a burlesque show. The girls were excellent, the ballet segment lovely, the men great and Mikey a perfect touch. I would happily go back the next time we are in town.
5 This was such a fun show- we used the yelp discount and got VIP- we ended up in the 2nd row and it was totally worth it. The host was amazing and all of the performers were talented in their own right. I especially loved the singing and the guy who could bend his body in a million different ways- it was incredible. I loved the whole thing- I was crying laughing in some parts too.  The theater is small but I think it works for this type of show- drinks were a little hard to get but again not that important as the show was a great price and just good entertainment! Must see if your in town and like shows like absinth and other risqué comedy.  I will see it again:)
5 We really enjoyed this show. It probably helped that we got a great deal on Groupon and that because we purchased these tickets we had the opportunity to purchase tickets to any other shows at Planet Hollywood at 50% off.  But even at full price we would've been glad to see this show. It was easily one of the better ones we saw on our entire trip. Very talented dancers and singers. The emcee was really good and had everyone laughing, and the aerial act in particular was very good.
5 Such a good show! We got half price tickets through tix4tonight and paid the extra money to sit closer to the front. There was tons of audience participation, so if you don't want to be involved sit farther back. The show deffinately had some sexual content, so if you are easily offended don't see this show. It was super fun and they give everyone a free Jell-O shot!
3 I bought my tickets on Vegas.com, so I paid more than I should have, apparently!!! Dammit!  I also thought this was a burlesque show, not a musical comedy. I hate musicals. I have to say, I was disappointed overall, because I was thinking this would be less of a stage show and more of a casual lounge-type environment... instead it was bench seating in a narrow theater. It was also lots of singing and barely any boobs.   Moral of this yelp story: If you, like other yelpers, apparently, know what to expect (comedy, singing, very little boobies and very few glimpses of them) and you still want to attend this show, you will like it more than I did.
4 This was a great show. We sat in the front row and it was not too close despite our worries. The theater is small but perfect for the type of show. The seats in the VIP section are long pews that look considerably more comfortable than the other chairs. It is worth the upgrade.    The show itself was entertaining. Their singing voices were all very good. And the different acts were varied and all well done. On top of which, it was funny.
5 I did not expect the show to be that good.. It was funny and sexy and great interaction with the crowd. The host is awesome..  i was so happy to hear all the music was done by the performers and the band..   I would recommend this show to people who love zombies...  AWESOME!!!!!!
5 Zombie Burlesque, what a sexy, hilarious, crass, fun surprise you were! I can't wait to go back!  So, what the heck is this show. Here's the premise. Zombies invite humans to their ultra hip hangout, Club Z! How do they refrain from eating us, they are vigilantly Zombies, they eat prisoners!  I'm not going to go much further than that, but the show had a wide variety of acts. Comedy, live band, live singing, sexy dancers, original songs, acrobatics, audience participation, and cool visual effects. A little bit of everything!  I smiled and laughed the whole time. I would say this show is PG-13/R-lite. Definitely great to see with your friends or a lover.   Pro Tip: Upgrade to VIP, the seating is all one level and theater space is awkward. It's best to be up close up and not stuck behind a Shaq.  ProTip 2: Locals have a 50% discount.
4 I had a great time at the show, it was my first one ever in Vegas and it was good. The theater room was smaller and intimate though that didnt affect the performance at all.  All the performers were in incredible and they would interact w/ the crowd for a couple diff segments. They had a contortionist as well and he was just amazing twisting his arms and shoulders like I had never seen. The ladies on stage were all beautiful and in incredible shape.   Check this show out if you can, the comedy is a bit crass for some but that I prefer.
5 I very much enjoyed this show. Seating is all one level and I went on a sold out night with no seating available for an upgrade so I was seated towards the back. Thankfully I was behind a rather short person so I had a fairly good view throughout the entire show. Next time I'll be sure to buy tickets in advance to get a closer spot.  The host was funny, the dancing and music was fun and catchy. I'd love to get a soundtrack. The show itself isn't actual burlesque that you'd expect from a lounge setting so the name is a little misleading BUT, it's still worth a visit. The actors have great comedic timing and will interact with you on and off the stage; they hand out free jello shots during the show, and it's just a fun night out for everyone. I'll definitely go again.
4 The show was awesome. The small theatre and all level seating made it really feel like a place these types of shows would have been at one point in our history.  Performers were awesome!, Funny, Talented it was a great time.  Be warned it hardly does any good to show up early. There is no line. You are directed to have a seat in the bar area and wait until they say they are ready to let you in. If you do go stand over on the wall next to the waitress station, between there and the pass thru to get in first. Several rows are blocked off for the upgraded seating.
3 The show was good and funny but SUPER strange. If you aren't comfortable with girls stripping down to nothing but a thong and tassels (and in one instance, only tassels!), then DO NOT see this show! The main 'zombie' announcer was super funny and made everyone feel included. I'm taking away stars because the V Theater staff were HORRIBLE! We had tickets for row C but they gave us row D tickets... They never explained why they switched the rows, but it was rude. I told the lady we had row C, and she blew me off and asked for the next customer. It was insanely rude and I wanted to almost shove the tickets back in her face! Good show, but weird and horrible customer service from Planet Hollywood. Also: GET BENCH SEATS!
2 We had a coupon for $20 each ticket for this show, and I think it was still too much.  We saw this show on a whim, not really knowing what to expect. But it seems pretty straightforward, right? Zombies. Burlesque. Cool.  Out of the 75 minute show, I think we got about 15 minutes of actual burlesque. The rest of the show was the unfunny host talking... and talking... and making crappy jokes... and let me tell you, I am ALL about offensive jokes, but these ones were just tasteless and fell completely flat. I just wanted the host to shut up. They REALLY did not make it clear anywhere that this show is more of a musical and an ATTEMPT at a comedy.   Even the burlesque we got was a little disappointing, because the girls were hardly made up as zombies, if at all! I didn't expect full body paint or anything (despite the banner for the show), but most of the girls just had some white paint on their faces and nowhere else on them, no blood, and one girl had NO zombie makeup at all!  The stage is TINY, and all of the seats are on one level. Unless you paid extra for bench seats, you're screwed.   At least we got free jello shots... good thing they were strong, because it was about a teaspoon of jello.
4 We saw the show last night using the Living Social deal we got. It was $49 for two tickets (or $28 for one), and all you have to do is go day of to the theater to pick up your actual tickets. They'll try to upgrade your tickets to VIP for $20 each. If you want to increase your chances of being part of the show, it's worth it... or if you want to be closer to the action.  The theater isn't raised seating, so you got to cross your fingers that you don't get someone too tall in front of you. Also, it's under construction. There are tarps up everywhere, and the ground is broken up in places. They have caution tape up. I guess it adds to the theme...? The show itself is pretty good. It was a lot better than expected. Most of it is quite cheesy, but I'm a sucker for cheesy. The only part I really didn't care for was when it got quite preachy towards the end... making it awkward. They have different acts, like most Las Vegas shows... singing, ballet, acrobatics, contortionist, etc. During the show, they hand out jello shots, which is a nice touch. At the beginning of the show, a lady comes around asking if you want to buy drinks. I'd say it was a good show, but I'm good with just seeing it once.
4 Great great show! Get there early! Get up front at the waiting line by the bar. Line up starts at 8pm right by the 2nd floor entrance. you don't wanna be at the back of the theater. its a flat level theater so general admission means 1st come 1st serve if you don't upgrade you will be sitting at the rear half. Show is great with a GREAT live band and the best version of Bjork's "Oh so quiet.....sh sh" (other than Bjork's, of course) Singing, dancing, contortionists, acrobatics and even burlesque....... all awesome.
5 We went this past weekend and had an amazing time! What a show! We had VIP seats and were in the 3rd row. I would only recommend VIP seats, as the seating is flat, so if you are in the back I think it would be really hard to see. My husband and I were chosen to play the couples game up on the stage and that was AMAZING!!The show is super funny with lots of dirty jokes and the burlesque dancers were great.
5 A lot of fun, lots of laughs, great music. I recommend you splurge for up front tickets, not a big theatre but much better to sit up front
5 This show is phenomenal!!! The musical is so well put together and the cast is wonderful!!! It was not what I was expecting at all (in a good way) and I will definitely say that anyone who is planning on going to Vegas absolutely needs to see this musical!
5 5 Stars for the performers and negative 5 stars for customer service!!! Entire experience started out awful from the lines to pick up tickets from Will Call (45 minutes and there was only 4 people in front of us) to no one knowing what they were doing.  I was over the entire experience before it even started.  Seats in general admission were raised in the theater we were in tonight, but were really tiny.    The performers "Zombies" were talented and hilarious!  I rated show 5 stars because  I wouldn't want anyone to miss out on the show.  Would highly suggest providing more training to staff who are not performers.
5 Very fun! We went last night to celebrate my 30th bday! 3 girls and 3 very manly men who got lots of surprises while there. It was hilarious. They involve the audience, the drinks are stout, and they make the whole show lively. Hoping next time we come something similar is showing, so we can go see it at the V theatre.
5 i F@$#in love this show. It's fresh, funny, and completely original. It takes you back in time in the 50s during an atomic blast where Zombies live with us. The Zombies are the sexiest girls though. My favorite show on the strip.   Good to take a fun date!
5 Went to Club Z for my birthday and it was a blast!! We purchased discounted tickets on livingsocial and it was super affordable. Once there, we upgraded to VIP & I'm so happy we did! The show has such a fun story line and variety. We were laughing the entire time, the host is magnificent and does a sexy rendition of "I Put a Spell on You." The burlesque dancers manage to be enticing and classy all at the same time! (I came with my Husband and didn't once feel uncomfortable). The comedy is genius and you'll wish it never ends.  I left feeling super upbeat and even ran into some cast members after and took pictures together.  The drinks are strong and oh so yummy! I suggest you purchase a $10 drink voucher , it will save you about $5 off of your first drink. I only wish there was a zombie burlesque in LA so I can go again.
1 I upgraded our 6 tickets to VIP for $116 dollars. It was my bachelorette party and I wanted to treat my girls.  I was told that my whole party would sit together, and also we would get half off our first round of drinks. BIG rip off....we did not get what we were promised. One person had to sit in a different row and we did not get half off drinks.The management refused to refund my money. The show was great but the rest of the experience was awful.
5 Wow what an amazing and fun show!  Witty, sexy, edgy with terrific bits of audience participation.  I usually can't wait for Vegas shows to be over- this one I wish was longer! Catch it before the price goes up; IMO the VIP tickets are worth the premium.  I would watch it again, which I cannot honestly say for any other Vegas show currently.
5 Really really fun!!
5 My wife and I saw the Zombie Burlesque for our anniversary. We are both fans of the campy fun that burlesque can provide. Having said that, what is there to add about Zombie Burlesque? I doubt that George Romero himself could have imagined zombies in such a sexy, fun environment. Its worth getting tickets early and up front. The performers are amazing (and flexible :)) This show is perhaps one of the best we've seen in Vegas over the years.  Please believe me that I'm not just saying this because I had a lovely young zombie splayed across my lap, tearing out my throat and enjoying a repast on my brains. (the sequin imprints on my cheek was well worth it) The musical numbers were outstanding. The dancers amazing. The aerilist gave two performances worthy of some of the higher end shows in Vegas.  It would be an understatement to say I'm a Zombie Burlesque fan. After one show I believe I'm a devotee. I have tickets a few months from now to be up front again, to experience it all again, to have another night with my wife worthy of remembering again.  If you're visiting Vegas, get tickets as far in advance and as up close as you can, and if you live here what are you waiting for? These Zombies are the sexiest, funniest, and most amazing attraction in Vegas.
5 Show was funny and entertaining.   I went in with mid range expectations but they where all met.   The venue is a bit strange which I was apprehensive when we where sat, but it ended up being very entertaining.  If you are looking for a out of the ordinary good time, do this!  If you are uncomfortable with getting out of yourself and want to see singing and dancing and not off color humor, do not go.
5 Went for a friends birthday and had a blast! The show was fantastic and the people in the show even came out after to take pics with everyone! I would see it again.
4 We had a great time.  Funny and entertaining from the start.  The singing was pretty good and the routines were a lot of fun.  The vip tickets were worth it to us, you can pick them up later, you get an assigned seat with more of a chance for audience participation, and you get to go in early.  I used the yelp coupon code and got half off so it came out to about 45 each, definitely worth it.  They give out free jello shots also.  The only thing I would have liked better is more nudity, for our particular show the girls went to pasties, and one girl gave a quick glimpse of her butt.
5 Zombie Burlesque was amazing!! Everyone should go see it!! Super sexy and funny!! Just the right amount of cheesy! The actors were awesome! The songs and dances were great! They even gave out vodka lime Jell-O shots! How awesome?!?! They had this guy who had been on Americas got Talent!! His performance was freakishly cool!! I definitely recommend going to see it! Not too expensive and the drinks are huge!! :)
4 Very fun show! Probably would've even been better if I'd had a few drinks before/during the show. Good mix of adult humor, excellent dancing, clever storytelling, filthy jokes, audience participation, and some excellent live music.
5 I bought this off of groupon because this was one of the cheapest shows I could find.  My expectations were low because of the price.  I had not read a single review or even read what this is about.  I was wrong!  this show is so good! Now I love Zombies.  Hot, near naked, an foul mouth zombies?  Yes!  This is a 50 styles show.  There was a lot of funny jokes and topless scenes!  The show is about an hour long and everyone danced and sang well!  I also like seeing "Turf" from America's Got Talent!  His performance was amazing!  Seriously, so many shows are near the $100.00 range.  This cost me less then $20 a person plus I got a jello shot!  If you love zombies, bad jokes, titties, and on a budget this show is for you!
4 Amazing from start to finish. Zach at the box office was super helpful and extremely polite.  The theater is a very small and in your face theater, which is a nice change from some of the ginormous theaters. We were in the very front row, I would recommend going from seat two and up. In the first row you just get blinded by the lights and have to crane your neck a little.  The show was amazing. The host, the cast, tiny bubbles and turf. They were all amazing and obviously talented. I laughed from start to finish of the show.   After you get to meet some of the cast. They were amazing and still continued the laughs even after the show was over.  Big bonus, military discount!
5 Hilarious, sexy, and Jell-O shots! Very cute production, the host had us laughing the entire time.
5 It seems like there have been some big changes since the original yelp reviews.  The seating is no longer all one level.  The theater slopes towards the front, so there's not a bad seat in the house.  There are also no benches.  It's basically like a tiny movie theater.  The show itself was awesome!  It definitely erred on the side of raunchy, but that's to be expected at a Burlesque show.  The host was hilarious, the female singer was amazing, and the talent portions were very entertaining.  A few notes for the audience:  Seating is supposedly "first come first serve"; HOWEVER, no matter what time you get there, you'll end up sitting in the upstairs bar area until they open the doors 30 minutes before the show.  Then it's a free-for-all.  We wanted "good" seats, so we got there an hour early as recommended.  Not worth it!  Just show up 30 minutes ahead of time and you'll be fine.  Also, VIP is not worth it.  We didn't do it, and we were literally seated one row behind the VIP people.    There are lots of 50% off tickets available (including via Yelp), so definitely check it out!
5 One of my favorite shows I've seen in vegas yet. Small Venue, a REAL band with a terrific performance.  A little crowd participation too. Lots of fun, will go back for the Evil Dead show!
4 We bought tickets to this on groupon. It was pretty fun. I think I expected a little more or maybe a bigger auditorium? Despite my expectations we had a good time. i just dont think I'd buy this at regular price. Our favorite performance was the contortionist.  That was pretty impressive!
5 Outstanding entertainment.  Our party of six sat in the second row and practically fell over each other to avoid being in the vulnerable aisle seat... my wife lost, and was duly eaten by a female zombie at the end of the show (though a very attractive one, so she didnt mind).  The MC is superb, and the rest of the cast gifted athletes and dancers.  The jokes are predictably groan-worthy and deliciously tasteless.  A great way to spend an evening.... it was a highlight of our trip to Sin City.
