3 Well, we really wanted to love this place, and we will definitely be going back to give them another try. They've just opened, so still having some growing pains, clearly. Same owners of the previous restaurant in this location (Cancun), and they have quite a bit of experience with Italian restaurants. Our waiter claimed to be from Italy, and was very friendly and helpful (though he forgot to put in the order for our appetizer - Vegan Carpaccio - zucchini and arugula! - turned out to be a blessing in disguise cuz we were stuffed anyway, without it). Really good bread, served with oil and balsamic. Nice wine list, and not too pricey. Lots of wine by the glass options - I had a Sangiovese for $5.50. We kept seeing the food runner wandering around with plates of food, destination unknown - tried to give us plates twice, before we had even ordered. Hubby ordered pizza, but was served the wrong one - he liked the toppings on the one he received, so didn't say anything. Toppings were good - pancetta, artichokes, mushrooms and anchovies, but the crust was not good - doughy on top, too crunchy on the bottom. I went with my staple seafood pasta with red sauce. It was AWESOME and not good, at the same time. The shrimp, clams and scallops were AMAZING - and lots of it! But the swordfish was fishy tasting - I picked it all out after the first couple of bites. Not a big fan of mussels or octopus, but I dutifully ate it - cooked well. The pasta was cooked PERFECTLY, and the sauce was delicious. They did a really great job converting the decor over to Italian...very comfortable and pleasant. We are for sure going to give them another chance, on the basis of their pasta skilz alone. Very yummy.
2 This is a restaurant with a serious identity crisis. We came here at around 4:30 on a weekday and were greeted and seated promptly. Given that this is a new business and an odd time of day, we pretty much had the place to ourselves. It would have been nice and quiet if it weren't for the disruptive noise of a small child running around the bar/kitchen area for the first 30 minutes or so.  Although the atmosphere is warm and cozy, it's obvious that this location was formerly a Mexican restaurant (Cancun) and didn't give an Italian vibe at all. Spanish tiles and other Latin-inspired decor are still present, as are signs promoting Mexican beers. Staff members appeared to be of Hispanic descent and were heard speaking Spanish. The background music was also very odd and not appropriate for an Italian restaurant. Not only was it too loud, but the song styles were inconsistent and some were clearly Spanish/Mexican.  The service was very attentive and we promptly received bread with olive oil and balsamic. The bread was good but the oil had an off flavor and didn't taste authentic. Upon studying the menu, some of the selections seemed a bit unusual/non-traditional, as if improvised, with many of the more familiar entrees absent. Our dinners arrived in a reasonable amount of time but were only lukewarm. I ordered a pasta item and was disappointed with the small pieces of pancetta and prosciutto, although the portion size was good. It was also lacking flavor and intensity. However, my friend's salmon fillet-topped salad, was very good he said. We shared a tiramisu, one of my favorite desserts, but it too was lacking the rich texture and flavor I'm used to.  I'm not sure why this place is posing as an Italian restaurant when it's clearly destined to be Mexican. There are too many authentic Mediterranean-style restaurants in Madison to ever consider returning to this location. I think the proprietors should do what comes naturally instead of trying to reinvent themselves and be something they are not.
4 Was our backup choice for dinner when initial had too much of a wait. Service was good, very prompt. Food was good, not fabulous , actually commented that the recipe I use for meatballs is better. Will probably make a return visit.
3 Came here for lunch over the January restaurant week. Three out of our party of four chose to do the $15 Restaurant Week prix-fixe, for which the portions were absolutely enormous- some of the largest "appetizer" sized salads I've ever seen, fish fillets that were likely close to a full fish, and a minimum two-serving sized mound of pasta. Our fourth had a panini and fries, which were generously portioned as well. While all the food was fine, there was nothing that really stood out as exceptional (or exceptionally bad). Our service was very quick, with our drinks being replenished frequently and without interrupting the meal. Overall, a fine place to stop for a quick weekday lunch, but not necessarily a place I'd seek out for return visits.
5 My family including grandma came here for a celebratory dinner and had a fabulous time. It was my grandma's birthday and the staff really went out of their way to make her feel special.  I had what I think was called Penne con Salmon and it was out of this freaking world. I daydreamed about it for days afterward and I know I will order it again.  It had lox and fresh salmon in it, and it was so perfectly creamy and well-spiced. My family members also enjoyed their dishes and the drinks were all fantastic. Our wait staff was wonderful - professional, non-intrusive, friendly, and quick. Plus one of them personally serenaded my grandma in Italian and she loved it!  I absolutely want to come again and hope to be known as the regular who always orders that salmon dish!
4 The pasta dishes show some imagination and used tasty ingredients.  The fried Calamari was excellent.  The wait staff was very friendly and efficient.  The price for each dish was very reasonable.  Servings were ample.
4 First time lunch experienced with a co-worker.  Attentive service and very good food.  We were served hot bread right away which smelled delicious and tasted wonderful.  We both enjoyed the Cesar salad which was perfectly dressed, and we split the Margherita pizza.  The pizza was good but was missing the tomatoes.  And we split the Profiteroles which was a tasty dish.   There was Italian music playing overhead at a soft volume so they must have corrected that from another review. But whatever station or CD they were using included Christmas songs!  But it was snowing a little so could have been just showing a sense of humor.   I would definitely return. Would be a good place for a larger group lunch.  Plenty of space and a nice menu selection.
5 Seriously loved this place. ("Love", actually, since I'm still here. Great food, gluten free options, very friendly. Hope they can make a go of it. The house salad had a wonderful variety of flavorful, fresh greens. The Rigatoni Salsiccia and the Penne Genovese were great.
3 We decided to eat here last night for an impromptu dinner out. I had read mixed reviews but the menu looked good, so we decided to try it. We arrived at the restaurant around 7:15, and were seated immediately. Only about 1/4 of the tables were filled. The atmosphere is cozy and Italy-like. I wouldn't have known this formerly served as a Mexican restaurant if other reviewers hadn't mentioned it!  We were immediately given warm bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The bread was ok, but the oil/vinegar tasted someone "off." Somewhat bitter. My husband and I both ordered their house salad (Insalata Della Casa) first. They were delicious! A pile of fresh, assorted greens, tomatoes, cucumbers and shaved carrots was mixed with their house Italian dressing. We were both pleasantly surprised at the $4 price tag for a pretty generous salad. Nonno's has such an extensive menu that deciding on an order took some time. Being a vegetarian, I typically find 3 or 4 dishes to choose from. Here, there were at least 10 dishes I could have ordered. I eventually decided on the Pasta Integrale (whole wheat pasta, wild mushrooms, spinach, red wine tomatoe sauce) for $13. My husband ordered the cheese Ravioli, which was served in a vodka tomato sauce, also $13. The portion sizes were HUGE. We easily could have split my dish. My husband's Ravioli was superb! My dish was ok, but not great. It tasted a bit "gritty," as though all of the mushroom dirt hadn't been cleaned off. Or maybe the mushrooms were just wilder than I'm used to.   Our waiter was quite nice, very talkative, and offered suggestions.   Overall all, I will eat here again, but will not order the Pasta Integrale. I hope to try their desserts!
