5 Loved this little place. A true local gem, with great brews and good food!
5 It's taken a long time but we finally have a small local brewery by us in the west valley.  Throughout my posts you will quickly learn this side of town is just missing the love when it comes to good local joints.  But no more, we found out about a small brewery that is located in the small historic corner of Litchfield Park.   The menu is still a work in progress but they have a few snacks and sandwiches that will help you soak up some great pints.  They have about 7 different brews, they have a few IPA's, an oatmeal stout and a red ale too.  The black IPA is awesome and my personal favorite.    The ambiance is very small, the seating for this place is definitely at about 25 people if that. One of the owners, Neil is there talking and greeting customers and he had been brewing for over a decade and cares about the quality and feedback, I suggest you stop by and support their shop.
5 Not many true microbreweries in west Phoenix but this one is pretty solid! Small, intimate bar, very limited space and everyone is very close when it's full which isn't necessarily a bad thing. Beers taste great (they were still naming the on the spot)! Menu limited to 3 basic items, but hell, a brewery should keep it simple! Well done, keep it going!
5 The litchfield taproom is a brewery near the wigwam with an old world feel that has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly, fantastic beer! Can't wait to go again!
2 My boyfriend had an IPA which he said was great.  I had an amber beer but would rather have had a wine or lighter beer but they didn't gave that as a choice.  The place is a work in progress.   Needs some ambiance for sure. Dim the lights, add some mirrors (because it is so small, the mirrors will open it up a bit) add wine to your menu and chill your glasses.  Offer a lighter beer choice too.  Menu needs improvement.
5 Bartender was so cute and nice and the beer is really good- Paul's pale and pb porter!
4 I stumbled across this place after a failed attempt at a date - and after opening the door, was immediately greeted by the lovely and beautiful Erika.  She suggested a flight of beers - allowing me to try many of what they had on tap.  I agreed and after my first flight, I figured the best value was in having another one (6 oz. x 4 glasses for $8).  So that's exactly what I did, which was the right choice.  They have your garden variety IPA options, but what impressed me was their Strawberry Field Hef - it wasn't too wheaty, wasn't too sweet, and was quite refreshing.  That said, the beers tasted good, and the grilled ham and cheese, despite being a little too sweet for my taste, was a nice touch.  My advice would be spend some bucks on décor / ambiance and improve the menu slightly - and you've got something.  The brewmaster / owner was in the kitchen making the food, which I always find interesting - but until they get much busier that won't be an issue.  By the time I finished, there were three other couples in there sitting down for a drink - it seemed as if a place like this is well received, and I always love giving business to local brewers - craft beer is my absolute favorite.  I hope this place makes it!
4 This place is a solid find for the west valley craft beer scene.  Brown ale, chocolate stout, and red ale are all excellent. Haven't had the chance to try the others, but I will.
