4 Re-locating from the location at 395 Hughes Center Drive where Starbucks hold the memories to remember and recall.  My favorite Starbucks Coffee Shop that just melts me like butter on pancakes, like whipped cream over hot chocolate is now in a newer, bigger location transferring from 395 Hughes Center Dr. to this location by the corner of Hughes Center Parkway, on E. Flamingo Road. So it is a welcoming place as it is a stand-alone building that's newly-built. Wide, panoramic windows lets in the light for a brighter feel with roadside views. Oh, to just people-watch or rather vehicles-passing-by-watch for the watcher in you! As expected, the effervescence of hot brewed coffee permeates the air and lingers to my nostrils' delight! Jazz music adds to the vibe, allowing my senses to relax and imbibe on a beverage of my choice. Take a pick from nice brewed green hot tea, decaffeinated coffee, cool iced tea, delicious coffee, and  various beverages. Choices of baked goods from bagels, to cakes as well as sandwiches and an assortment of desserts, bagels, chips, nuts, meal wraps, dried fruit to whet your appetite. Imbibe, linger, socialize over delicious beverages indoors or outdoors on its small patio under green umbrellas for delighting in the fresh air. Also a breeze of a gain from getting feet off the ground just to obtain the beverage while on-the-run via its Drive-Thru service. Starbucks looks like a little castle surrounded by spaceousness. Ample parking surrounds the new contemporary building. Coffee Hours are from Mondays - Sundays at 4:30 AM - 12:00 AM...that's great hours for the owls and early risers. Coffee servers are ever attentive and happy to serve. Sip your favorite beverages or Coffee, anyone?
4 Only 4 weeks old and a brand new building including a drive through. This is one of the largest Starbucks I've visited. What a difference compared to the original location in Seattle which opened in 1971  The driveways from Howard Hughes weren't paved yet it's so new. The service was solid and selection of coffee and brew paraphernalia was impressive.   This will be a regular stop when I'm in town!
4 Busy place every time I've gone. So many offerings and combinations , it must drive the staff bonkers. They are about as friendly and efficient as they can be though. I have to order a "clover made" coffee now that SBUX only offers blends, which I don't like at all. Makes me spend more which I don't like either. I do like the clover coffees, but I don't like the thought that in order for ME to get what I like, I cannot simply order the regularly brewed coffee ( since it's always blended with coffees I dislike).  I've been to several SBUX in LV, and this IMHO, had the most outside seats, friendliest staff, and best choices.  Of all the chain stores in the world , SBUX is the only one I consistently seek out. However, their switch to "blended coffees"  as well as the consistently weak WiFi (I usually switch to my carrier's LTE) is causing me to re-evaluate my loyalty to SBUX.
4 The baristas w/o the Jeremy Piven headsets are the most customer service oriented. (IMHO). I guess the headsets are an attempt to be efficient, hip, and techie. But plain ole customer service is dipping slightly. I guess SBUX, once the Pike Place Market of the world, is trying to be the Tiffany/Prada of the world.  Still, when I travel, I seek out the chain because it is fairly consistent.
4 Seems this particular SBUX thrives on a crowd. The bigger the crowd, the more efficient the staff becomes. Gotta love that! I was maybe 15th in line- but it moved surprisingly quickly. The outside table clean-up is, at best, meh.  You get yer caffeine buzz AND yer crowd buzz at this joint. However, if you order an espresso, and ur eligible for a free re, you gotta get one of their blended coffees- no free re on anything else. To me, their blended coffees are ehh, no good. If you like ur coffee foo-foo'd up, mbe they're alright. I like mine like I like the night-black. No foo-foo.
5 I always go through the drive thru and they are so efficient and always so warm and friendly early in the morning. Love the new building and little drive thru. They are sooo efficient and have the process down like clockwork.
5 This is my favorite Starbucks.   It is a standalone building and it is quite modern.  Yes, the drive thru can be a bit hectic but that is because of its prime location, right off Flamingo.  That is not only great for the Starbucks believers but for the business itself.   Sharon typically works during the AM hours and it is amazing how one person along with a great cup of 'whatever you order' can enhance your day.  She is always pleasant and so friendly.
5 I go to Starbucks every day.  This was my first time at this new location on East Flamingo in the Howard Hughes Center.  The shop is roomy, it has lots of product (juices, pastries, and sandwiches--typical Starbucks stuff.  The wifi is free and it's fast--faster since Starbucks converted from AT&T to Google for their wifi.  There are two areas to sit outside.  There are some tables along the front and there's a patio on the east side.  Since the building is quite tall, it gives you shade in the afternoon.  There are plenty of chairs and one long table with stools where you can work with a laptop or just use your smartphone.  It's far enough away from UNLV that students won't walk here to hang, study, and otherwise be their normal pains in the butt as they are across Maryland Parkway from that Bucky.  This will just be a place where the adults come to use Bucky's wifi so they can conduct their businesses from their "office."  The staff was on the ball today and it was a good stop.  I'll be back again now that I know the store is open.
5 This has got to be my fave Starbucks to-date. Love the interior design. It's so spacious, modern and trendy inside. Service is friendly and fast. The drive-thru is convenient! If you're in Vegas, def check this Starbucks out :)
3 I think this location is pretty uncomfortable inside. Lots of army style metal chairs, and only 3 armless upholstered chairs clustered around a small table. Also, the new "boulangerie" pastries are tiny and unappetizing in appearance. The good news for old timer Starbucks customers like myself, is that I can still get a good cappuccino.
