4 This is a nice Thrift Store in the shopping center where the Big Lots, Walgreen and Dollar Tree are, Fiesta Village I think.  It's much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.  The merchandise is pretty decent but like most thrift stores these days it is a little on the high side. Things are organized and clean except when people allow their kids to wreak havoc making a mess, breaking things, ripping open bags and losing the pieces to games and toys.  I finally spoke to a clerk about it last time I was there.   Me: Who wants to be the "Crabby Old Lady of the Day??"  Me: ME!!! (Raises hand high!)  Then I proceeded to let them know, nicely,  that it was unsafe for all those toys etc to be strewn over the aisles where a nice old person who was a real customer was trying to walk. And that they are losing money on the broken and lost items. They were totally sympathetic and let it be known they agreed with me but couldn't do much about it due to liability or fear of being sued or whatever.    However, the employee went over and spoke to the kids in Spanish and resolved the problem.  Hopefully he was telling them that the Bruja over there was going to come eat their eyeballs out at night while they were sleeping if they didn't cut it out.    If I can ever remember to go on a Wednesday, that's Senior Day, 50% off.  They have different color tags on sale every day and certain catagories, like 30% off kids clothes on Thursdays.  I haven't gotten into the habit of going often enough to memorize these.
5 This place just opened in late November according to the banner outside. It's pretty big inside and it doesn't have that thrift store "smell" (yet?). As soon as you walk in they have a sign with the specials each day. Check their website for these, such as days for veterans, seniors, students, and even kids' deals. Also colored tags have different sale days for 50% off. The employee at the front also informed me the upcoming Saturday was 50% off. Not sure if its every Saturday, and I should have asked. I also appreciate their hours (open til 9) as most thrift stores besides goodwill close earlier. Later on, an employee also told me they are opening a location in Tempe soon and they have a couple other locations around the valley. They support The Children of Veterans foundation.   In the women's section, there are lots of newer merchandise from stores like Target and mall brands. Stuff that is maybe 2-5 years old. I couldn't find much older than that, so vintage shoppers this place isn't for you as of right now. I saw maybe 3 dresses that were over 20 years old. The jeans were  a bit older and saw a couple pairs of skinny jeans but most were boot cut. In shoes they had a pair of gold Anne Taylor flip flops brand new for $4 and nice snake skin Guess stilettos for $8. Yet under the glass up front they had a pair of BCGC Girls platforms for a bit higher.   The women's jackets/blazers were way overpriced, I saw some for $12 and some for $14 and $15. I also thought some of the outdated frames were overpriced at $10, but the rest of the store had reasonable prices.   The store was very organized with the exception of some girls jeans mixed in with the women's. Everything was clean and the employees were friendly and helpful. I don't think you'll find any one of a kind clothing items here right now, but rather some good semi-current fashion items. Although nothing particularly struck me, I see no reason why this place shouldn't get 5 stars.
5 Epic Thrift in Mesa opened in November, 2013...and it's conveniently located right around the corner from my house!  I have to admit, I LOVE this place.  I'm here at least once a week!!!   The store is nice and clean...especially for a thrift store.  It's very organized and easy to shop!  And the employees are all super nice!  It's a lot like Goodwill, you have different colored tags that represent the discount that day.  At least one Saturday a month everything in the entire store is 50% off!!!  And every time I shop there, I get a "buy one, get one free" coupon!!    There's a great selection of baby clothes (my 3 month old nephew has gotten some super cute outfits from there!!) and kids clothes (my 7 year old niece loves "Justice" brand clothing) and I find a ton of stuff for her there, at great prices!   Totally cool place, if you're a thrift-er, you gotta check this spot out!!!
3 get a load of the name of this place. way to set your customers up for feeling let down. Back to the volcano for a nap!
2 not so epic... DI had a lot more to choose from.
