5 Different than all the other clubs in Scottsdale. Very sophisticated, sexy and high class. Had a great time and will def be going back!
5 Cake is GORGEOUS! Not like your typical scottsdale club. You walk into a pure seductive scene of beautiful decor, amazing music and the lighting is next level! They have arielists that dance over the tables, last week they had a stilt walker! The cocktail waitresses have the cutest outfits and are all super sweet too which is a plus! So cool and so different! def have to check it out ASAP!
5 Game changer!! Cake Nightclub will honestly leave you speechless. This is definitely what Scottsdale needed and I highly recommend checking it out!
5 Cake Nightclub has brought a new vibe to Scottsdale! Great vibes, beautiful people and amazing service that comes along with it. Nothing expected, always something new :) highly recommended !
3 I came here on a Saturday night with a friend, despite being on the guest list the organization of the G.A. and G.L. lines were ridiculous. You don't know where to stand and when you ask staff, they are too busy for you. Right across at Mint there isn't this problem, they have dividers with signs, completely organized. It just looked like a bloody mess at Cake. Anyways, when we were finally in after a chaotic entry, we were suffocated. My friend immediately felt claustrophobic and wanted to leave. This is a  VERY small club.   There is a minuscule dance floor, and when I say minuscule, it is the tiniest I have ever seen. Cake made the error of adding an extra 2 VIP spaces ON the floor. If those were taken off the dance floor would be greatly larger, if not at least "normal" sized. It was actually hard spotting the dance floor because it was so small, and people were packed everywhere, on the dance floor, by the bar, in the walkways, every nook and cranny had a person. So you can imagine it was hard to simply get to the bar or bathroom, you know at a rock concert this is normal, at a club this is not. When I see The Used in March I expect this, not when I go to a nightclub.   It was so bad that I just gave up trying to get to the bathroom and we headed out to Mint.   Well the club itself is outrageously beautiful. Chandeliers galore, sexy go-go dancers, fancy ass interior and stunning decor. But really it's just eye candy, when you can't even dance properly or have room to move.   The crowd was young and attractive, a lot of people in their early and late twenties, and there is no cover charge for men and women.   Wish I could comment on their bathrooms, I bet they're beautiful, if only I could have gotten to them through that sardine pack.
1 Unfortunately I have to give this place a 1 star- I didnt even make it inside. I was with a group of 7 girls (Bachelorette Party) and they wouldnt let us in unless we bought a table. Meanwhile, while i was waiting for the doorman to find out if we can go in he was letting all his"homies" in and girls that well.. i dont know what kind of favors they did to get in. Anyway, I asked him politely to not waste my time and just let me know if we will be able to get in or not. If not, thats fine we will go somewhere else but dont let me stand there like a fool and watch while you let other people. Very rude.
1 This place is awful and racist. If you are not some skinny little bleach blonde white girl who is willing to flirt with gross older bouncers then you have no chance of getting in. If your a guy they want to you to pay $20 to get in as well and have a $50 minimum bar . This place is not worth it at all.
1 I went on Saturday and they obviously were only letting in White people. All shapes and sizes. Some pretty and some NOT so pretty. The only thing they all had in common was being White. Out of 7 people (3 girls/4boys) only 2 of our group was White. The only way they were letting our mixed race group in is if we paid a ridiculous amount of money. It wasnt even just purchase a bottle. It was large bar tabs for EACH guy, plus entrance fee for EACH guy AND a special $20 tip from EACH guy to enter this so called amazing club. This bar is racist. Spend your money somewhere else.
1 A nice club... If you ever get in. We went once on a Sunday night and had no problem getting in but we went one day on a weekend and that was another story...We were in the GA line a few minutes before they opened the doors. Since we were in line first we expected to be let in soon after they opened. This was a joke. We we waited in line for an hour and 50 minutes after they opened. Once the doors opened, they only let in groups through the exit doors. We were like ok maybe they have table/bottle service that's cool we will wait a little longer.  We continued to wait for 45 minutes. They would only let the "promoters" guests in only, or if you were a group of girls. They said they were full but let us know if they have more room. Meanwhile they were allowing girls, and other people bypass the line. It was a horrible experience. We kept asking the bouncer at the door when we will be let in and he said "soon". After waiting almost two hours we finally asked what we have to do to get in. He said because their "Guy to girl ratio is too high" which is BS because they kept letting guys in, we would have to pay $50 to get on plus a minimum of a $50 bar tab per person. This would have not been as bad IF THEY WOULD HAVE SAID THIS TWO HOURS AGO! Horrible service. Skip this place and go to somewhere where they actually care about others than the bottle/table service customers. If you don't pay $1500 for a table $250 for a bottle, then you won't be treated with dignity or respect. Go elsewhere.
5 So many desperate women, so little time.
