5 Sarah is amazing! I was so scared to cut my hair short, but she did such a good job. On top of that, I got a full head of highlights and not only was the price low, the quality was amazing. I've gone to other stylists in the past and have been overcharged and left with orange or brassy hair, but Sarah made sure my color was beautiful and consistent.
5 Sarah is great! I had my hair done by her and she was very professional and knew what she was doing! I had received a keratin treatment for my curly hair and not only was it a great price, but my hair has lasted for at least 7 weeks now! I agree with Rachael, this is a great place to get your hair done at an affordable price with great service. Thank you!
5 I've been going to see Sarah for some time and she has always provided excellent service. She has done everything from cut and color to Brazilian blowout. I definitely recommend her to anyone looking for great salon service!
5 My hair is ready for summer! Twelve weeks of smooth frizz free hair with a Brazilian blowout treatment. Sarah is a wonderful, cheery person filled with stories that pass the time. I left her salon feeling *very* purty.  As this was my first time having a Brazilian hair treatment Sarah carefully explained the process. Additionally she gave me a heads up prior to each step. I was surprised how glass like smooth my hair turned out. (Like silk!)   The salon is located on the ground floor of "Salon Studios". (Next door to Moda Fina.) Sarah offers flexible hours - including Mondays!  In addition to the straightening treatments (Brazilian, Keratin, Japanese Straightening) standard salon options abound. Hair cuts, color, highlights, shampoo/blowouts & up-do's.    I felt like I was visiting a friend vs. a generic salon. I smiled when I saw the wine glasses. (My kind of people!)   I would keep an eye out on Groupon to nab a killer deal. You won't regret it!
5 Had Brazilian keratin treatment done today. Really liked Sarah and setup of her studio. You are in a real salon type environment but no interaction with other patrons: Sarah has her own  studio. She did perfect job and time flew by: she has really fun easygoing personality. I will def be back for more services.
