5 I had no idea how much I missed two things I have found here already, and it is not even open yet! 1) An intimate theatre with a nice cocktail room attached, wow. 2) A real news stand, with Foreign Affairs, The New Yorker, ad so much more.  Thank you so much.
3 It's First Friday, not just any First Friday, the first of 2014.  ILL Brova (brother in law) was in town from Califas, along with some unknowing Vegas rookies.  This is not going to end well for some...so it is only fitting to kick off the year right by writing my first review off 2014.  So we split off a recon team and successfully gathered useful Intel at the Gold Spike, now on to the next rally point.  We stumbled in what looked to be an abandoned suite on the East side of the DMZ border of Fremont, THERE IS NO TURNING BACK NOW.  This is where all the bizare street performers, cigar smoking retirees sporting their local college T and nostalgic downtown Las Vegas ends...and the fun begins..our do I thought...  From the outs, it looks like a club straight out of a movie.  They got "Top Flight Security" handling business at the door, it was pretty amusing.  Upon entry, you could tell that the designer sure likes wood.  You will find an arena-like wooden bleacher design and a wall adorned with note worthy mags, nifty, but I'm not into reading on a bad, let alone reading with NVG's in the low light.  I hit up the lav that brought back a lot of memories I locked away, no not those kind of memories.  Sooooo... looks like the building team apparently had a account with the Dept. of Corrections, as the metallic toilet/sink combo was a nice touch.  A subconscious reminder of where not to end up after departing this establishment, perhaps?  Although it was a scavenger hunt to find the bar that is disguised as a cost check, but served as a a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow when we learned they could make an Old Fashion.    This is where the fun starts.  So Mo, as I like to call him (even as it was his first day on the the squad), was reeling from our last mission and their penalty for losing giant beer pong at the Spike looked to have its lasting effects. Mo's eyes were going googly on us and his dome began to droop with the occasional bobs (neck twerk).  In a matter of minutes, we had to call in "man down".  [Pause]  Elsewhere, I was soaking up the view of free upstairs balcony overlooking the Fremont border, opposite was park, below and around the corner is Downtown Cocktail lounge, next door is the Griffin.  It is safe to say that Tony H's expansion of downtown is on full swing.  Back to Mo, we figured we were fully "inspired" and was ready for the next mission, secure the perimeter of downtown and clear the structures of all alcohol (through consumption of course).  However, Mo was in bad shape and began uttering treasonous statements such as, "take me home" and "I'm done," all off which did not stymie our drive to complete the objective at hand or shake up morale.  The team did everything to bring him back, but his wounds process to be too much.    We prepped Mo for immediate evac.  During, extraction Mo was crutched by myself and Brova ILL.  Mo was not having it.  He was on the verge of purge!  We attempted to get him out quick, but throwing him over the balcony would be a skosh much, besides Metro's mobile HQ was right downstairs and we never leave a man behind. As we inched our way toward the exit, Mo was begging is to leave him.  We were nearing the endpoint of the balcony top get downstairs when Mo eventually made like a sack of potatoes and dropped. Of all places to go limp, he chose the entry point to the balcony.  Mo created an organic biohazard barrier trapping those of us out on the balcony to perish and the rescue team from within. The purge was a total success, the mission not so much.    Downtown recon team 6 was never heard of again and there appeared to be no survivors.  The mission overall was a 3.4 star rating.  As the establishment progresses, I foresee another attempt to reassess the failed mission to plan our next attack, but that is classified...
