4 According to the owner, there's the main location on Las Vegas Blvd. Other than that, this is the other location at 707 Fremont inside Container Park. There's printed flyers for advertising this location everywhere, so we decided to check it out!  This place is TINY. It's got a cute candy store vibe. It feels crowded in there pretty easily. My boyfriend and I easily felt a bit cramped walking around like most stores at Container Park. Wished they could have maybe fused together two containers instead for some wiggle room. But it has a simple design and gives those stores with smaller inventory a chance.  They've got chocolate bars you won't find at the grocery stores. Old Faithfuls, Idaho Spuds, Slo Pokes, Goo Goo Clusters, Black Cows, and Sky Bars. Feels 50s in here. They're all in glass containers but without the 50-cent prices. There's also some bulk candies for sale like sour gummy worms and other wrapped candies. You grab a bag, fill it with what bulk candy you like, and weigh it for a price. I applaud them for getting candies and chocolates that I haven't seen before.  I bought a bar of Idaho Spud, Sky Bar, and Lucky Lights Candy (the sugar cigarettes from your childhood). Total came down to $5.49. Dang. Pricey for only a few things but it's retro sweets you can't find elsewhere in town. Each bar of chocolate was around $2.25-ish. I'm a sucker for that graphic packaging.  Kids would love it here. Super small space to move around in. The guy working in here was cool. Super friendly and helpful. There's a good selection of chocolates, candy--familiar and nostalgic alike. Worth a stop. Take your kids to a real, local candy stop and come by here!
1 Horrendous customer service. I went to container park with my kids and as we were leaving we stopped in to get some candy. My son wanted a lollipop as he was reaching for the one he wanted he bumped another one and it fell to the floor. The guy working there ask me for it as I handed it to him I apologized for the accident. After we picked out what we wanted we went to pay. When we were ready to leave the guy said I had to pay for the broken one first before he would sell me anything else. I told him it was an accident he said I still had to pay. I can understand if my son was not being careful but the store is small and not much room. A couple of customers with kids heard what was going on and left
5 love this cute little shop!  I've met Paul, co-owner of store, and i have to say stop in and at least take a peek.  its worth it! love the old timey candy that you can get here. I love the other 2 other reviews before mine. make me smile. Pay if you break is quite the common thing in retail stores so unsure of the shock factor there.  and regarding the store being small. all the shops/restaurants/galleries are small. its container park. nuff said. You cant get samples at other candy shops. you can here because the owners take care of you and want to make sure you enjoy your experience.   Thanks Paul!!  We'll be back on your birthday. Amy and Jay. :)
2 NOT very kid friendly candy shop. Very cute little store especially just steps away from the children's play area at the container park. BUT just as Jeff R. mentioned in a previous post, the customer service was horrendous. My son and I went into the store to check it out after a bit of playing. We took a turn around the small space and decided on a small lollipop, because I typically like to support local businesses. My son handed the man the lollipop he wanted and in doing so it dropped thru the clerks hand and shattered. We apologize and he just looked at it and says this one broke into a million pieces. I apologized again and asked if we could choose another. He then made us pay for it before buying the new one. Really?!? I understand policy and all but a. It's just good customer service, & b. should be noted CLEARLY when you step into the store. Sorry clerk guy on the phone with your friends too busy to give good customer service, not recommending my friends or out of town guests to enter your shop.
5 Our first time visiting the container park, my family (husband and 3 boys) and I stopped in for a treat. I believe we met 1 of the owners (Barry). He was awesome! He answered any questions we had and was very friendly. The candy is a little on the expensive side but we don't mind because we knew we were supporting a local business. Before we left he played a Jelly Belly game with us. There are multiple colors of jelly bellys but only 2 flavors per color. One good flavor or one disgusting flavor. You landed on white? Will you end up eating coconut or baby wipe flavor?  We enjoyed the game so much we bought 2.  One other thing is Barry seemed VERY open to suggestions on items to carry. We were trying to pick out a few things for our daughter who was in school at the time and I was talking to my husband about fake braces that I had seen at a magic store and how much our daughter would love some. Barry overheard us and explained that he was always looking for new and interesting items to carry.   Clean space, awesome customer service and good candy variety. We can't wait to visit The Sweet Spot again!
5 The owner was really nice bring out a lot of stuff from the back for us to try. A lot of the candy is from our childhood so it was exciting and fun you see all over again!
