5 November 2013: Steve installed a chandelier over my dining room table.  When he came over to install it he discovered that he would have to replace a structural box before the chandelier could be hung.  He replaced the structural box, cut the chain to make it the correct height, and hung the chandelier.  It looks beautiful!  1/1/14: One of the bulbs in my bathroom light fixture went out.  When I went to change the bulb, sparks flew and the electricity went out in my bathroom.  Steve came over, did some troubleshooting, and discovered the light fixture had been installed improperly.  The wires were pinched therefore causing it to short out.  Steve rewired the light fixture so it works again:-)  A few weeks ago I plugged in my hair dryer and it wouldn't turn on.  I called Steve to ask for help.  He figured a GFI  had been tripped and talked me through how to reset it over the phone.  Steve is awesome!
5 I found Roy Electric through another on-line source that I've used for other projects both here in Las Vegas as well as in New Jersey.  Being somewhat familiar with the way work gets done here, I didn't want just an handy-man. I wanted a professionally licensed and insured contractor.  Roy Electric satisfied my requirements and more.  I was totally delighted and impressed with Steve Roy's quotation, quality of work, as well as overall timeliness and cleanliness.  Once he started working, I knew I found the right man for the job and wound up giving him more and more other projects both inside the house, garage and even outdoor lighting.  What I really liked was that we only had to go over the scope of work once. Steve recommended alternatives for the better, and then we let him get on with the work.  Everything was done right and beyond our expectations.  I'm reluctant in writing this review, as I'm sure Steve will become very busy in the future and might not have time for our future projects.  But he is simply too good a electrician to keep for myself.  So I highly recommend Steve Roy Electric for any and all of your electrical needs, especially if you want a quality licensed and insured electrician!!!!
5 Just found Roy Electric and tried them out. Steve is awesome! From first speaking with him on the phone to the final inspection of the job done, Steve is a professional! Knows exactly what he's doing communicates very well and the work is excellent. Even the ideas he provides as alternatives are well thought out and explained clearly. I plan on using his services not only at my home but at my business as well. I would highly recommend Roy Electric for any electrical job. Big job or small, Steve can do it all! On time, at the right price, and excellent quality of work.
5 Quick response time, fast service, and showed up on time.  Can't get any better than that!
5 I was extremely impressed with Steve's professionalism, on-time appearance, his knowledge and overall experience. He went above and beyond what i initially called him for and I recommend him highly!
5 100% satisfied. Extremely professional, knowledgable, and courteous. The only call I need to make for future electrician needs
5 Conscientious, professional, methodical, knowledgeable and reliable.  Steve fixed a problem in 90 minutes that two other electricians had been unable to diagnose and fix. I now have lights in my bathrooms and ceiling fans again! Thanks Steve.  If you need an electrician look no further. Too bad the rating system is only 5 stars - I'd give Steve 10/10!!!
5 Found him on Yelp and called him to fix some minor problems with the porch light.  He explain in detail as to what the problem is and what he will do.  Very professional and a personable guy.    Highly recommended.
