5 This has been if not one of the best Greek food I've had in this town in a long time. Yanni's has the best fries I've tasted in a long time!!! Also there Gyros is EPIC! As a concierge it's very important that I recommend good food, entertainment, attractions and just overall AWESOME Experience to my clients. As far as good Greek food Yanni's is the place to go!
5 Glad they moved to the neighborhood. Extremely fresh food, made to order. The chicken kabob plate is my choice of meals. Owner operated which I love and they are extremely friendly people. A+++
5 Really great place, tried it for the first time today and was really impressed.  I got the Chicken Gyro Plate and a Greek salad enough for 2 full meals really fresh ingredients and made really quickly. I'll be going back for sure.
5 Yannis is the best. Pita and hummus is the best hummus I've ever had and the chicken gyro is amazing. My husband and I come here every chance we get.
5 We saw the good reviews so thought we would give it a shot. Food was excellent and service was great! We ordered the traditional gyro plate that comes with rice pilaf and salad and wow was it good. My husband had to pick out all the cucumbers because he hates them but other then that it was perfect. They give you a pita on the side and next time I will make sure to order a second one because it was a little small for all the food they give you. They have a small sitting area so it is def a much more of a take out kinda spot which is fine with us. Can't wait to go back already!!
5 We saw sign and stopped in. Have not had a good gyro since we left Chicago.  We were definitely impressed and will come back often.
5 We are visiting from out of town and decided to give them a try.  What a great experience. The gyro plate had delicious meat, rice, and a great salad. The Greek fries were very good. We Aldo ordered the falafel and this was fabulous. Our daughter has gluten allergies so this was the perfect dish for her. The owner treated us very well!  Thank you
5 This place just opened next to the Comic shop I play Magic the Gathering at. They recommended it, and they were spot on! I had the Chicken Shawarma plate with Greek rice and a Greek Salad and a warm pita; FREAKING AMAZING! I think it was about $12, but I couldn't even finish it all, it reheated the next day for another great meal. The Greek Fries are also amazing. Don't wait, eat here today!!!
5 Been here a lot of times. Its just near my house. Place is great. Kinda expensive compared to other kabob places tho, but really worth it. Food is made and grilled fresh.
5 I LOVE greek food and have been searching for a good place in Vegas. Unfortunately my old go-to was a victim of the recession.  I saw Yanni's on yelp a few weeks after it opened and so far all the reviews were excellent.  They were not busy when we stopped in. The owner himself waited on us. He was a pleasant guy, said he'd been in the business something like 35 years. The other staff were quite friendly as well, chatting with us as they prepared the food. My husband is a gyro fan and he was very pleased with the quality, taste and portion size. Myself, I go for the lamb souvlaki.  It was perfectly cooked - not too over done and dried out as I've had a lot of places do. Portions size was good as well and their tzatziki sauce is delicious. Definitely our new favorite greek restaurant! We will be back - many times!
5 All I have to say is YUMMMM!!!! The chicken shawarma plate is amazing! The owner took my order and he was very nice, the place was super clean and I saw him wash his hands before he made my food. I like that. This place is sooo good!
5 Tried a lot of Greek restaurants ,but hands down the best one yet around my area! Fresh quality food . The chicken gyro was amazing and their hummus was delicious . A must go to place for ur Greek fix!
5 SERIOUSLY! I have been staying at South Point casino since Friday and I JUST found this place. All i can say is delicious! Service was fast and the staff was friendly. I was so sick of eating at the mediocre places inside of the hotel and am so glad I walked across the street to find this delicious greek place.  I got the COMBO plate with the Gyro and Baba ghanoush....the food was on point and well priced. I will definitely be back at least one more time before I leave this weekend.   i HIGHLY recommend!
5 I love this place and love Yanni! He's actually the person who made me fall in love with Greek food. Now I can't get enough of the chicken gyro salad. It's a good size salad. For the ladies, I usually can't finish the whole thing in one sitting. Greek feta fries are delicious!!! Not sure if he has moussaka at this location but I tried it at his old spot in Silverado Ranch and it was super yummy!!!   Yanni also takes good care of his customers. I'd visit him wherever he opened a restaurant because it's guaranteed to be delicious!
2 I was really looking forward to enjoying this place with all the great reviews. We were extremely disappointed. One of those rare occasions I forgot my cell phone or I could have posted pictures to explain why. I ordered a vegetarian plate with hummus, baba & falafel. The hummus was form fitted to the section in the plate just like jello pudding cups, was this plated in the morning for my 7:30 pm visit? Not what I expect when they post a sign on the counter that they don't have specials because they don't use (have?) leftovers. Really wish I'd had my phone to take a picture. Baba was not as form fitted, but both were covered in a clear oil, if it even was olive it had no olive taste or color so either low quality or not even olive. I have had better hummus buying pre-packaged at the grocery stores. Baba did not impress either, sad that I have made it once at home from an online recipe & my guests loved that, this one taste was enough. I will continue to drive on to Stephano's when craving some baba. I love falafel, to the extreme that when I go to Parsley Mediterranean Grill, as soon as I walk in they ask me how many orders of falafel I want that day. Here, when I called before going to see if they were gluten-free, I was told they are made from a mix which is gluten free - garbanzo, fava & corn oil. But judging from the shape & texture - these were like balls of bean flavored cake - almost like cupcake consistency. Were they baked or fried? There wasn't oil on the plate under them & they soaked up the tahini that was squirted on them. Baked would be healthier, but these just didn't cut it for me. I ate  1/2 of one & it came with 4. Yes, I left hungry having eaten less than 2 full bites of a $10 plate. His kebab plate which he ordered the chicken charred wasn't even showing a speck of char on the second trip from the grill (yes we know it's unhealthy charred but it's how he likes it & ordered it). The Greek salad on the plate was drenched in oil so it was flavorless because as I've said, the oil has no color or taste. Probably why there is so much paprika spread on the top, guess not just for presentation but if any taste is desired, mix it in. Maybe they were in a rush to get out since it was about closing time, but for $30 with the above, an order of their garlic feta fries & a can of soda , if eating off plastic plates & utensils the food should be good.  This kind of reminds me of food in a mall's food court, not a stand alone restaurant Food was 1 star, service would have been 3 but couldn't get his char on, cleanliness is what brought them up to 2 stars.  Still trying to figure out all those 5-star reviews. I use yelp all the time to find great new places, but this time I feel really let down. Maybe for meat eaters this is good, but definitely don't recommend for a vegan.
5 Clean little Greek restaurant in strip mall next to my favorite dry cleaners  (MC Cleaners) The owner takes great pride in his establishment and also his food is amazing!! Fresh and very delicious!  Large portions for the price!!  I'm impressed with the quality and love to see places like this in town that aren't chains.  Check them out...  Not a lot of seating room, but I like mine to go anyway ;-) Worth every star!!
5 the greek fries are amazing and the gyro was perfect and huge.  this place is excellent!
3 Same owner as the now closed Greek Village Cafe and Yanni's Gyros on Maryland Pkwy (he sold about a year ago, but the new owner kept the name). It's pretty much the same menu as the location on Maryland, I ordered the Gyro Pita again, but this time got the Garlic Feta Fries for my side instead of Hummus & Pita.   The place is small, it's counter service. There are two tables inside and one table outside.  So I had decided to take it to go.   I remembered from my previous visit to Yanni's that I wasn't a huge fan of the tzatziki, it had too much dill for my liking, just my personal preference. The pita was warm and soft, but the gyro meat (a combo of lamb and beef) was a bit dry this time around, and it had a slight discoloration on one side of the meat, like the part that was on the outside of the spit, maybe too long. The garlic fries were pretty good. Guess I'm underwhelmed.
3 This restaurant is located in close proximity to the South Point Hotel & Casino where we were staying.   It is cozy restaurant, ultra casual and a bit on the dumpy side with most people placing orders to go though there is seating for around 10.  Neither of us were particularly hungry the evening of our visit so we each opted for traditional lamb/beef gyros.  The gyro meat, according to the restaurant's website, contains no fillers or MSG and I watched as it was sliced off a revolving spit.  The combination of gyro meat, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and fresh pita bread combined with a flavorful tzatsiki sauce made for a delicious light dinner.
5 Fast and healthy! LOVE the chicken gyro! ! ! All white meat it is so flavorful the garlic feta fries are great as well. Customer service is great as well.
3 If money is not an issue for you then I do recommend this place but my husband and I have come here a few times and looove the food but the price for 2 combo meals and 2 drinks is extremely expensive.  Almost $30. I didnt even get a receipt from the register I only got the receipt from the CC machine and with no detail of how much exactly was each meal and drinks. Im guessing he just makes up a number. Its hard to say no more to this place because the food is so good but its not the only greek grill in town so we probably wont be back.
5 Amazing Greek food and Super Friendly owner/opporrator. He took the time to give a little Greek Food Leson.
5 Had the beef and lamb shwarma... So awesome! Delicious. Really friendly and great service.
4 I ordered the Gyro Pita combo with garlic feta fries. Pretty delicious! The pita was loaded with meat & the taziki was fresh. Garlic feta fries could quite possibly be one of the best things I've ever eaten! I'm giving this 4 stars only because of the ambience. It was clean, but nothing nice about it in there. Happy I found this spot!
5 Delicious!  Just ate there for the first time. Had the chicken gyro and the garlic fries. Omg! Yum!
5 I have frequented quite a few Greek restaurants in town and I have to say this one truly stands out. I had the gyro combo and left some room for their homemade baklava. The restaurant is small and simple but food quality and portion size is what I appreciate most when dining out. Yanni's Greek Grill hit the nail on the head. I am very pleased and will definitely be returning.
4 A little more expensive than I thought. We ordered two meals and spent 24 bucks but it was worth it. It was our first time there and he gave us two free drinks. The kabobs are good but the thing I ordered is divine. Garlic feta fries paired with chicken gyro amazing. Mu have never tasted anything like it. Highly recommend.
5 My husband and I were nearby for an event at the South Point and we didn't feel like dealing with the crowd there.   We came across Yannis on Yelp and decided to try it out, and I am so glad we did! The food was fresh and delicious! We both had Gyros and those were delicious. We also had the garlic feta fries and those were awesome! Definitely a great place to take care of that Greek food craving!
5 Great Greek food here.  I have had their GYRO Salad.  It is the best i have ever had. The gyro meat is so flavorful.. You have to try it.
5 Wow. Incredible gyro. Portion was huge, perfectly sliced and cooked meat, accented with parsley, and the sauce was very dill'd which is my favorite.. Will definitely be back
2 The gyros are tasty but an optical illusion.  The meat is on top and looks like it is filled with meat but the lettuce and tomatoes are occupying all the space under the meat.  It's expensive.   No restroom for customers. Probably wouldn't come back.  I swear, every gyro spot in Chicago gives you a pound of gyro meat.   All of these Las Vegas gyro places give you exactly 6 pieces.    Do yourself a favor and go to Roberto's haha
5 Went in again yesterday and it looks like they're making improvements to the inside. The owner walked around and spoke with each table - he was particularly really funny with us! The food (as usual) was top notch! Their gyro and garlic feta fries have become one of those foods that I crave on the regular! If I as to give any constructive feedback this time, it would be to speak with the landlord to change the entry handle, as the towel placed over it is sort of odd/gross (but makes sense because the sun makes it so hot). Also, put a sign out front with pictures of the dishes (and maybe a few in the window advertising your gyros and your "special" garlic feta fries! You'll certainly steal away some business from Capriottis next door!
