5 The Beer... The Food... The Games!! You really can't go wrong here and if you think you did, you probably walked in that way. Boondocks recycles their canned beers and donates the money to charity and drinking their drafts feel almost as good. Duck Fat Fries, Whiskey Wings, Ceviche, Mac & Cheese... Eat, Drink, and be Merry B*tches!!
5 Nice bar! We came here for beers but there are games and good looking food. We would definitely come here again. Good music too!!
5 The ribs and mac and cheese are phenomenal..the Boondock Blossom was my favorite drink..its a new staple in Old Town Scottsdale that I think is here to stay
4 Boondocks is my new favorite hangout.  We were told about this place from a friend.  This place is such a fun, chill place. They had a huge patio which was nice to enjoy it before it gets over 100.  We enjoyed playing corn hole and ping pong. We would have liked to play jenga but there was only one set.  The service was eh, ok. It could have been better.  Our server went at her own pace. Took 35 minutes to get a sprite.  She brought everyone else's drink but mine. I asked (reminded) her for my sprite 2x and eventually got it.  We waited about 10 minutes for our check after asking for it.  They do have a food menu that I will try out next time.  Looking forward to coming back.
5 Went here to start out my Sunday Funday and just grab some grub.  From the food, drinks, service and atmosphere, I stayed for nearly 5 hours and hadn't even realized it!  This place brings "neighborhood bar" to an entirely new level!
5 I really like this place.  It is kid friendly during the day, and great for happy hour or late night drinks/eats with your friends.    The menu, while not huge, is really well planned out.   The staff is great, there are fun games to play, and good music is on all the time.  HIGHLY recommend!
4 Boondocks is a Modern Sports Bar that has a really Big Patio with High Top Tables, Ping Pong tables, TVs and other Games. Many but not all the drinks on the cocktail menu feature fresh squeezed Grapefruit Juice.   They offer lots of interesting appetizers and shareable plates and they also have a Children's Menu. The menu had a wide assortment of sandwiches and all kinds of interesting burgers.   Many things sounded interesting and I went with the Bibi Burger. I was sold on the Harissa and Raisin Marmalade and ordered it being not sure about ground turkey. But it was delicious! The Turkey was cooked like it should be but was flavorful and juicy and I really liked that spicy and sweet taste with the Turkey.   My husband had the Sin Burger and it was really delicious too. It had Jalapeño Marmalade, Pickled Cabbage, Cheddar Cheese and a blistered Jalapeño on a four grind beef patty. For his side he picked the potato salad and it was good too.  The Burgers are very solid here.  I'm not sure if they offer any full dinners here as it seems to be just a very casual menu.  Service was very good.  They are open 7 days a week for 11-2am  I'd return.
5 This place is really awesome! It's my new favorite place! The wings are amazing, you have to try them! There is ping pong and cornhole to play. Such a great environment with lots of room to move around. Can't wait to go there today!
5 I have been pretty excited to finally come in! If you have been to Spanish fly and Drift  you will see they kept a lot of the same things and made it their own too. Which doesn't bother me, just makes me think of memories from the past! My first date with my boyfriend was at Drift! But if you are newly 21 you will not know the similarities!   I really enjoy the openness of the patio- but I am afraid to come here summer time! It will be a hot one! I sat where the sun directly hit my eyes, which they need to get a shade for the bartenders & guests.   The staff was pretty nice. And the security was even pleasant ! So that was nice to see smiles & noticed everyone was helping each other.  It was "carb Sunday" so we enjoyed their fries & macaroni. Both awesome, fries would of been heaven if they were cooked for a little bit longer.  The place does have some extra  Scottsdale annoyance with the people that go there- but you will find that anywhere in Oldtown!  They have a bunch if different games to play with groups which I noticed everyone loved.   I will be back, and I hope a lot!
5 I went to boondocks just the other day and had the wings and fries- they were absolutely amazing. I loved the vibe that the place gave you and the staff was beyond friendly and attentive.    definitely making this my new spot with friends :)
5 Great spot heading into the summer season. The patio is great and dog friendly and is still nice and cool. It was fun playing ping pong while we were waiting for our food. Very excited to have another patio bar in old town.
3 Boondocks has replaced what was once Spanish Fly, and has made fantastic use of what was once wasted pool space. I love the patio; games and performance space on the perimeter and plenty of seating. This place also comes with some of your favorite familiar industry faces which adds to the vibe. Alas, let's dig into the food shall we?   The starters have a versatile range, but the Mac and cheese catches my eye. First, I've never understood Mac and cheese on an appetizer menu. A side? Absolutely. An entree? Sure. An appetizer? I guess I won't argue but it seems kind of off. Anyhow, I get the Mac and cheese that touts 4 cheeses, herb bread crumbs, green chiles and bacon. Yowza that's a lot. I'm expecting a powerful flavor combo, but it falls flat on my palette. I'm in need of a good strong central cheese flavor and less of the frilly add ons. I fear it may be a roux, which can really be tough for Mac and cheese because it can swallow up the flavor of the cheeses.   Moving on I try the St. Pattys burger. I asked for it medium and it came to me well, however it is still fantastic! The Irish cheddar, with the mustard was just the right amount of zing juxtaposed with the fresh lettuce and tomato. Despite being well done, neither flavor nor moisture was lost on the combination of meats in this burger. So so good. Equally delish was the potato salad side dish. Fingerling potatoes in a heavenly creamy sauce with red peppers. I absolutely love red peppers in this potato salad to add that extra kick.   I'm looking forward to coming back to Boondocks to enjoy their patio. While I'm at it I plan to try some of their tacos, and get into some of the red pepper hummus.
1 Horrible customer service. Me and my girlfriend went their for the first time and, it will he the last. The place was not busy at all for a weekend night and thought it would be a good place to have a quick drink. After waiting at the bar for a few minutes (which is normal) the female bartender came up and asked us what we wanted. My friend asked a question about the ping pong tables they had, she abruptly answered her and then walked away without taking our order. The bartended then proceeded to service the men at the bar asking if they were ok and if they ended anything else.We tried to get her attention because we were ready to order but she never came back to us or even looked our way! We both stood there confused because we were ready to order and just because we asked a question before we order didn't give her the right to completely disregard us as customers. I don't know if it was because we were female and she didn't think she would get a good tip from us or if she just wanted the men's attention. Who knows! I will never go back to that bar and will not hesitate to let my friends know about the bad customer service either.
4 Good place for a cocktail and some food after work.  Food is made with quality ingredients, something hard to find at a good place to drink as well. I recommend trying it out, PLT is delicious,  as well as the mac n cheese. Also the quinoa salad is a  perfect healthy snack. Check it out!!
5 The saganaki and Swedish meatballs are delicious!
4 Our office is literally a block away, and every once in a while we like to have a long, relaxing "business" Friday lunch including a beer or three. I called ahead, b/c I brought Clyde, my Weimaraner to work today, and wanted to make sure Boondocks is dog-friendly. Jennifer, the bartender, answered and said, "Absolutely!'  A two-minute walk later, Clyde had a big glass of ice cubes to munch (by request), and then a few minutes later, a big bucket of water  (unsolicited). Jen also brought him 2 dog treats as well. Nice touch! :-)  I'd like to make this all about Clyde, but my chopped salad was fantastic! The dressing was obviously homemade and well seasoned; there was chopped egg blending into the spinach and lettuce mix, portabella mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, and more. I added grilled chicken to the salad, and it was perfect! I couldn't finish the serving, and not for trying. I wouldn't pay $15 for a lunch entree every day (hard NOT to do in Sdl) - but this time, it was worth every dime.   My co-worker had the pork belly sandwich with a huge portion of fries, and he also loved it. He remarked that it was nice to have a menu with a quality and variety of selections worthy of Scottsdale prices.   Clyde perhaps, was not the "perfect" guest, as he barked to be given ice cubes. I was worried about his behavior, but no one seemed to mind...  Will be back! Thanks, Boondocks!
3 To be fair this is more of a 3.5 with serious potential. The atmosphere is great... Ping pong, corn hole, pool table, darts and music all make for a great time! The menu isn't bad either. I've had the chopped salad, grilled cheese bites, "free bird" chicken entree and the nachos. All great bar food! The problems: The wait time for food (I've been a few times now and waited 30+ minutes every time). The service in general is slow but this place is brand new and I don't see these issues being permanent. All in all it's a really fun place to hang out!
3 I think boondocks  has a great concept it just fails on execution.  Since it is still relatively new I'm not going to be overly critical, because overall it was a good experience.   Service: 4 stars - the server was very sweet and attentive. There were a lot of people working on a Thursday night but she still managed to make sure that we had everything we needed.   Food: 3 stars- the menu was very intriguing it had a lot of unique options for a bar. Unfortunately when they came out while they looked pretty they lacked in flavor. It was like they just missed the mark on everything.   Atmosphere: I think it's great that they covered up the pool from Spanish fly and opened up the area so it could be a more fun environment, with ping-pong and other games.  The problem is they really didn't update anything else. The bathrooms are still old and dingy and weren't very well-kept.   Overall, I would compare this to a Gilligans... Kind of divey but a good place to go when you want to have a casual drink and hang out with friends.
5 Thoroughly enjoyed EVERYTHING about this place!  The atmosphere, the openness, the signature drinks, the food, the service, and of course, the numerous "activities."  We sat at the bar, both bartenders were attentive, smiling, helpful, and gracious. We tried four different drinks off of their signature menu, each one better than the last. We noticed the fried brussel sprouts on the menu and thought  "How gross, I wonder what they taste like?"  We ordered them just to sample because we figured that's not something you see on a lot of menus.  They were amazing!  We also ordered the mac and cheese and the grilled cheese bites with some kind of awesome sauce to dip them in.  The food was served in a timely manner, on  wooden cutting boards, in two mini iron skillets (each), which was perfect, as my friend and I were sharing so we didn't have to split anything up ourselves.  After we devoured our delicious food, we headed out to play some games which there is no shortage of. We played Jenga, darts, and cornhole. We also stopped at the punching bag machine and paid $1 to punch the bag once, which was a rip off and worth every penny at the same time.  Great place to just hang out and enjoy the day.  We will definitely be returning!
5 Brussel Sprouts w/goat cheese, Blue Cheese Burger, Hummus, Shrimp Ceviche, Pork Belly Sandwich W/Bacon, Macaroni and Cheese, Duckfat fries, are just a few of the delicious items I had on my last visit to Boondocks. This place is great. Service was great,  ambiance is great, music is great, drinks are great,  what else can I say. I will be visiting this place again very soon to try the multitude of selections on their menu!  Everyone should check this place out.  Daily specials are awesome!  Happy Hour is legit! Weekend entertainment is free and exciting!! Don't forget there canned beer to help out a local charity!!!
2 Typical Scottsdale bar with overpriced drinks and your random D-bags walking around with AXE hair gel in there hair and tacky silver chain w/ tank top. Thank god I don't drink crown and cokes which my buddy does, $9, I thought was in Vegas for a minute.. There board states Sunday Grill specials but when we asked what that is, it is only when they decide to have a grill outside and the manager said the board wasn't updated.  This is a typical Scottsdale bar that offers nothing more than the previous two bars before it. You're better off going to Salty's, Gilligan's, etc you get the picture. Nacho's were plan and simple with some type of cheese sauce on top and first order was ice cold when came out. If you can't make Nachos god help you on the other food. It will never happen but would love to see Buffalo wild wings open a small store with a Scottsdale edge for adults, and this would be the place once Boondocks goes out of business.
1 Sat there 10 minutes without a single greeting, I will be right back, let me get you some water. Nothing. I was excited for the food but are you kidding me? There was no one to greet you when you walked in, so I asked a waitress if we could sit inside. She said anywhere you like with no smile or anything. We ended up going outside.   Welp, their loss, we were going to meet up with a large party but decided to go elsewhere in old town. Thank you for weeding out the poor service so quickly, I would have been disappointed to give you my money with a start like that.
4 Arrived here while the place was mostly empty about 7pm on a Wednesday night and that is a good thing. Around 10pm when I was leaving, it was semi-crowded and the usual younger crowd had taken over and surrounded by seat at the bar. Luckily, I didn't notice much after taking advantage of the Wednesday $6 can of bud light and shot of whiskey deal. That is a large savings for a scottsdale bar. Never heard of the brand of whiskey, but it had some dude's name on it so it was decent and actually went down smooth. They also had a $9 rack of spare ribs deal which I considered, but went with the five chicken breast tacos for 12 bucks, served on the trademark cutting board. Everything was non-greasy, non-mexican style and more upscale tacos, but loaded with chicken and toppings. A country band (it was country night) appeared about 9pm and they were playing decent music as I sipped my whiskey and enjoyed the evening breezes. Most of the place is outside and I would also call it a semi-sports bar as the TV's are pretty good at the bar. A few hipster bartenders too if your into that thing.
5 I'm not much of an Old Town Scottsdale guy....at all...except when I have to watch a Basketball game at the depressing Majerle's becuase I don't have a TV at home.  Somehow I stumbled upon Boondocks which has formerly been many a bars.    This place is such a surprise.  If you can get past what I call the "Celebrity Service" (Celebrity Service = when the servers think they are celebrities and care more about talking about themselves and what they look like than caring about the people they are serving), you have a winner.    The atmosphere/games are bad ass.  It's very large and spread out.  Clean. And the food was pure shock and awe for me.  From the Moink Burger (maybe my favorite burger in town) to the Carnitas Tacos  to even the Broccoli appetizer....all winners!!   Thank you for this place!!!
5 This easily could be the best patio in Scottsdale, and the food is really good, too.  There are some booths inside if you want to get out of the sun.   On a Saturday afternoon before the party got started I saw some dogs taking in the sun on the patio, too. It's a good place to hang out for awhile. Misters make the patio bearable in the summer.  I recommend either the burgers (there's short rib in the grind so there's a lot of flavor, and the one with bilstered jalapenos has a burn that's not over the top) or the chicken sandwich with goat cheese. The sweet potato fries tasted fresh.
1 Managers were rude to our group. Overpriced drinks and food, misleading pricing, Bill was predictively wrong and overcharged. Won't be back.
4 Great concept.  Have gone to Boondocks for over 10 times now.   Love that you can go inside when you want (summer) and outside for 9 1/2 months out of the year.  Also its a place that gives you option for activities.  Pool, Ping Ping, Sack Toss etc.... And provides the room to do it.     Food is a little pricing for a lunch menu but worth it.  Beers on tap are interesting.  Mixing it up.  Really cool.  Service has been great.  No complaints at all.  Dog friendly is cool.  They take care of the patrons with dogs with ice and water.  Nice touch.    I read some of the other reviews.  Some of them either sound like they are auditioning for Secret Shoppers/Diners or they work for competing venues in Old Town.    Thanks Boondocks (for being so new but a refreshing change to what else is out there).
3 Went here after seeing a movie @ Tempe Marketplace. Was recommended by a friend as a place for "older" (meaning late 30s & 40s) to go to dance. Was looking for more of a club, and all I found was a glorified bar with activities such as cornhole and ping pong.   I've decided to give Boondocks the nickname  "Secular YMCA for singles".  Our table had a bunch of water on it when we arrived. Didn't look like it was cleaned off properly.  Glad to see there was a DJ, but no once was dancing. There really wasn't a dance floor anyways. Not sure the purpose of the DJ - why not just play music over the speaker system, save that expense , and put it into more marketing & promotion.  80% of the patrons were single. And those that were couples seemed to be there with other couple friends. Do not suggest going there if you are a couple out by yourself, wasn't too fun.  Wife's dirty martini was pretty tasty and reasonably priced for Old Town Scottsdale. I just had a water.   It's a decent place, just wasn't for us.
3 Casual sports bar with large connected patio. It's a nice place to get away from the fancier Scottsdale bars. Lots of places to sit or stand, both inside and out.  It's easy to see the remnant layout from Spanish Fly, the previous bar that featured a large pool in the middle. I like what they did with the space - added more tables, an area for cornhole bean bag toss, and ping pong. The bar is large and wraps around with plenty of TV's. I've been here a couple times. The first was to watch a boxing match. It doesn't take long to have a drink in your hand and the standing room comfortably affords crowds.   The second time was on a Saturday morning. A couple guys wanted to have a few rounds of beers and play bags. It was warm out, so despite the outdoor fans and portable AC units, we built up a sweat. We ordered a bucket of Coors light. You get 5 cans for $16. Later we ordered some Corona's. Again, we got cans. I'm not complaining, but glass bottles would have been a nicer touch.   Sometime, I will try the food. My friends' tacos looked pretty good, and they've got a nice selection, though you can't mix and match. Overall, Boondocks is an average watering hole, with nothing particularly memorable about it. But that's not a bad thing! What it offers is a relaxed patio to grab a beer and watch some sports, preferably on a nice day. And sometimes, that's exactly what you're looking for.
5 *NOTE* This review is coming coming far too late, and I apologize to the restaurant for taking so long to post this!  My husband and I had been driving for days and had finally reached our Old Town destination. We wanted someplace casual that had good food and drinks, someplace we could come down from our "road buzz" without a bunch of formality.  We could not have picked a better place to go. Boondocks was perfect!   We sat at the bar and had excellent service with Kaitlyn, who was friendly, prompt and mixed a mean cocktail, exactly what you wish every bartender/server was like . For dinner, we chose several appetizers. The huge standout was the Duck Fat Fries. They were truly amazing, hot, crisp and light with perfect seasoning and dipping sauces. For those who don't like duck (I don't prefer it either), don't worry, they don't taste "ducky" at all!   I strongly recommend this place. They have lots of great outdoor seating areas and games too. Boondocks offered a great dining experience for my husband and I but it sure would have been fun to have a bunch of friends there with us for an epic night of drinks and games!
2 Went on a Sunday with friends, waited forever to get our order taken at our table so we got up and ordered from the bar. They ran out of fireball throughout the day, and the bathroom had lights that were out making it extremely difficult to see, and there was no hand soap. After we told an employee about the bathroom, they informed the manager who didn't seem to care.
