5 Great new locally owned Thai restaurant. The patio with fire pits and open bar are awesome. Great atmosphere and food. I highly recommend. Chao!
4 Spicy eggplant,  green chili prawns, and Angies "to die for" lemondrop martinis! Staff are amazing and so thoughtful. If they get the lighting settled... ;)... No MSG!!!!
5 A beautiful open, contemporary space. The prices are a bit higher than what you would find from small mom/pop Thai restaurants. But this is more of a modern, fine dining experience. But not stuffy by any means.  There is a full bar, seating is spacious, you're not crowded and smushed with other tables. Outdoor tables and heat lamps. Wait staff was friendly. And overall, the food was very good, so I don't feel like I was paying just for ambiance alone.  Came for lunch based on a recommendation from a friend to dine at the previous life of this restaurant, Latitude 8 in Downtown Chandler, only to discover it had closed and reopened anew as Chao.   While there is a lunch menu, there is no lunch special. I went all out for myself for lunch. Pork dumplings, Panang Beef Curry, and Sticky rice with taro ice cream for dessert.   Quick review of each. Pork dumplings: pork filling itself didn't have much in flavor. Wonton was perfect soft, not chewy or mushy. Just a nice slight pan fry crisp. Topped with toasted minced garlic. Dipping sauce very tasty. So the overall combination of flavor made it very tasty.  Panang Beef Curry: the beef texture was okay. Some parts a little tough, beef could probably be softer, more tender. But flavor was amazing. I wanted to drink the sauce, bathe in it! Perfect in consistency, spice, taste. Dessert: they didn't have mango, but I love taro too so I wasn't disappointed. The rice could be a little creamer in texture. The toasted sesame seeds gives a nice subtle contrast to the sweetness, and gives you the illusion of a crust to the taste.   Great experience, will definitely come back, and recommend to others. In fact, I already have recommended it!
1 Disappointing. . .we had high hopes for this place,  but we won't be back. Service was incredible slow--20 minutes to take a drink order. We waited for a long time to get our food ( the server told us they were feeling "flustered" in the kitchen. Our appetizer arrived at the same time as our main dish. The teriyaki chicken was inedible, dry and bland. Spring rolls had no flavor. The fried rice was greasy and unappetizing. Total disappointment.
5 Appetizers were crab puffs & some tom yum soup lunch was some chicken dish with broccoli & egg noodles-amazing! We were sad they were out of mangos for the sticky rice but even there tea tasted great. Will defiantly be back
4 Good food a tad bit on the greasy side , but still yummy ! The ambiance is great and the bar is super cool. Great drink menu !
1 We attempted to have a nice dinner at Chao. We walked in and did notice that it looked like they weren't quite set up all the way, but decided to still give them a chance. Someone came by and brought two waters with some very melted ice, and he offered no straws. Then the man who sat us at the table came by and took our drink order. We asked for hot tea but again no sweetener was offered. Fifteen minutes later we were still sitting there with people walking around looking busy. We saw two other tables who got there after we arrived get their orders in. We finally decided to get up and leave 20 minutes later. My husband went over to "the server" and gave him $10.00 for the teas. The server didn't apologize for never coming back around to take our dinner orders he just took the money and said nothing. We walked over to BLD and had a wonderful dinner. We won't be back to Chao!
5 Great place to eat, Friday and Saturday night they have live music.  The owners mom runs the kitchen, the food is legit!
5 Just had the red curry which was amazing - tough competitor to the Pad Thai. It is great to sit on the Patio to enjoy the weather
2 Tasty food.  Unbelievably poor service.   We had been personally invited to dine here by the owner and were so hopeful that we had found our new Thai fusion spot. Since we had friends in from out of town, we thought this would be a good time to take him up on the offer.  To  be fair, this place is really new and it was deep into service on a Saturday night, but nonetheless, Chao surely has some big hiccups to work out.    The BAD:  We were seated for our reservation promptly, but not greeted by our server for about ten minutes.  Once he did arrive, instead of taking our drink order and apologizing for the delay, he told us to hold on a few more minutes.  He stated that the kitchen was really backed up and that we could expect a long wait for our food.  O.K., we thought.  As long as we can order some quick appetizers and drinks, we'd be happy to "dine." When he finally returned to take our drink order, we slipped in an order for fried calamari and stuffed chicken wings (we chose them because fried = fast, right?)  Apparently not... not only did the drinks not arrive for about another ten minutes, but we didn't get the apps for another :25. When he dropped the drinks off, we knew we'd better get him to fire our entrees (even before we received our apps). Judging by the tables around us that (too) were getting annoyed, we were not alone in our plight.  Tables went unbussed, drinks went unfilled and people were generally getting pretty surly.  We finally received our entrees about 1:45 minutes into our experience, which leads me to...  The GOOD: Chao's food is really delicious. Aside from our appetizers being tepid when they arrived (I  put that on the wait staff), our food was delicious.  We had an order of Penang shrimp and two others I don't recall by name, but all were tasty and well presented.   The REMEDY:  When finally checked on by our server,  we mentioned the length of time we had languished at out table.  The remedy was that our appetizers were comped.  This was fine and surely appreciated, but it would have made our experience less anxiety-ridden had we been "touched" by the management or told earlier in the meal that something was being done to accommodate us   (we certainly were not looking for compensation).  I guess that is just part of the growing pains of opening a new shop.  Well, I've certainly prattled on long enough, but suffice to say, we'll probably wait a few weeks/months before giving this spot another chance. I hope they are able to fix the kinks, because the food is (almost) worth the wait.
5 I think it's a travesty this place only has 3.5 stars. This is the best Asian fusion food I have had anywhere in AZ. I am very critical in my reviews of restaurants. P.F. Changs has always been my favorite Asian restaurant but I can honestly say the food here is better. Our waiter and our bartender were very friendly as well. There was not one thing I didn't like about this place, which is very very rare. If you give this place 3 stars or less you simply need to stop eating out.
5 So lucky this is now in my hood.  Addicted to crab rice, pad Thai, crab fried rice, curry. Nice new open bar and patio.  And definitely order the crab puffs. YUM
5 I LOVE this place for so many reasons. The pineapple fried rice, the CRAFT BEER On Tap, the owners (who are awesome) and its so close to home!  Life is good!
5 Everything I had changed my life. Spring rolls, Tom Kia, Penang curry with chicken, sticky rice with mango!!! Amazing!
2 Slow service, appetizer came it with meal and slow to fill water glasses. Not worth the high price.
4 We had a great meal on their lovely patio. The servers were very helpful deciding on what to eat, though they sort of disappeared toward the end of the meal. The chicken satay appetizer was tasty, and my penang curry had the right amount of spice.
5 Our fave new Thai place in the Chandler area. Great drinks, great food, super cute/trendy decor. Love Love Love!
5 Excellent food! Owner is there often and very accessible, and nice guy! Large outdoor patio!
5 Beautiful patio, delicious appetizers. Best coconut shrimp I've had. Dumplings excellent, as well. Nice and prompt service. Lovely ambiance. Will definitely return to try entrees.
5 this place is definitely one of the best places to have a date night/drinks. the owners are great and very attentive. food is amazing as well!!
2 Although they have lunch prices they do not have a lunch menu available.  Thus, you don't know what things cost until you get the bill.    I ordered the Pineapple fried rice w/o the sausage (Rice, Shrimp, Sausage, chicken and cashews).   I got one piece of Shrimp, 2 cashews and 5 small bites of chicken.   When I told the waitress about my dish she brought me 5 cashews.     I called to let management know later that day about the experience and never heard from them.    I wasn't planning on coming back but I planned on telling them nicely why.     I am confused by all of the wonderful reviews when the restaurant has very few patrons in a lot full of busy restaurants.
5 Great Thai and Asian food, it's the old Lattitude 8 that was in downtown Chandler! Fantastic, try the Panang Curry!
5 Loved it!  I never got a chance to eat at Latitude 8, but am very happy that the owners opened this new restaurant, you can tell that they have perfected that "Urban Asian" niche over the years.  I got the Pad Thai, as I crave the stuff on a frequent basis, and it was perfect.  Would have liked a lime on the plate, but when I asked for one the server not only brought one to me, but also used a juicer with it so that I didn't have to get my hands messy, very appreciated :)  It was a generous portion, so I took some home and was happy to see that my sons both ate it up, branching out from pizza, boys! For dessert I got a trio of mini creme brulees, one was coconut, one jasmine, and one green tea I think?  SO delicious, highly recommend this refreshing take on a classic dessert.  The ambiance is open, airy, clean, modern, and made me really want to redo my family room. Can I have the throw pillows on the stylish blue couches please?  Overall very pleased, will definitely be back with my family next time.
3 Really nice patio to sit and eat on... We ordered dumplings, Beef Salad, yellow curry and pad c ew (sp). Dumplings were great and flavorful, salad, had great flavor but the beef was so chewy. Almost like chewing bubble gum and the portion was not worth 9.00. The yellow curry was outstanding, we just wish it had a little more sauce. The white rice was undercooked and a little crunchy. Now the Pad C Ew.... It was mushy, all of the noodles were overlooked and broken... The chicken was dry and tough. They used regular broccoli instead of the Chinese broccoli that most Thai places use. I will come back and give it another go. Maybe they were having an off day.
4 Great outdoor patio, great food.  Service was great after initial hiccup of being forgotten the first ten minutes.  After that, the service was great though.  The bartender even came up with a special non-alcoholic drink for my wife.  The place is a little pricey though.  They could benefit from Happy hour food options.  The HH beer pricing was good, but not advertised anywhere.  Didn't even realize there was any HH pricing at all until we received the bill.
4 This a great restaurant for lunch with girlfriends.  Chao has a happy hour from 11-6 with great drinks such as the lychee martini or the cantaloupe martini.  As for food, I love the crab cakes or lettuce wraps to start the meal.  For entrees, I enjoy the panang curry, the pad se ew and a chow fun noodle dish.  The ambience is open and minimalist with a nice patio to dine at when the AZ weather is gorgeous.  Only thing I would like to see is a larger portion size of protein.  The chicken, shrimp or steak tends to be much less then I feel the entrée deserves.  Otherwise, a great spot for thai...I eat at Chao just about every week.
3 It's OK. This is Thai food for White People. Is it good? Yea it's ok. It's about on par or maybe a little bit better than their sister property in downtown Chandler called Latitude.  The service is fairly sterile and there wasn't any foods on Happy Hour, just a few drinks. Horrible Mai Thais as they premake them all and they are sitting in a container not stirred. Quite bad.  The atmosphere was nice and they did have live music. Would we go back? Yea, probably for the beers and to sit outside on the patio on a nice day.  Other downside, horribly uncomfortable seating outside.
5 Best food in the valley!!  I could eat there everyday.....
5 It's a great place with great food in a nice venue. I like the patio and they've had live music, on occasion. But, man, if you're here for work lunch, you really gotta push them to get out in a decent amount of time. I will say that we have balked at coming here on a variety of work days because it can take an excessive amount of time to get in and out.
2 Not worth it.  Now by all means please note this is not truly authentic Thai food.  Not that I'm an expert by any means, but I love Thai food enough, to know that this meal has catered to the demographics in the market.  The meals have no spice, especially the Tom Yum soup.  It also is served in one single bowl and DOES NOT stay hot.  Most Thai places serve this is some sort of warmer so that you take what you can eat and the rest stays warm.    Plus they charge for a side of rice.  And I'm not taking $.50 - $1 like most places.  And it's not even good rice.    The drinks aren't very good, the portions are small and overpriced, and the decor is sterile for being so large.    Parking is also difficult as it shares a lot with BLD, Nandos, and Oreganos as well as smaller shops and a Daycare.    Thai Rama up the street is a better option.
4 Excellent food!  I would say it's more of a Thai fusion.  Best restaurant in that complex.  Owner is an awesome guy.  Chefs are great.  My only knock is service can be iffy.  Had a great waitress last time named Nicolette I believe.  Can't go wrong with the yellow curry!  So tasty!
3 I ate there, with a friend, for the first time last night.  We shared lettuce wraps and curry crab cakes.  Although the lettuce wraps were a little skimpy, both appetizers were very tasty.  Then we shared the Mahi Mahi, which was outstanding.  On the negative side, the wine pour could have been a little more generous.  It was just over a half glass.
4 Had the Andaman Duck and would get it again.  Also tasted the Pad Thai that's also very tasty
1 I visited this place once before and loved their vegetarian green curry. I went back to have it on a Friday night with a group of friends and I had a horrible experience. I was super hungry and the whole thing seemed such a torture to me. The green curry had totally stale baby corns in them, I had it twice to confirm and my friends tried too. When i called for the server there was no sorry nothing but that they use fresh stock everyday!! I felt like asking her to try for herself. She offered me to remake it and was gone for around 25mins after which she showed up with the bill for the table!! No food for me!! Upon reminding her after another 10min they got my green curry and guess what they got a chicken one! Then someone showed up Im sorry Ill get that fixed for you and after another 20min came back with a vegetarian one but not what I had originally ordered! If you screw up with a customer atleast take care you get the person the right dish. I was totally pissed and then again they fixed it in next 5-10min. By this time i had no appetite nor the mood to eat. If thats the kind of service you offer, noones going back there ever ever.. The food I had with the contaminated baby corn earlier has got me a sour throat and I hope Im not falling sick..
5 Okay I'm a little behind in my reviews. Rae and I meet here for lunch on Wednesday and I was very impressed. Waitress was great, just the right amount of attention and very friendly with great suggestions on the food. We shared an order of yellow curry crab cakes. I can't wait to go back and try the yellow curry dish. Then for our entree we had the tofu and eggplant. It was incredible. I'm so excited to finally like a Thai restaurant that's near us. On a side note I had the cantaloupe martini and it was great as well. This may be our new lunch spot. My only suggestion is the clean up the patio and make it look alive. I understand it's to hot to sit out there this summer but it still needs to look presentable.
3 If service had been faster and pricing more reasonable for vegetarian dishes, I would have been inclined to give a higher rating. Our initial impression was positive, as the place looked great, short wait time, and there was live music.  Our drinks were all enjoyable (lychee martini, Moscow mule, and a Mai Tai). We asked for an appetizer to be made vegetarian and were delighted with the result. The tofu lettuce wraps were quite flavorful.  Then we waited what seemed like a half hour to get our entrees after we finished our appetizers.   We were doing family style so we asked for dishes and were given tiny plates.  You need dinner plates during dinner, not tiny side plates.   They don't have very many vegetarian options so they allow you to sub out meat for tofu BUT pricing wise it ends up being pretty high.  If I'm paying $16 for a tofu dish,  that entree had better blow my taste buds' mind. Taste wise, it was good but not as flavorful as the appetizers. We asked for spicy but it tasted closer to mild. Once dinner finished it took us a bit to flag the waitress down to get an order for dessert in... despite it being mango season and it being on the menu there was no mango desert offered.  So we settled for the green tea ice cream and I must say we ended the night on a sweet note.  I just don't know if I would come back, which is unfortunate since it's close to my home.
2 Pass. This is Thai food for people that either a) haven't had true Thai, or b) a few taste buds short of a full palate.   The tom yum was barely passable, and a cup costs as much as a serving for 3-4 at authentic Thai establishments.   But it's an Urban Asian Eatery you say? Doubtful. Chandler is hardly urban. Might as well add Bistro to the name. Save your dollars and go to Swaddee or Thai Rama.
4 Great ambiance!  While it's mainly Thai food, and I have had really delish Thai in some hole in the wall kind of places, or gotten it as take-out, this place serves up good food in a hip setting! What a refreshing change!!  The entrees are kind of more modern than traditional Thai - and are prepared nicely. I went there with my girlfriends, so we for to order and try out multiple dishes. And they were all delicious! And served up so so nicely!! There was one with wide noodles and flank steak - yummy!  Now that dessert - the banana egg roll with ice cream - OMG - heavenly!!! I can't recall the exact name but you must try it!   And did I mention this has a nice ambiance? Very open - and cool decor! Made me want to redecorate my own living room :)  Note to self - write the review within 24 hrs so you can remember the names of the dishes
4 Great Place. Reading some of the reviews I guess some folks think they are on food network. We are an average couple and we like this place a ton. They can customize the dish well and are great with service. Always great.   My wife has celiac and other allergies and they are great about making changes or offering suggestions As far as price, the food quality matches what I would expect for the price. I feel we get our money's worth.   We love it and go back regularly!
4 The service was great. Responsive and friendly. So we started off the the yellow curry crab cakes. I mean potato cakes. The flavor was decent but I felt cheated because I kept feeling like the old lady on the Wendy's commercial "where's the crab?!". If they just renamed the appetizer I would not have felt like I was duped. However, when my duck entree came out it certainly made up for the loss. The sweet chili flavor was spot on! The rice was topped off with a fried egg. I would definitely order it again. My wife ordered the Pad Kee Mao with chicken, mild and sweet. She liked it as well. The sticky rice was like a cozy warm sweet coconut kiss. I would recommend checking it out.
2 Glad I came here with a Groupon because I was not impressed. Definitely not a place to pay full price at. Small portions, big price, mediocre food. Enough said.  Oh, also, worlds slowest service. I don't recommend this place.
4 I have dinner with my parents once a week, usually on Fridays and it just so happens that we decided to go to Chao this particular night because my mom had a Groupon. There was no wait time, which I was excited about for a Friday night. We all ordered drinks and they came pretty promptly. I had the dark and stormy (dark rum, ginger beer, lime and bitters). It was pretty good, but I regretted my decision when I saw they had a Moscow Mule which I overlooked. Oh well.  We all ordered and the downside is that it took quite a while for our dishes to come out ( we assumed everything is fresh and that's why). Once the dishes arrived, everything was delicious. I had the curry braised short ribs with potatoes and carrots, my dad had the pineapple fried rice and my mom got something that I couldn't remember.  My dish was quite tasty, although my only complaint was that there weren't enough pieces of rib. There were about 6 chunks total. This wasn't too much of a problem, because they provided a side of white rice which between the dish and that, filled me up. I just would have liked more ribs because they were so good and didn't like the idea of filling up on rice.  My dad's dish was delicious. I was kind of jealous. His had chunks of crab, fried rice with pineapple flavoring. It was only when he finished his meal (after eating it all and saying how good it was) did he seem to think they brought him the wrong dish. He seemed to think he ordered the pineapple fried rice with chicken and shrimp and had forgotten because of how good it was.  I didn't see what the big deal was if he liked it but I also see the principal of a correct order. Who knows if it was incorrect or if he forgot what he ordered. Oh well, still good. We do think it was incorrect however.  All in all, I'd go back as the food was quite good. Only complaints we're wait time for meals to arrive, not enough ribs, and a possible order mix up. I am looking forward to going back and trying their other drinks and dishes!
3 Owners are kind, I think they give all they can. Unfortunately we came with a Groupon this time and left the 1 & 3 year old at home with a babysitter, and at the end of the meal they would not honor our Groupon (you were supposed to have 4 at the table)  which was a bummer even though we ordered as much as we would with the little kiddos in tow.  Food was good, yes portions are small but very tasty.
