5 Now I was a little taken aback when I called iDoctor AZ and was told that they were located inside a Water & Ice location on Rural & Elliott...but with a iPad in need of repair, I figured I might as well at least check it out.  When I arrived I was greeted promptly by the owner who actually does the repairing in the back of the water/thrifty ice cream location...he took my number and said he would call as soon as he repaired it.  Hands down the best service and price in the east valley if you need to replace a cracked iPad screen, or phone screen for that matter...for example, iPad 2 screen replaced within an hour and a half $90.00....slightly more for 3rd & 4th generation...the price quoted you is what you pay...HIGHLlY recommend
5 The BEST! INEXPENSIVE! PROMPT!   I had cracked my iPad mini screen and had shopped around for replacements. Everyone else wanted $150, IDoctor AZ only charged me $90!  I was skeptical as he operated out of Water and Ice, but business is business!   Quick, professional and great service! Would ABSOLUTELY go back again and recommend to anyone!
5 Completely shattered my iphone 5 screen. The guy had it fixed like new, in under 30 min. Cheapest price around, as well. I'd definitely go back...hope I never need to thou.
5 Got my iPhone 5 fixed in under 20 minutes for $100. Great price! My screen looks great. Should definitely come here to get your phone fixed.
5 Shattered my iPhone screen. He had it replaced in under 30 minutes for about $20-30 cheaper than the other shops I called. I was a little hesitant walking into a water and ice store to get my iPhone fixed, but the service was great and at an awesome price ($90 for an iPhone 5). I would recommend a friend or family member in need of a screen repair in a heartbeat.
5 That was amazing. I'm convinced this guy is a wizard. I waited for 5 minutes and my phone was brand new. My screen was SUPER shattered. Plus he gives you a little warranty! I'm ecstatic! Thank you!!
5 DO NOT hesitate to come here!!!!  Was pleasantly surprised to find a location so close to my home (across the street), when my DH dropped by iPad mini and shattered the screen.  I found the doc on Yelp, and decided to try it.  I dropped my mini off, was quoted $120 to replace the screen (no corners were bent or anything), and said to give him a few hours.  Less than 2 hours later, he called and said it was ready!  Looks so pretty and new!  He was friendly, was eager to help and I didn't even need an appt!!!  Was a little surprised that the "Dr" is inside a water and ice...but good for him for making the most out of his space!  Love going to small businesses especially in my community!  We have a regular iPad that has been cracked for a year (but still usable) that I plan on taking here next week for replacement!
5 Fast service , best price around the area for replacing iPhone 5s screen. I highly recommend this store
5 Shattered my iPhone 5 screen today and the LCD screen went out. Called and asked him if it was repairable. He said of course. Came in and had it fixed in 4 minutes! He is awesome!!
5 Shattered iPhone 5 screen over the weekend.....brought it in and iDoctorAZ had it fixed in 5 mins......absolutely amazing. The price and the service was incredible.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5 My grandson's iPhone fell off his bed and onto the tile floor.  It shattered the glass and the case.  He wasn't going to tell me and a couple of weeks went by when he was texting and I saw his screen.  Tiny pieces of glass were missing and I was afraid he would cut his face or fingers.   I immediately went to the Apple store website and saw they wanted about $150 for a piece of glass. The phone didn't cost that much new, so I did a search and Yelp came up.  On Yelp I found several businesses advertised in the Phoenix metro area.  I also read a review of someone who tried to do it himself and it was basically a disaster.  I called Mobile iPhone and sent them a message.  No response, so I called iDoctor AZ.  He said he was open until 7 pm and to come on over.  Once I located him in the Water and Ice store in the NE corner of Elliot and Rural, it took him 15 minutes to replace the glass and cost $60. The phone looks brand new and my grandson said it works beautifully.  We were also given a 30 day warranty on the new glass. I know where I am going should I need additional work on our iPhones.   iDoctor AZ was fabulous and quick.  Very professional work.  Where else can you enjoy an ice cream cone while you wait for your phone repair?
