4 Vila Algarve is a great new family owned restaurant I visited on a whim. The waitress was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu filled with Portugese and Mediterranean specialties, and the owner was eager to please. I was amazed by the low prices, especially considering the quality and freshness of ingredients (non-chewy grilled calamari and ruby red, non-pithy tomatoes). The atmosphere leaves something to be desired as the dining room is huge with more tables than you can imagine being filled, but I will definitely be back to try more of their yummy food.
5 The food is awesome, fresh, and unique, like the Portaguese sardines. The presentation is masterful. The service is impeccable. The prices are too low and will probably rise. They are waiting on their liquor license so they dont have wine right now. But do yourself a favor and eat here.
5 This place is a tiny little hole in the wall that I can see really taking off.  When you enter, it instantly has a Mediterranean vibe there's a bar area to the side and a main dining area. The dining area is actually very spacious and wide open. The table layout though can make the meals feel quite intimate The staff here is extremely nice and helpful. We were greeted with a giant smile and a welcome. My and my friend weren't too well versed on the food and the host was sure to explain exactly what came in each dish The food was amazing. The skewers were melt in your mouth good and the lemon butter vegetables made me a convert. It comes with beef, chicken or steak. The sandwich was good, it had pork and other goodies slathered with sauce in a bun. I haven't sampled the pasta yet but my friend raves about how good it was. For dessert, there was mascarpone, which isn't a dessert I normally like but since the host recommended I decided to go with and let's just say I wasn't disappointed  --a few points notes, they don't have their liquor license as of 2/16/14 -- related to above, the bar area is really deserted  They also have a stage and what looks to be a setup for live music. Whenever this does start being used, I can see it being a huge hit.  Overall it a good restaurant, some things that I see them workin on and no reason why this wouldn't be 5 stars all the way!!
4 Another new business that I just couldn't wait to open. Vegas kind of lacks in Portuguese restaurants so when I noticed that Vila Algarve was opening up I had to go. It's located in the old Sushi Factory spot in a plaza on the NW corner of Tropicana and Jones. It's a very spacious place. They've been open for only a couple weeks but I don't think many people know since the 2 times I've been there no one was there, for lunch and dinner.  Opening up the menu you can either read the very delicious sounding descriptions or look at the very delicious looking pictures.  You can even ask the very friendly staff if they had any recommendations. I wanted everything and just started ordering, my eyes and my stomach were not on the same page. They have Portuguese chicken livers and giblets, Portuguese sausages, snails and frog legs, various pastas, curries, skewered meats, steaks, seafood, wraps, and desserts. I was told they use less seasoning in some of their food than usual to appeal to the people but they'll make it spicier if you wanted.  The Trinchado, from their menu were "Cubes of meat marinated in red wine, grilled to perfection, cooked with trinchado creamy sauce and olives with pits, served with toasted bread." How do you not order it. It was good. I liked the creamy sauce and meat was perfect. Be aware that the olives are with pits and the pits are no joke when your teeth whack it. I'd order it again. There's an appetizer version and a full meal version.  The Halloumi Cheese, from their menu was "cyrpus grilled goat cheese, served with sweet and sour or peri peri sauce." It was really salty and pretty good. Seems like it would be good with some beer. Eat it right away and don't let it cool down to much cause it gets hard.   The Dobrada Portuguesa was "slow cooked ox tripe and broiled with mixed cheese." It was my favorite of the 3 items I've ordered. You either like tripe or dislike tripe and I like tripe covering it with cheese makes it even better. The smell is strong.  The interior is nice and clean with a big screen TV. The staff is very friendly and did everything right.  What to expect after I write this review beside my multiple check-ins and picture posting? They're in the process of getting their liquor license. They already have a nice bar area setup as soon as they get to fill it with liquor and serve it up the better. They have what looked like a setup for live music. They have a lot of potential. I'd be back.
5 Items Selected: Milk Bread Half Chorizo - Pork Sausage with Red Wine, Flame Grilled and finished tableside Trinchado Chicken - Red Wine, Creamy Sauce, Olives, Toasted Bread Halloumi Cheese - Goat Cheese, Sweet and Sour Snails - Chardonnay White Wine Garlic Sauce, Mixed Cheese Calamari Curry - Creamy Coconut Curry Sauce, Rice, Chutney Bacalao "A Brass" - Salt Cod, Shredded and Cooked with Onions, Garlic, Potatoes, Eggs, Extra Virgin Olive Oil Tiramisu  Located in a sprawling space at the corner of Tropicana and Jones where proprietor Lubka (Luby) greeted us with a smile at the door as her husband, Ross, tended to the kitchen it would be difficult to imagine a more charming first impression of a new restaurant than the one with which I walked away from Vila Algarve on Saturday afternoon.  Empty save for one other table at our 2pm arrival and featuring a diverse menu anchored in rich Portuguese traditions with all stocks, sauces, and spice blends made in house it was with a small amount of experience in the region's cuisine that our quartet perused the options but with staff more than willing to engage, discuss, and suggest despite significant language barriers the seven items selected all proved not only well prepared and presented, but also highly educational and thoroughly enjoyable.  Skipping over seemingly out-of-place pizzas and pastas, though we were assured that these too are common to the cuisine, and focusing instead on the items favored by Luby as well as personal tastes it was with dense, warm milk bread that we began and with plates coursed out one-by-one appetizers commenced with lightly spiced Portuguese chorizo, ablaze on presentation and smoky with a snappy kielbasa-esque flavor, followed by squeaky griddled Halloumi with house-made sweet and sour serving to balance the brine.  Moving next to tender snails in thick garlic cream it was fourth that the primary reason for my visit arrived and living up to high hopes the milk-soaked and shredded preserved cod was perfect as two large cylinders arrived featuring ample salinity balanced by smashed potatoes, eggs, and subdued aromatics to form something rich, rustic, and satisfying...something I routinely seek out elsewhere now done well in my own back yard.  Rounding out the savories with two more richly sauced proteins including snappy squid in bright curry and tender chicken with notes of cumin, paprika, and something citrus perfuming the palate it was with full stomachs that Luby compelled us to order dessert, the tiramisu made by herself that morning, and whether 'traditional' or not I'm uncertain but either way the scoop of light mascarpone and bold coffee was much like the rest of the afternoon - delicious, comfortable, and served with gracious smiles and requests to come back soon, something I've no doubt the bacalao will compel.
5 Four of us met here for lunch so that we could try several dishes to try Portuguese food.  The owner, Lubka, told us it was the only Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas.    We were brought rolls and our drinks came quickly.  We ordered several starters to share.  First was a half chorizo that was cooked with red wine and flame grilled tableside.  Next, we had the dish Halloumi, goat cheese grilled over cypress and served with a sweet and sour sauce.   Next came the snails cooked with a chardonnay white wine and garlic sauce and broiled with mixed cheeses and served with some toast slices.  Next was Bacalao, a dish made up of salted cod, mashed potatoes, garlic, onions, eggs and extra virgin olive oil and served with a salad of mixed greens.  Lubka (Luby) told us how they treated the salt cod daily with whole milk to remove the saltiness of the cod so it wasn't overpoweringly salty.  Then onto the chicken Trinchado.  The chicken is marinated in red wine and grilled.  It's then put in the Trinchado sauce which had a nice paprika flavor and a small hint of cumin.  Then we had the Calamari curry, a bowl of nicely cooked calamari in a curry sauce that didn't hit you up front but had a nice curry tang after the fact.  It was quite good.  With the calamari, we got rice and a container of chutney.  The flavors complimented each other nicely.  When we thought we had no more room, Luby insisted we have some dessert.  We went with the tiramisu.  It's quite a different looking dish from common tiramisu.  The  ladyfingers weren't like most tiramisu but there was a wonderful chocolate and  coffee flavor in the ladyfingers and the mascarpone cheese made this a wonderful ending dish.  Service was outstanding for the two hours or so that we were there.  We asked that the dishes not be brought out all at once and they did one at a time.  Luby came to the table and asked if it was OK to start the next dish.  She explained the dishes when she brought them and she was an absolute joy!  She's very proud of her food and she has reason to be proud!    This was a very memorable lunch with good company, good conversation, excellent food, and outstanding and very pleasant service.  Thanks to LJ and Niyen for the heads up on Vila Algarve.  I certainly expect to come back soon. I have to try some of their chicken livers and gizzards.  We opted not to do the organ meats yesterday.  That omission will be rectified soon!
5 Food is awesome! Service is great! Atmosphere is very nice! I am very glad I tried this place. I will definitely be back. The fish and chips were amazing, the flaming chorizo they bring to the table as a starter was wonderful and wow so was the beef espetada!!!
5 Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef. I would recommend it.
5 I had the most amazing lunch today. I tried a new restaurant, Vila Algarve. Not only was the food amazingly presented. It tasted even more amazing. Half Chorizo as a starter was served in a flaming dish. It was delicious. I had the Chicken Espetada (12 oz. marinated chicken) served on the skewer; this was the tenders' most flavorful chicken I have ever had! My partner had the Beef Espetada(12 oz. marinated beef) medium rare equally tender and flavorful. Our server was attentive and very helpful. The décor gave you the feel of being in a Portugal bistro . The owners Luby & Linden are extremely  personal and accommodating. They have a full bar with great prices. Comfortable seating both inside and outside. There is even a stage area. The clean open atmosphere  is very inviting. Prices are very affordable. A great place for a romantic date or a family gathering.
5 Best traditional Portuguese cuisine in Vegas the place is very nice with a perfect "date night" surroundings. Their fish dishes are beyond delicious especially their "Bacalao" is cooked to perfection. Great place for any taste
4 Vila Algarve is a newly opened Portugese restaurant close to the strip. The restaurant has a dim lit, intimate vibe which is quite nice. The waitresses seat you when you enter, and the service is very friendly. We usually start off with the Beef Trinchado appetizer.  The cooked beef tastes great, and it comes with toasted bread perfect for dipping because the sauce...is delicious! Practically had us wiping the plate with our fingers. The owner offered some good wine to us as well.  I am a pasta man, so I ordered the Algarve Chicken Pasta. If you are a fan of Fettucini Alfredo dishes, this will be right up your alley. Once again, I was using bread to scoop up all that tasty pasta sauce. My lady ordered the Beef Espetadas. Very yummy pieces of beef sliced, and placed on a skewer. We gobbled it up like m&ms. A very filling dish. Comes with a side of vegetables/fries. To top it off, the owner gave us our first "dessert shots". I forgot the name of the dish but if she mentions it, do not sleep! It is a flavorful mix of mint, alcohol, and deliciousness. Next time I come back to the restaurant I will also like to try the Paella!  As much as I love eating at Vila Algarve, I do have a couple complaints. When it comes to extras, please expect to be charged for everything. This includes water and A1 steak sauce. Last time I was there, we also ran into a small situation where we were told the restaurant does not do split checks for guests. Very disappointing, so unfortunately I say this works best for small groups or if everyone has cash. However these things are minor if you know beforehand, I couldn't recommend this place enough!
5 I was so excited to see that Las Vegas finally had a Portuguese restaurant. It was wonderful and everything was made very fresh! The staff was great as well, which can be hard to find! I ordered their chouriço ,caldo verde( soup with kale, potato, and chouriço), and bacalhau a bras. They were wonderful and very authentic! I look forward to going back to support them and trying more things on the menu.
5 Went last night and had a fantastic Portuguese meal. The food is as good or  better than my Mother and Grandmother Portuguese cooking. As a 1st generation Portuguese born in the states I give this place 5 stars.... The owner spoke to us and we love her... Food is great !!!! please all Portuguese and Brazilian please try it you will love it... FORCA PORTUGAL!!!!!
5 Given that my parents are from Madeira Island, I was super excited to find this amazing restaurant. Lubi took care of us, as well as her very attentive wait staff. The food was amazing. Since I had never tried a pizza with Portuguese spices, I chose this for my entry. It was delicious and minus the greasiness of many pizzas. My boyfriend ordered the meat on the skewer which reminded me of family barbeque's from my childhood. If you want an authentic Portuguese dining experience, I highly recommend that you try Vila Algarve.
5 Amazing food, fantastic service, in a very clean and comfortable environment.  This is a new restaurant just a few blocks west of the strip, in the Spring Valley area.  The first bite of my lunch made me stop and look around.  I didn't know where that perfect balance of flavor was coming from.  Every bite was enjoyable and the only sad point is when I was done and couldn't keep eating.  The service was very caring, which is so rare in the food service industry today.  Lastly, the milieu is clean, slightly upscale without becoming pretentious, and complements the food and service perfectly.  You would be comfortable coming to this restaurant in flip flops and a tee, or dressed to the nines.  If you try it out because of my recommendation, please let me know what you thought!  Thanks for reading :)
5 If your reading this your already missing out!!  Bookmarking Vila a few weeks back I finally got here to an empty restaurant! I thought it was a little strange, that was until we met the Lubka!!! That's where our experience took off!!! After being sat and shown the menus we decided to go with all recommendations from the waitress and owner.  Starting off with some great house made sangria we ordered the Portuguese Chorizo and Snails! Wow..... These 2 starters we're simply brilliant, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. Highly recommended!!!  For our mains we ordered Portuguese Steak and Paella Portuguese style. Both were great, my favorite  had to be the Paella. It seemed a little like a southern style dish I've had before just with out the spice.  Now this is where Vila Algarve shines from the menu Desert: Mascarpone and Home Make Cake.... I don't know how to explain these 2, other than Epic!!!! I'm dead serious Epic!!! Texture, flavor and simply outstanding!!   I would also like to say Vila is a very kid friendly restaurant with High chairs and a small menu for kids. The staff were fantastic with my one year old. Also they said they encourage people to bring along there little ones.  Also after 8pm they have some nice love music. I did say at the start of this review it was empty, once 7p came around the place started filling up quick.  This restaurant is going to take off!!! Having a very international staff and grounding in what it takes to make genuine European food, Vila Algarve is high end food with group and family like atmosphere...  5 stars
5 This place is just Wonderful !!! My wife and I have eaten here twice and the food was first rate !!! Very nice people !!! It's like going home and meeting old friends !!! So nice to have this kind of place in Vegas !!!   Bill Kipp
2 Expected better from all the raving reviews. Two of us got the Paella, we both agreed it tasted liked boxed Spanish rice, chicken on the skewer was dry and tough and the frys with it were just Ore Ida frozen ones. Tried the chicken liver appetizer, this was tasty, but I'm not sure why everyone on this site is raving about the toast, it's actually just white Wonder bread. Took 3 hours for us to get our food, owner did say it would take a while, (claiming it's all fresh made), it's more like they only have to burners on the stove and 1 sauce pan, literally brought out 1 dish then would have to wait 10-15 minutes for someone else's dish (not busy either, only 5 other people there).  Over-rated and more expensive.
5 I loved the sea food platter. WOW - it comes with 2 lobster tails, Tiger shrimp, green lips mussels, calamari, and 2 white fish filets - all grilled and healthy. The price? .... just $49. It goes very well with Vino Verde, the popular Portuguese white wine that is so difficult to find in most US restaurants.
5 This place is amazing!  I started going there on a regular basis about a month ago and everything I have tried on their menu has been incredibly fresh and cooked to order. The staff is wonderful and the service impeccable. The sea food is so fresh as though they just fished it out of the ocean this morning. And the prices are VERY affordable.  It is a family friendly place, great to bring kids to, they made a special cheese pita for my 6 yr old picky eater , that Lubi the owner, suggested and my son loved it! Way to go guys! I know Vila Algarve is going to become one of Las Vegas's top restaurants soon!
4 I really wanted to love this place but there were some problems. To start the sangria is watered down and with it being 20 bucks, it is not worth 5 in my opinion.  The snails have a garlicky cheese sauce and were amazing, must try.    In an attempt to find a cheese I had in Portugal I got their grilled cheese with the peri peri sauce.  It's not bad worth a try.  Sardines, one of the waitresses recommended adding balsamic to these and wow it was great.  The gizzards with a gravy, now these are chicken gizzards and have a beef tasting gravy.  It really didn't do it for me.  Beef and chicken two separate flavors that need to be separate.  The paella well it was soupy and tomato based need I say more.
2 Unfortunately, my experience at Vila Algarve did not measure up with the expectations the reviews on Yelp created. While the service was friendly, we walked in at 5pm and the restaurant was completely empty. Because the space is large, it made the experience a little eerie. Only one other table would show up within the hour or so that we were there.  For the food, we tried a cheesy tripe dish, portuguese sausage, and a chicken curry. Whether or not it was a bad night or the food quality has gone down, everything was quite bland. For example, the chicken in the curry tasted good at first, but once getting to the center of the chicken, it was basically tasteless.   We also got some complimentary bread and oil with balsamic vinegar, but even the bread tasted somewhat stale and flavorless.  I do hope that the restaurant is able to find some success, but I simply wasn't impressed with the food that night. It actually reminds me of one of those restaurant rescue shows - they need to slim down the menu and focus on high quality choices because as of now they touch on too many different cuisines.
5 Delicious food, great service. I am recommending this place to everyone!
5 This place is a true gem and I feel so lucky to have the only Portuguese restaurant in Vegas so close to me! I recently returned from a trip around Portugal and Vila Algarve is truly authentic. We had the half chorizo, shrimp tails, bacalhau, verde soup, dolmades and calamari curry. Everything was spectacular but the chorizo and bacalhau stand out. The owner and her family are genuine and provide a European restaurant experience. I'm even more excited by the fact they offer Douro valley red wine. I do wish they had some by the glass but I'll gladly polish off a bottle. I'm hoping they'll incorporate a late night happy hour, as I think this could be an industry hot spot.
5 I have never tried portuguesse cusine before. I absolutely loved it! The food is sinfuly delicious! The staff were outstanding. I recommend this place ti everyone!
5 Wow!  My wife and I kept putting off going Vila Algarve to eat because of the mixed reviews, we are very sad that we put it off. We lived in the Azores for 19 months and are very familiar with Portuguese food, we were not disappointed by the experience. First of all we were greeted at the door by Luby and shown to a great table. Our server did a great job of explaining things on the menu and pointed us in the right direction. We started out with a bottle of Vinho Verde and two appetizers; halloumi cheese and grilled calamari.  What a great start!  For our entree, we shared the Bacallau Assado and the grilled scallops. The cod fish was amazing with a little drizzle of balsamic vinegar and the scallops we the best I have ever had. Seriously, the scallops were like butter they were so rich and delicate. For desert we shared the flour less walnut chocolate cake and coffees (meia de leite and espresso). Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was stellar. More people owe it to themselves to try the amazing restaurant. Do not expect fast, American style food. This is pretty authentic Portuguese/European style dining. Slow down and enjoy Vila Algarve, you will be glad you did!
4 Hmmmmm....ok service was great and informative the cheese appetizer was really good unfortunately it took awhile....the food was also great but again it took awhile...if this place was packed it would take a day for you to get your meal...lol But they pride themselves on taking time for your meal...a European thing I quess... Overall good enough but make sure to clean your schedule for that night
4 We went here because it is close to where we live. We we pleasantly surprised with the evening. We started with the chorizo. It was great as was the homemade sauce it came with. I had the scallops, which were large and perfectly cooked, very tender. My husband had the beef espetada, and it was amazing. Well cooked, the marinade was perfect. Our waitress was very helpful and it is a restaurant that I would recommend.
5 Everything was awesome! The presentation was beautiful and the chef came out to meet and talk to us.
