5 Cloud has moved again!  For me, Cloud has always been a staple in the Vegas hookah scene. I recall the first Cloud 9 back in the day. It was small and cramped but T was always there to make you a great hookah. And while the latter hasn't changed, the new location is bigger and better than ever.  This third incarnation of Cloud has about twice the seating space with a dedicated dance floor, improved sound system and two bathrooms (thank god!). Hookahs run $18, bottles of water and snacks are also available. No kitchen or bar but its ok as most people are drinking in the parking lot anyways. Theres a pretty decent selection of flavors and Moe is always coming around with fresh coconut coals.   On weekend nights the lounge transforms into what I call 'Loud Cloud'. Like a club but for 18+, Loud Cloud features a DJ blasting EDM remixes and plenty of  people dancing where ever they can. Its so loud you won't be able to speak to the person next to you but the laser lights will keep ya entertained. On busier nights lines can form but theres never been a cover.   Definitely one of the better lounges in town. Czech it out!
5 Man.. Where do I start?!? This place is awesome from the environment to the employees are so chill and on point!   First impressions was the atmosphere was so chill and the lighting sets it so right.   The DJ blasting music which I love from all different types of genres. So ladies and gents you can still shuffle to drop it like its hott if you know what I mean ;)   BEST part is HOOKAH! My oh my the hookahs are always hitting soooo clean and smooth! (Like Keith Stone) haha Anyways, yes their mixes in flavors are really good and creative.   Now for the best part sucking!! haha man the smoke is so thick and awesome!! That's what I call a freaking good a@@ hookah Yo!! The service is constantly on point with blowing out your bowls to coal rotations to just making sure your hookah is hitting right so that your session is always good.   If your a hookah fan this is a MUST!!   Okay, back too sucking and blowing ... Hookah  you dirty minded peeps lol
1 Horrible hookah burned out so fast never going back. Music was horrible just bad service over all.
5 Great new location! Awesome DJ booth big with lots of room and a very friendly staff! I would highly recommend!
5 Best hookah spot in Vegas! Why? The flavors are the bomb, the hookah is smooth, and the atmosphere is great. I've sought out hookah from all over the world and must say, if i want a proper hookah, Cloud 9 is the only place to go!  Everyone at Cloud is friendly and will make sure your hookah and experience is satisfactory if not fantastic.   The DJs at Cloud also keep the place bumpin with anything from hiphop to edm.   Must check out if you're in Vegas and hookah is your vice.
5 One if my favorite lounges to go to besides luna lounge when it comes to the club and party vibe at night !
5 Always great customer service! Not a good place to have a quiet chat, but great for dancing!
1 Bad service! First hookah was leaking and the guy still have it to us Worst service I have ever received kept calling the guy. Hookah had been harsh for a good while. Never saw the guy again since we walked in
5 My second home!! From day one I have always felt welcome here and have been treated like family. Weekdays are perfect for chilling, meeting new people, and weekends get super fun and the dance floor is always packed!! Hookahs are consistently well made, attended to by a friendly staff, and the flavor selection is extensive! Everything from fumari, starbuzz, al fakher, kashmir to haze! (Try the vanilla latte) Definitely beats any other lounge in Vegas. Wish I could give more stars!
5 Cloud 9 is the best hookah spot. Great DJs. Great staff. Great crowd over all. Yeah they might not serve alcohol  but they do have a xbox one that you can play with while smoking the best flavors in town!
