3 This park is too small for the amount of dogs that frequent this park, especially at night.   The best times to come are early in the morning til late afternoon. In the afternoon there are rowdy dogs who have been cooped up all day running wild here.  I like that there is a seperate section for small dogs. Poop bags are available in both the small dog and bigger section and there are pooper scoopers and trashcans everywhere. The water fountain is in the small dog side which is kind of awkward.   Overall it is a decent park if you come at certain times. People are nice and the regular dogs that come are friendly. It's a good park.
3 Yesterday I spent the day at the Snedigar Sportsplex baseball fields. My son played on Field #6 for 2 games. We were at the park for about 5 hours and all I can think about is DIRT!  My eyes and throat are still agitated and I was not enjoying the day yesterday with the breeze blowing dirt every which direction. The baseball fields are fine, nice even, but I'm not getting over the amount of dirt we took in.  Nothing is paved - there are NO SIDEWALKS. Even the dugouts are loose dirt.  It's miserable.
5 Best, and biggest, skatepark in AZ. Too bad it has a closing time...
4 They've remodeled the park! There are a lot more benches to sit at, including around the corner in the long run. Still best times to go are early morning til early afternoon (before the 5pm rush hits). Still closed on Weds for maintenance. Only downside is that they put down this red sand that will stain your interior, especially if your pup gets muddy paws.
5 I took my chihuahua puppy here last Sat. and it was her (and my) first time at a dog's park. We felt so welcome by the people that was there, all very friendly. They recommended us to start at one of the enclosures that is reserved for small or timid/shy dogs. Eventually my dog felt more confident about interacting with other dogs, so we went to the other side.  In the other enclosure the area is bigger and there are training obstacles. In both areas they have benches and tables. We are definitively coming back!  Excelente lugar para traer perros pequeños y para primerizos o con poca experiencia socializando ya que cuentan con dos areas separadas, para perros mas activos y para perros timidos. La gente ha sido muy amable conmigo y mi chihuaha de 4 meses y medio. Importante tener en cuenta que el perrito debe tener mas de 4 meses y todas sus vacunas antes de traerlo al parque!
4 My dogs love this park. it is small enough so you can keep an eye on your dogs, but big enough so they can run. The park is kept clean & the people are very friendly. They have picnic tables so you can sit & chat while your dogs have a great time.  Because of thevhot weather now. Most people come early in the morning or. After 7:30 in the evening. There is a separate gated area in case your dog is timid in the beginning.
4 This is a very nice park, lots of space, lots of organized kids programs through Sportball org, and a nice kids playground area.  They definitely need more & better signage.
5 Such a cool park/rec area!  The softball/baseball diamonds have shade coverings, a novelty for this Midwestern chick. Also, a really cool skatepark. I got to watch one of my cousins skateboard around with kids his age, younger, and older. Everything is connected by wide sidewalks for walkers/runners/bikers/skateboarders and everything in between.
