4 I left a previous review for the same place under the previous name of the business. Went back for a second time and everything was great again. Can't beat a gyro, fries, and drink for 5 bucks. Leave full and happy every time. Please keep this special and I will be a regular here along with the guys I work with.
5 It's the real Greek deal. Lamb Beef Keota was fresh. Basmati rice was cooked to perfection. Tatziki sauce was just right & complimented the food perfectly.   3 kinds of hummus available. Roasted red pepper, jalapeno, & plain. All very tasty with warm fresh pita bread.    Prices were reasonable & parking convenient. Can't wait to use their catering
5 This place is a true gem. The staff is always very pleasant & the restrooms are super clean.  Now to the food... Delicious! Best tzatziki sauce in the area!
5 I am in love with this place. I work down the street, and frequent this Al's with a co-worker 2-5 times a month, depending on what we feel like eating. Al's Gyro's never disappoints. Their food is very flavorful, and the serving size is pretty big, so it fills you up and keeps you satisfied all day. If you go there long enough, the cashier remembers you (well at least me and my coworker) because every now and then she'll give us a discount or throw in a free baklava (also delicious).  I've tried a few different things on the menu, and I have to say that the chicken pita is my absolute favorite. It's real chicken, that is marinated and  it's heavenly. Their french fries are also so so good. And for some reason, their coca cola in the soda fountain is also just so good, and tastes sweeter than at other places. The seating is limited, but even during lunch time (12-1 is my lunchtime) I have always found a spot to sit and never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get my food. They also serve you the food to wherever you are sitting. All in all, I love Al's gyros, and will keep going there!!!
5 Best gyros in the world customer service is great I would really recommend ALS Chicago Finest Gyros!!!!! Good food service and yummy
5 This place is SO good!! I got the grilled veggies and hummus plate and completely loved it. The spanakopita is good, my mom liked her hot dog too. AND THE FRENCH FRIES! Seriously they are amazing. Whatever you get....add a side of French fries!!  Menu is well priced. You do have to wait a little for your food, but because it's all fresh made and totally worth it. Cute family owned place with great food. I'll be coming here all the time now. In fact, I've been here two days in a row #noshame.
4 I love the Gyro, fries and drink combo.....you can't go wrong with the old number 1. Their Gyro is very good and always if a fresh pita. It is worth making a trip here for the fries alone. They are done up perfect! For sure this is a work place hang out during lunch time.  I am sure that everything else on the menu would be equally as good, but I just can't get away from combo number 1.
4 I did a quick stop in here to get some food on my way to a class.  Honestly, without the glowing Yelp reviews, I don't know that I would have come here.  (It's no one's fault but strip mall restaurants just aren't appealing.  And it's a shame because that's where a lot of the good family-owned places are.)    Service was fast and my chicken wrap was fantastic.  I think they might put crack in their tzatziki - I could eat a bowl of it.  The chicken was tender and extremely flavorful.    I am in the area frequently and look forward to returning when I'm a little less rushed.
