4 Stopped by today and picked up a tasty juice. Very friendly people and willing to help you out. Juice is on the more expensive side at $12 for 15ML. but the flavors are very tasty so I picked one up because it was unique. Probably won't visit often because of the price - but a very friendly place and has a great social area for hanging out.
5 Came in today for their grand opening. I'm here for the week and I saw a flyer. I stopped in which it was really packed but they were really knowledgeable about the devices they had and were willing to teach you how to set it up. They have an abundance of juices which you can try in the store. Really cool people. I suggest if you're into vaping and trying to quit cigarettes to give it a try
5 I have visited this store a few times now and the staff has always made me feel like a valued client of theirs.  I can choose any store to go to cuz there are a few around the area but I find myself going back to this one because of the great customer service and knowledgable information about there product and juices.  They have lots to choose from and they don't mind helping you out.  Everything you would want out of a vape store. Definitely a great new vape establishment and worth a trip.
5 I stopped by at Haus Of Vapors on 3/15/14 for their Grand Opening and was greeted by a really friendly staff.  They were very informative regarding their juices, products, and the aspects of vaping.  Andrew, Sara, Kevin, and Phillip, provided excellent customer service.  This shop is definitely a keeper.  Will frequent often to obtain more of Illuminati and Corkscrew!  Delicious!
5 Haus of Vapors has my loyalty. Not only do they collaborate with the local vape community, they offer extremely competitive prices on hardware. I have had horrible experiences getting ripped off at other shops, and these guys are doing this because they love it. You can tell from the moment you walk in that they love what they do. They rebuild for free and really take the time to make sure you leave happy. 10/10
5 Been wanting to make the switch from analogs to e-cigs for awhile now. Thought about ordering online but I'd seen this location on my drive to work and decided to go in instead so I could get some personal help with my purchase and I wouldn't have to wait for shipping.  I am completely confident I made the right choice. The employee who helped me out (didn't get his name while I was there unfortunately, but my receipt says it was Kevin K) was extremely helpful. He seemed to have a genuine interest in helping me make my choice, knew what he was talking about, explained exactly the differences in the options for what I was buying, demonstrated how everything worked, encouraged me to try out their flavors to find one I like, just did everything he could to make me comfortable and confident in what I was buying.  The ability to try out their flavors is awesome - the one he recommended for me tastes great, and I found a few others I loved by trying them out. I also tried one that sounded great from the description but I really didn't enjoy at all - something that I wouldn't have known if I had tried to buy online.  Overall a great experience, I love the device I purchased (and haven't had an analog since buying it), and will definitely be back here in the future to try out some new juices or if I decide to upgrade. I can't recommend this place enough, especially to anyone new to e-cigs.
