1 Worst experience with any company I have ever dealt with. Nothing was completed when promised. Final deadline was missed. No estimates provided for any work. You have no idea what your budget is and when you ask you are not given any helpful information other than to go to the store and pick out like for like items. If you don't remember or know brands you are not provided any guidance. Regardless of whether you follow insurance allowances you will always be told you are over budget and need to pay out of pocket. Don't feel pressured to use this company, take your time and figure out how to do it on your own.
5 I'm a client whose sustained close to $500,000 in damages to my home and I had the pleasure to work with ATI.  I meet with several vendors and I did my research and they were the most responsive, dressed in uniforms, showed up in a company vehicle, assisted my family with our important items and did everything that I could ask of a contractor.  These guys are the premier restoration contractor in Arizona and the United States for a reason! There's a reason that over 2,500 customers call them for help on Arizona every year!  If you are looking for the best of the best, they are your guys!  If you are looking to cut corners, save money, etc then there are others out there you should call.
5 ATI has been continuously helpful to me and my business associates
5 Eric did a really great job of getting to the job in under 30 min of my reporting a problem and getting the site secured amid the chaos that was ensuing. He appointed Ron to be my project manager and Ron did a really exceptional job of manuvering through all the hoops with the city to get the permits we needed. There were a few issues along the way, but nothing unusual for a project of this size and Ron did a great job of getting them taken care of quickly.  When it was all said and done the building is looking great and I'm happy with the results. I would recommend Eric Wingham and Ron James at ATI for your building restoration.
