4 They did a great redesign of the inside. This used to be Native New Yorker quite a while ago and couple of places in between. Definitely worth the time to find.   The breakfast selection is limited but that might be along of the lines of they don't do a lot but what they do, they do very well.   We tried the Stuffed French Toast, Chaquillias and the Eggs Tuscano. I have to say everything was very, very good. The flavors are great and the prices were fair at $7 a plate. Good size portions too.  My only suggestion/complaint is the hostess needs to be much more aware and welcome people as they come in. Lots of attention needed there.   Service was good and the waitress was very friendly. It was busy so food did take a while but worth the wait.   It is near Sun City West so it was definitely an older crowd.   We will be back to try the lunch and dinner menu and most definitely return for breakfast.
1 Just came from dinner there.  YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME .  Pros They ALMOST got the décor right. Close kinda like hey we tried but it was more expensive than we thought so we cut some corners at the end.  Cons There is something that I know from being in the restaurant business almost 23 years that once you know you can not not know. Here it is. The prices on the menu are too low. A 17 dollar "regular cut filet mignon"...umm no thank you. Second, we decided to play it really safe on our first visit......even playing it safe no thank you. The prices on the menu dictate really really poor quality ingredients and it screamed Sysco Reliant crap...that may sound harsh but I know what I know. Next, EVERY item we tried had a spice in it that tasted like burnt wood smells. It really was over powering EVERYTHING. Soup, pasta, chicken and shrimp all were blasted with this spice that I can not put my finger on. Next, the staff looked like worn out Denny's waitresses. They were UNSIGHTLY. Next some guy that looked like a strung out Frankenstein delivered our food..I am not exaggerating. The food was delivered without ordered sides which NEVER came out and before the soup came out. I hope it gets better but there is ALOT of improvement across the board needed.
2 Service is FreAKING slow !!!!! Had to wait to 15 min to order food.... Asked meanwhile for extra napkins..... Waitress was more worry  to check out bills than bringing napkins..... so, I took silverware from dif table.....  Service bad, food is better than Zen cafe used to be.....
1 Stopped for a beverage. The "owner" ignored me even after one of the breakfast wait staff asked him to wait on me. He never did although I was there for one hour. Patty the wait person was awesome and took care of me although she was very far away from the bar. The "owner" did acknowledge a male customer.
2 Been excited to try this place and figured some of the reviews were growing pains, but in my book it was just ok.  Food wasn't anything special, not bad just adequate.   Another couple came in after us and no one even acknowledged them.   They were patient and waited for at least 20 minutes and finally walked out the door.     I don't think I will go back.
4 This used to be Zens. They do breakfast but if your a day drinker just know the bartender isn't scheduled until 10am but they are willing to make you a drink.  No more buzztime poker.. :( Very different menu. Creative.. strange.. lol. Not your norm. But it was ok. Food was good.. Service was friendly. Even though they got my husbands order wrong... They were more than willing to fix it. Just a good vibe..down to earth employees.. makes me want to go back.  :)
3 If your wanting a bloody mary before 10am go to Fuzzys. They refused to make us a drink before then.
5 What a fantastic find in Surprise!  We had lunch there today and what a pleasant surprise.  I am a bit of a foodie and hard to please but this place hit on every note.  I ordered a Ruben and asked to sub the corned beef with turkey and coleslaw for the sauerkraut.  No problem and it was wonderful.  My husband had the Philly Melt and sub chicken for the brisket and on sour dough bread.  He also loved it.  This place is a thousand times better that Archies, which is so over rated.  I can't wait to go back for breakfast as that is our favorite meal of the day!  It was a bit hard to find but once you do, you'll be a regular.  I love this place!!!
4 What a great visit! I've been driving by this plaza for quite a long time now and an impromptu date night led us to finally give West End Bar & Grill a try. Boy am i glad we did!   Nestled in a back corner of the lot behind Goodwill, it's definitely off the beaten track. You can't see it from the street, you have to pull in to the lot and head to the southeast corner of the back lot. And don't let the golf carts out front fool you--this place is BIG, FUN, and not just for the Geriatric crowd of Sun City West!  We enjoyed the wings for an appetizer. The wings were big and meaty with a nice crunchy coating.  I enjoyed the Veggie sandwich which was a portabello mushroom sandwich with mozzarella cheese and mixed greens on flat bread. It had a great pesto and balsamic dressing as well. It was EXCELLENT. My husband had the special which was a taco salad with a FREE margarita or beer. He had the marg. The taco salad was just the right size, fresh, and plenty meaty. We also had dessert--a lemon bar sundae. Everything was really very good.   Our server was friendly, interesting, and not intrusive at all. The other staff members were also friendly as well when they worked near our table, checking on us and removing plates as needed.    I am really looking forward to going back to West End. This place is a diamond in the rough here in Surprise and supporting small, local businesses whenever possible is what I'm all about!
5 These guys deserve five stars so let me be the first to review it that way.  : )  Ok, it's just a bar and grill, but look, we need more of these non-chain type places in the area.  The menu was actually fun and thoughtfully planned.  Lots of good options inclusive of some great dinner items and lots of fun bar food.  Service was nice, and not rushed.  Our server was helpful and explained some favorites on the menu and answered our questions.  I think this place is a good place to go for a non-chain dining experience.  Their location is hard to find off the road, but once you know where they are, you are rewarded with PLENTY of parking.    Worth a repeat visit!
1 Walked in with my wife and we were the youngest ones their amidst senior citizens and decided to leave.  So I have no idea what the food or service is like.
1 If your 70+ this is the spot for you! We were definitely the youngest couple here. Service here is very very slow. The bartender didn't know how to open a champagne bottle. Prices here are cheap which is great, but you get what you paid for. Wouldn't recommend.
2 After carding my boyfriend and I for mimosas, the server took our IDs and walked to the back and inspected them for like 5 minutes with two other workers...the girl returned and said it took so long because they don't usually have to card anyone so they don't really know how to...weird. Then it took about 15 minutes and 3 employees to open a bottle of champagne for the mimosas. Eggs Benedict was good for the price...only $7.00! The "chicken soup" was okay tasting, but it was made with beef, not chicken.
4 Just enjoyed dinner, drinks and dessert. All I can say is "It was terrific." Fresh, flavorful and nicely presented. Great service.
4 Hidden gem. Food was great and the price was right. Spread the word there's a new place to eat in Surprise.  Well worth it.
