4 They just opened up over Christmas. Carne Asada Burrito's just OK but the red, green sauce was awesome. Since this was our first time here we tried the puff pasties; pumpkin and apple. WOW! light fresh and tasty. It brought back childhood memories of the Hot Apple Pie at Mc Donald's, you know, when they used real apples. Give this place a try. Great group of workers....friendly and neighborly.
5 When I learned that PHX Burrito House was owned by the same folks that own El Sol Bakery and El Zocalo in Chandler I had to get over there to see if the breakfast burritos were as good. They are. We were frequent customers when we lived in the East Valley. Looking forward to trying the fish tacos at lunch.
5 First time here but not my first experience with a breakfast burrito. First of all, the place has been cleaned up and and looks clean and nice. Second, the staff is super friendly in a neighborhood shop kind of way. Third, the tortilla was super fresh and the eggs and potato burrito was delicious. It tasted like my mom made it at home. I'll definitely be going back and recommending others too.
5 Trying to find locally owner shops for lunch when you work odd days and hours isn't easy, with that being said, this place was an amazing find. The place is really clean and inviting. The staff was super friendly and service was good. I had the shrimp burrito and it was AMAZING. My coworkers had breakfast burritos in the middle of the afternoon and lived then. Needless to say, this place was great and is now in the rotation of regular places for lunch.
5 Fresh food! They have awesome veggie burritos! Cute decor! Staff is friendly and accommodating to vegetarians.
5 I've been driving by PHX Burrito House since it opened, and thought I'd finally stop in after a friend raved about it.  My friend was totally right.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, so I got to talk with one of the owners a bit.  I learned that they own El Sol and El Zocalo in Chandler.  I'd been to both of those places before and really liked them.    I got a carne asada burrito.  The meat was prepared properly and had a good flavor to it.  The owner gave me a sample of some of the chips and salsa, which were very good.  My favorite part about the burrito though was the tortilla.  It had a perfect texture and thickness to it.  The owner told me they make them all right there at the restaurant.    They had a good selection of breakfast burrito offerings too.  So....I came back the next morning.  I had the bacon breakfast burrito and I can honestly say it's the best I've ever had.  The flavor was tremendous, and again, I just can't get over how good their tortillas are.  Great place.  Extremely friendly owners.  Fantastic torillas. Check it out.
5 I'm not a vegetarian by any means, but I got the veggie breakfast burrito on Saturday, and it was amazing--especially for $4! Very filling and full of all kinds of vegetables--not just onions and the cheap stuff. I had a red-chile pork burrito here several weeks ago, and it also was perfect. I love this place and can't wait to go back! The staff all are very friendly, too.
5 Great local joint albeit a little easy to drive past since it is set back from the street edge.  I thoroughly enjoyed the fish tacos.
5 Best Burritos and homemade salsa ever!  The restaurant is new and clean.  A pleasure to eat there and chat with the owners.  Our favorite meal during our entire week long trip to Arizona.  There was no visible sign on the building, so it was a little tricky to find.  Look for the street sign and sandwich board.
5 Great breakfast burritos! I stopped in here one morning on a whim and ordered the house special breakfast burrito and it was delicious! Very fresh ingredients (potatoes, scrambled eggs, grilled onions and grilled jalapeños-with optional meat for extra $) all cooked very well. I stopped in the next day with my husband and now he's hooked. We've  since tried carne asada, ham, chorizo and veggies in the burrito, all were great.  The restaurant itself is cleaner and seems roomier than when it was Fry Bread House.  Give yourself 10-15 minutes for the order to be prepared; if you are taking to go and  want it faster, call ahead.
5 Great service great food!  This was a nice little find. I had the fish tacos and they were great.  This is a small "hole in the wall" place, but very clean and great service.  I'll be back.
5 They have a sign outside that says "Indian fry bread" but don't be confused you have the right place. A friend and I came in this afternoon and the owner took our order --super friendly and welcoming -- over all great customer service. The food was great (I ordered a crane asada quesadilla, guac included!!). The place is very clean. It's a great alternative to the gajsbg(bertos) across the street, I would definitely come in any time!
5 Already addicted (2nd time here within a week). Tonight I got the Carne asada quesadilla.....it is soooo good. Meat is marinated perfectly. It comes with quac and sour cream. My kid got a bean burrito....didn't like it bc he's a cry baby and only likes refried.... The owner saw my kid not eating and came over.... He asked if he wanted something else.... Then offered to make refried beans..... He went above and beyond!!! My kid was happy after that and enjoyed his burrito. Yummy beans. I love the decor, really simple with "Loteria" artwork on the walls... Love it! We will definitely be back.
4 I had a shrimp burrito.  You know what I liked about it? It was simple.   No special sauce.  No fancy take on a classic.  Just some good grilled shrimp with minimal seasoning, fresh lettuce, tomato, and avocado.  Good tortilla too! I dig the crazy concoctions and re-imaginings as much as the next gal, but when simple is done right you are reminded how good it is.
4 I've gone twice and had the green chili burrito -- I have dreams about this burrito. My boyfriend has tried the carnitas (which is not shredded) and chicken. He said the chicken was great but wished the carnitas was shredded. This is a going to become a go-to place for us!   Con: I wish the restaurant actually had morning hours so I could get the breakfast burrito for breakfast!
5 This is by far the best Mexican food I've ever had in Phoenix. The service was excellent very nice guy owner was there welcomed us personally, helped us order. The food was 10 out of 10 burrito was perfect perfect combination of meat and beans and rice. After eating felt great.
5 This place is great! I can't get over how delicious the tortillas are. Most people think of a burrito and think of all the things that go in it but the secret to a great burrito is the flour tortillas. This place nailed it. Next time you order a burrito stop and smell the great smell of there hand made flour tortillas!
4 Exceptional food. Great flavor, good prices and the cuisine is ' simply' good.  Can't wait to try the grilled fish tacos next time.
5 This was amazing. Oddly, it was far down the list on my mobile app, but I'll be forever grateful that I ran mutt search through the full site. There a few food items I've come across in my travels that I'll chase for my life: California figs, Belgian fries and now, Phoenix burritos. Ate the house special breakfast burrito,  awesome filings but the star of the meal was undoubtedly the actual tortilla.  Wow.  Excellent value and well worth the research!
4 YUM YUM YUM. I picked up a couple of breakfast burritos here last week and was very impressed. The man at the counter was very nice and the place is quaint. The decor is new age Mexican and very cozy. The food is DELICIOUS and the prices are right.   Overall, I'm happy I finally made it to PHX Burrito House. I'll most definitely be back!
5 My friend had the green Chile burito he said it was really good. I was going to have the same but the green chicken parole got me. It was excellent.  Also the chips are homemade and the salsa tasty.
5 HOLY MOLY this place is amazing. Loved the fresh salsa and chips. The tortillas were fresh, and the carnitas. OOOOOOO the carnitas!! It's heaven by the mouthful. We tried the carnitas burrito and the fish tacos. Both brilliantly delicious.   We will be coming back time and time again.
5 When I read that these owners also own El Zocalo in Chandler, I was super excited to try what they had to offer.   I love that they serve breakfast burritos all day.  We are always looking for a good breakfast burrito, and we found it here.  It has huge chunks of potato, egg, and either bacon, sausage or chorizo.  The salsa they serve here is absolutely transcendent.  I could eat that stuff like soup!  It's spiciness hits you after a few bites and slaps you in the face!  My hubby and I were both sniffing through the whole meal due to the salsa clearing out or sinuses, but neither of us could stop eating it.  The tortillas are just as good as Carolina's, but a little bit thicker, which seems to keep the burritos from tearing as easily.  Next time, I'm ordering the shrimp burrito because it looks like a winner as well!
5 I eat here at least once a week! Carne Asada tacos my go to every time! Today I had the chicken tacos again another great meal! The red amd green salas are the BEST! I dont jnow what they use to marinade their meat and chicken but its got great flavor! David and Daniel are always very attentive and take the time to get to know customers!
5 Love their fresh tortillas and Mexican food! The restaurant has a cozy, modern interior, and the prices are great. Love the chicken burrito with salsa.
5 If you are looking for a delicious burrito, go no further! My husband and I are huge fans and eat here weekly.  The carne asada burrito is my go to choice. The ingredients are fresh and the tortillas are made in house. I highly recomend the salsa/chips and horchata, if you are looking for a little something extra. We always get friendly service and the building is well kept and cutely decorated.
4 Great Food, fresh and tasty!! Not just another Burrito! Family owned and run I really enjoy the experience of Burrito House. My wife and I love it!
5 Love this place! So far everything I've tried here is amazing. I've tried the shredded beef, chorizo, and shrimp burritos. Such great flavor with every one. Chips and salsa are very tasty as well. One great thing about this place is that everything is so fresh. They have some of the best tortillas! (I tend to be picky when it comes to the them. I hate when burritos taste like they use a Taco Bell tortilla.) The shredded beef is so incredibly flavorful. I notice that at other places it tends to be dry but it's so juicy at PHX Burrito House. I can't wait to try every burrito on the menu.
5 Hands down the best burrito in AZ. I have been search for years and I finally found the place.
5 Simply delicious. But what would expect with fresh ingredients. I loved the "Special Import" Pepsi from Mexico. Its been to long since I've had Pepsi from a glass bottle. I will definitely be coming back here and letting everyone know about it.
