5 Tried late on a Saturday night and already going to visit again. Lovely super fresh food, great range of choices on the menu and lovely relaxed and friendly service. Small place set out with benches like a mini Wagamama's but the food was so fresh I'd recommend trying. Main noodle or rice boxes are about £8-£10 but a lot of eating in them and don't leave without trying the sweet potato crispies!
5 Second visit and fab fresh food again. Had nam tok nua (thai spicy beef salad) with thai parsley removed and sai Krok E-San and mr m had nua yam talay with rice on the side and the obligatory sweet potato crispies. Everything is made fresh so extra chilli can be added for the brave and for my fellow coriander and parsley haters that can be left out. For two mains and sides and juice for two its around £24. Excellent value for money.
1 Heard some good reviews of this place, so ventured along for some thai treats one evening. The decor is really quite nice and we were quickly shown to a seat and presented with a glass of water each.   Lots of interesting looking choices on the menu and the restaurant had a really nice buzz, as fellow diners got on with their evenings. We had our choices sorted and the waiter came over ... different person than who seated us.   Ordered some tofu and were told that they had ran out. Which I found a little odd for an asian restaurant, so thats the menu options cut in half for my veggie dinner mate then.   Informing the waiter that she is vegetarian she was cut off very abrobtly half way through and told "you can have vegetables!". Okay its your menu any suggestions mate? nope nothing he just stared at us and repeated the "vegetable ones"... this was all getting a bit weird.   At this point we asked well what is vegetarian and we were told pretty much nothing as it all has fish sauce. Another bout of akward silence and staring. Normally in this senario people suggest well we could subsitute fish/oyster sauce for soya sauce or similiar. Maybe even speak with the chef and see if they could at least put out one dish thats vegetarian. Sigh nope we just moved on to a new restaurant as we clearly werent welcome. ended up with a  great meal down the road.   I will come back and re-review this place at some point with some omnivovore friends as I love Thai food and grew up in asia, but come on its Edinburgh 2014 surely you could cater for vegetarians in some way... phad thai phak maybe or even just be a bit less hostile. Thumbs down on service from me!
1 I've been coming to the restaurant regularly for the past week. The food is delicious, definitely recommend Kao Mun Kai Tod. The food deserves a better review but it is the horrible customer service that made me give this restaurant a one star.  I came in for lunch and it was very busy, so I decided to wave at the waiter and said "excuse me". The man with attitude came up to me mocking my waving gesture and said "I can see you and you don't have to do that". This is the first time in my life I've ever seen a waiter getting offended because a customer tried getting their attention by waving and saying excuse me. As a customer I must say I was truly offended, Mr. Attitude came to pick up the menus after we have ordered our food. As a concerned customer I reminded him that his job was a waiter and that's not the attitude he should have.   After speaking to a lady who appears to be the manager, she told me something along the line that "waving to a waiter is unacceptable in Britain and this is not how it works around here". I then apologized to her for losing my temper at their employee and came to a conclusion that customer service is non existence in this particular restaurant. It's a shame. Really.
5 Best green curry in town so far. Service is not too fast and a bit cocky, but I don't mind. Lunch prices are very reasonable for the quality of food they serve. Great place!
4 Came here the other night for cheap, fast food - wasn't disappointed. A friend and I had a couple of small plates to start things off with some really excellent fish and salad on the go, and then both had Massman Ped for our 'mains'. This was an excellent curry, and pretty cheap for the amount we got. I think the restaurant would benefit from a better beer list (the Singha on offer wasn't the best, some craft beers wouldn't hurt), but overall this was a great wee place with a friendly buzz about it.
3 Food is good. The som tum is quite authentic, even without sticky rice. However, the service is quite slow and very hipster.
5 Ting Thai recently won the List Magazine best newcomer award and it is very well deserved!  We have been 4 times since the restaurant opened and every time has been fabulous. note they dont have a website but do have a facebook page.  Ting Thai is a street food restaurant that has its roots as a pop-up, which appeared at various addresses, including nearby Forrest Road, during Edinburgh's Festival Fringe in recent years. The soot-colored exterior is dark, the signage is understated. It's very cool and low-key inside, with communal wooden tables, a wall of gig posters and last night had some brilliant 90s tunes on the stereo. The menu divided into categories including Rice & Noodle, Soup Bowl, Other Box, Sides, Beer/Wine Snacks and Small Box.  Everything arrived all at the same time, each in a cardboard take-away box. Nestled on a salad of lettuce, chilli and shallots, the bubble prawns are my favourite. You get 3 in the box and they are really well priced at £3.60. Sweet potato crispies were just perfect as were our chilli squid and crispy pork.   Onto mains and my Steak and prawn was really tender and tasty. A little on the spicy side and just how I like it! I had it with a coconut rice and the boy had the moo yang. Though the pair of pork cutlets were huge with a caramelised coating of sesame, honey and palm sugar. Singha beer topped off our meal and it was very reasonable at £20 per person. Definitely my favourite place at the moment!
4 At 9pm on a Friday there was a queue going out the door for Ting Thai Caravan. Being fairly new to the block, we speculated whether this might always be the case or whether it's because everyone wants a try of this hot little urban wonder.  The line moved slowly, it took about 20 minutes to get a table for six. However, they had a menu in the doorway so we'd all decided what to gorge our faces with long before we sat down. This meant that we could order straight away. The smells wafting out of the restaurant while we were waiting reassured us that there were no wrong choices!   We ordered the Thai beef jerky (warm, succulent and deeelish), sweet potato crispies (tempura style sweet potato) and the squid (chewy, dry and tasted a bit like anchovy) to start with. The two former dishes were lovely but the way the squid was prepared was definitely an acquired taste... only one person at our table could stomach it. Then the main dishes came out and they were LOVELY. The servings were huge but not a scrap was left on any of the plates. The noodle dishes came in mammoth sized cardboard boxes while everything else was served in big bowls. The food did take quite some time to arrive, but they were exceptionally busy and they made sure all our food came out at more or less the same time.  With two Singha beers, a main and a share in the three side dishes, it came to just over £15 a head. Ting Thai Caravan might not have the best Thai food in all of Edinburgh, but the portions, prices, choice and atmosphere really make it worth a try.
5 Ting Thai Caravan is somewhere i'd heard good things about for a while but failed to visit for some reason. I remedied that last weekend and how glad I am that I did. It's a bold statement, I know but Ting Thai is, in my opinion, the best Thai food you'll find in Edinburgh.  The interior is smallish with a stripped-back 'warehouse chic' style to it. Diners eat in a communal sort of setting at long bench tables, with enough space to remain private yet create a nice atmosphere.  The menu is extensive and separated into sections; curries, rice/noodles, small dishes, snacks etc. It contains a lot of authentic Thai dishes that you won't find on the ubiquitous menu at a run-of-the-mill Thai restaurant. I had the fish steamed in a banana leaf and crispy tofu. The flavours were spectacular and without doubt the best Thai cuisine i've tried outside of Thailand. In fact, it was better than some of the food I had in Thailand!  Staff are friendly and service is very efficient and speedy. It's not somewhere you'd kick back and spend a few hours relaxing with drinks but that's not what it sets out to do. What it does is offer extremely good Thai dishes in a 'street food' style. Street food is something of a foodie trend at the moment but Thing Thai is much more than a gimmick. And for the prices they charge, it's astonishingly good value.
4 Ting Thai Caravan looks and smells equally as good when you first walk through the doors. It's very cool in its design and, no surprise, was super busy around lunchtime!   Luckily we managed to get a table by the window which, despite the overbearing heat for those sitting by the glass and at the mercy of the sun (no fault of Ting Thai Caravan's) was nice and comfy!  The choice of food was impressive - most of which I'd never heard of before, so you're not going to be bored by the traditional pad Thai or Thai green curries here (though they were on the menu hidden amongst more interesting options). I had a duck dish with honey glazed vegetables and it was delicious! Very unusual in its taste but I liked that it wasn't generic Thai food. It could have done with some spice but, to be fair, our server did add spice to the meals of others so I'm sure if I had asked for this, it would have been possible.  The service was incredibly friendly- our waitress was very sweet- but it was a little slow and there was a missed order as well. Bear it mind it was lunchtime and one of the busiest parts of the day, though.   The rest of the food I saw looked lovely, all nicely presented in simple bowls or boxes depending on your meal.  All in all, I really enjoyed this place! Great prices too, for the portion sizes and the amount of meat you were given in your dishes! I'd go back and try a spicer dish any time!
4 After a long journey from Birmingham to Edinburgh on Monday, a healthy and fulfilling lunch was in order. After checking into our hotel, our Edinburgh expert suggested that we head to Ting Thai Caravan for lunch. Now, I am a bit of a fan of Thai (but there isn't a huge amount of options for the cuisine in Birmingham), so I was excited at the prospect of having something a bit exotic to fill the belly and get me ready for a week of learning.  This place is relatively new in the Burgh, and as such, can get very busy. We were pretty lucky! Being a group of 6 (which then turned into 8), we were warned there might be a bit of a wait but ended up being seated within about 5 minutes.  The place has a lovely aesthetic. With hard wood and not too much going on decor wise, the main focus is definitely the food. I was pretty hungry, so was warned that if I ordered the soup I might want to opt for a small boxed meal to go with it. This was a great call as I got to try the spicy soup (I cannot remember for the life of me what it was called, but it had quite a few large king prawns in it) and the salad with peanuts and (surprise) more prawns.   The salad was fantastic! Colourful, fresh and tasty. Just the right amount of spice to leave a tingle on the tongue, but not overpower the other flavours. The soup was the star of the show on this visit. Great broth, big prawns and lots of other ingredients (the portion size was just right).   I opted to just have water with my meal, but they did a lovely coconut water with fresh pieces of coconut floating in it too. My two courses came in at around £11, which makes this a great place to grab a quick, healthy and tasty lunch if you're about in Edinburgh. I would definitely recommend this venue.
4 Super tasty food, pretty affordable prices, dare I say it "healthy' as well - I really enjoyed Ting Thai and was delighted that I got the opportunity to check it out while visiting Edinburgh this week!  I love these sots of places where world food comes together with a modern interior, funky staff and a bizarre soundtrack that really hit the spot! 80's synth classics rubbing shoulders with the best of classic soul really worked and for me it was a great way to liven up my usual fairly average Monday lunch times.    I'd love to say what I had off the menu but I don't know what it was called. In fact the waitress actually brought me the wrong food (a couple of friends who'd eaten 10 mins before recommended their dishes and said what I got wasn't what I asked for off the menu) but it looked pretty good so I stuck with it! Basically a seafood stew with just the right level of spice, sticky rice and very very nice squid - YES!  Next time I'm in Edinburgh - I'll be making sure I check out Ting Thai again.
