5 My favorite is the cookie dough...really. I'm a desert first eater. But I have had the Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE, the chicken Bacon Artichoke deLITE, the veggie and a few custom pizza's there. Its the best and the freshest pizza I have had in a long time. What I love about it is you pick it up and cook it when you are ready so it is always fresh when it hits the table. I love the thin crust since Im cutting down on carbs. The service is excellent, the place very clean and its owned and run but a husband and wife team. I'd much prefer supporting a small local business than a large corporate chain any day. I give them a high 5!
5 Where to start... The food is exceptional! This place has literally transformed my understanding of what good pizza is and how it should taste. To all the lazy naysayers, get off your butt and heat up your oven. After a mouthful of the freshest pizza ever, you will never call for delivery again. The people who work there are so nice, friendly and willing to make your pizza HOWEVER you want it. The owner is so nice and energetic, chatting with customers while working the line with everyone else. I am so happy this place has found it's way into my neighborhood, you have converted my blase friday night pizza habit into something I look forward to all week. If I could give you more than 5 stars I would! Keep up the awesome work!
5 Seriously the friendliest staff of any pizza joint I've ever been in! Papa Murphy's is an interesting concept. They make everything fresh for you, then you take it home and bake it. You can call up, order in advance and have it ready to pick up on the way home. Then you bake it when your family gets home (about 15-18 minutes in the oven) and voila! Hot pizza.  This is a handy place to have in the neighborhood when you have events going on. Like during the holidays. Just order a couple pizzas and stick them in your fridge until you're ready to eat. You'll be pleasantly surprised by the freshness.   They do have desserts as well. Choose from chocolate chip cookie dough, a smores-type pizza or (what I had) the cinnamon-swirl pie. It's almost like a cinnamon bun, frosting and all, shaped like a pizza. These desserts are also freshly made and ready for you to bake at home.  Oh they do have a punch card available too. I think it's buy five pizzas and get one free. Make sure you ask for it if they don't automatically give it to you.
5 If you have ever had Papa Murphy's then you know what to expect. I really enjoy their pizza and it keeps well for leftovers. The staff was unbelievably friendly and it was very quick. Will definitely use in the future.
