5 This property is gorgeous! I have never seen a student apartment complex like this.  It his a high rise building with a industrial modern twist to it.  This property looks like something you would see in New York or LA.  Everything is great about this property especially their pool area.  I love how I can jump on the light rail to get to my classes downtown and just walk to mill ave and the football games.  In the beginning of my lease I had some issues with management, but I think it was because they changed management and were working through some things.... kinda of annoying.  Now that it has been a couple of months, I've seen a huge improvement with the staff.  I would definitely recommend living here.
1 When you first move into this place, there is hope that the place will deliver what it promises. Especially, when you are paying a premium. But it is all smoke and mirrors. From the beginning there are nothing but problems and attitude.  I kept an open mind because I knew it was a newly developed place, but after you read all that has happened (and it hasn't even been a year) you will see why this place is a hazard zone. You don't want to be stuck here!  The building was first owned by Core Campus Communities Tempe (called the place The Hub) and then quickly sold the place to Inland American Communities (University House). When I met up with the new management, they told me that the old team neglected to tell them a lot before they signed over. This was red flag number one.  One thing the place promised is a working Internet. When I moved in, my Internet did not work. This took 3 months to fix. When I told them of the problem, they were frustrated because the old management wasn't supposed to put routers in the unit and now new management has to deal with it because it was done. SERIOUSLY? Instead of helping me, you state how you shouldn't be responsible. No one took this serious. I tried to take it in my hands and work with COX but I don't have access to the account and UH does not want to give you any access. CAN YOU IMAGINE BEING WITHOUT INTERNET? Also, they don't offer concession when they put you in a bind. I had to repeatedly battle in getting a concession.  Another problem, the appliances. The stove makes popping noises. The microwave caught on fire. Every use , it would overheat and the plastic would burn and emit hazardous and smelly odor. When reported, It took a month to replace. CAN YOU IMAGINE NOT BEING ABLE TO USE A MICROWAVE? Again, had to adamantly ask for a concession for the inconvenience.   Another, the hot water and the ac. There was no hot water and the ac didn't work. It took about a month to fix. NO HOT WATER OR AC!  Also security is nice and all, but it feels like a prison living here. They bring in dogs, check to see if you are a resident so you can be let in the building, and one time forced you to sign in and out of the building.   Finally, the BIG ONE, the buildings HVAC water line broke and flooded the building from the 8th floor down. CAN YOU IMAGINE having your property in jeopardy like that? This made the elevators inoperable. There are 19 floors and using the stairs is a drag. Due to this, the power and water was shut off. NO POWER OR WATER! They forced you into a nearby hotel where you couldn't have access to your room. An insurance adjuster came into your unit when you weren't there and threw away everything you had in the fridge. Instead repaying you instantly or offering concession to make up for the MAJOR INCONVENIENCE, they are forcing you to work with the insurance process. As of yet. no contact information has been provided for the insurance company.   This makes me think, what other structural integrity issues this place has? I do not feel safe living in this place. It seems like shoddy work was done and the management are just scammers trying to extract as much money as possible.   In addition to the above, there are numerous other issues, The furniture is hard and uncomfortable. The hallways smell of trash because they don't enforce proper trash disposal. The elevators work some of the time and if it does then there is a good chance that beer cans and trash are all over it.  You will never be able to work with COX because you don't have access and aren't willing to help. So if you have cable or Internet problems, you are SOL.   Also, the little windows that you have will now have restrictors.   Management is horrible. This building is horrible.   I already know of 15 people who have contacted attorneys to represent them against this place. There are probably more.   THIS IS A WARNING. Don't regret living in this place when it is too late and serious bodily injury occurs.
1 DON'T LIVE HERE - FIND SOMEPLACE ELSE  This place is a disgrace and the management team is the worst I have every experienced. Whatever you do don't sign with this housing complex. I will start with the worst and work my way back.  First of all, I have sent three emails regarding the state my son's apartment is in due to the flooding (more on that later). Not one of those emails has been responded to. Management can't be that great Joseph M when they won't even engage in a dialogue.  My son was displaced for almost three weeks right before finals because of the water leak others have noted. They were moved back in and the apartment was a disaster. I have pictures to prove it. Nothing was covered when they made the repairs so bedding, clothes, books, furniture are all covered in plaster dust. Not to mention they didn't even vaccum. When I called and complained to Jennifer, the asst mgr, she said she would send up a cleaning crew. What happened next was a joke. they didn't even come with a vacuum and the pLaster is still on the carpet as of this day. The holes in the wall aren't painted. Stuff is falling apart.   The insurance company was supposed to pay for all their food and we can't even get them to return our calls. $180 of food bills as all the food in the refrigerator spoiled and he had to eat out for almost three weeks. Oh and that's not to mention that the clean up crews for the water used $87 worth of electricity running the fans day and night to absorb the water. No reimbursement for that either.  The topping on the cake was the email we got last Friday saying that even though we paid for a years worth of parking in the under the building secured parking that because of campus builing we had to move the car with two days notice when we are on vacation. It's not just a one or two day thing either. It is for seven weeks. Are we being reiumbursed for those 7 weeks. It appears not as they won't respond to my emails.  Even without all of these issues if you live in this complex on football game days don't plan on driving to your apartment during the game. All of the streets are blocked off and the police won't let you through even if you live there.  If I could give this zero stars I would.
1 Do not live here please! This place has been nothing but problems. Myself and everyone I know who lives here hates it. The management gets nothing done and is always very unhelpful. This place is to expensive for how terrible they treat there residents. If you don't believe me just go there and ask the residents how they feel about the place. I'm not sure why anyone would give this place more than one star. To be honest they probably work there. This place does not care about its residents, they just want your money.
