5 Absolutely the BEST walk-in clinic in the Valley.  The atmosphere is relaxed and easy, and the the care is spot on.  I waited 2 hours at UMC Quick Care and had to leave before I ever saw a doctor.  Went to Urgent Care Extra and was in and out in 20 minutes.  If you live in Spring Valley, this is where you need to go for walk-in medical needs.
5 5 stars for a walk in clinic? Yes, I know I thought that it was crazy too but let me explain.  I came here on Saturday 2/22/14, with flu like symptoms. Since we just got done eating at Jackson's Bar and Grill off of Jones and Flamingo, this place was the closest one to us (Off of Durango and Flamingo) that was still open.  As soon as you come in, you have to do a double take because the first thing you see are modern furniture and nice paintings on the walls. At this point I thought I must of been really sick or because I thought I was hallucinating. You would think you walked into an Ikea that doubles as an art museum. The décor looks nothing like a walk-in medical clinic. There is even a nice sized flat screen tv down on one end.   So my wifey signs me in and she fills out paperwork for me. Shout out to my wifey for taking care of me this whole time! As we sit on the really comfortable love seats with what I assume was simulated leather, (Because why would a walk-in clinic have really nice leather furniture?) I cant help but look around and actually keep thinking to myself how this waiting room looks more like the lobby to what you might find in a nice hotel.  After about 10 minutes they call us in. At this point, my wife had to wake me up because the love seat were sitting in was that comfortable. I would not have minded waiting even longer because who wouldn't want to get a nap in before getting seen by the doctor? That sounds crazy saying I wouldn't mind waiting longer when the average normal person just wants to get in and out as soon as possible.   So the doctor's assistant does all the basic stuff like checking my vitals, etc. Then the doctor comes in, does his thing, and then im sent back out to the lobby to wait for my paperwork of prescriptions to finish. I would say from the time we walked in to the time we were dismissed took about 45 minutes. That would be the equivalent of the Jimmy John's motto that they are so fast that it will make you freak!  In conclusion, I am doing this review a couple days later feeling much better and remembering just how nice the receptionist (and cute too!) was including the doctor's assistant. The doctor himself deserves a lot of kudos as well for he went over everything I needed to know and I thought he genuinely cared for my well being. I guess I was so sick that I didn't get anybody's names but if I ever go back there again for any reason, I will update this review accordingly. I also wanted to add that the bathrooms there were very nice and very clean. I know this place is still new but im hoping that the service stays superior and that the 5 stars I gave them wont drop down any further than a 4 because any walk-in medical clinic with great service is hard to find.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #55
1 Used to think highly of this place until they accidentally overcharged my debit card by $20. Being in pain at that time I trusted that they were charging my debit card the right amount for my copay and just signed my receipt without looking at it. My mistake! Coz today I called them up and I was told that they could not give me any refund but rather I should call my insurance and let them settle it with me. For $20??? She even admitted that I have to call my insurance for the mistake THEY made. Hardly seems fair but just be diligent when it comes to this guys billing you. Otherwise, their service was good.
5 There was no wait. Friendly staff. Came in for a steroid shot for a bad case of allergy rashes. Highly recommended.
5 No wait at all. They accepted my insurance. The staff was friendly.  I was back in the office within 5 minutes.  I met with Angie who I believe is the PA. She was able to help me right away. It was such a pleasant experience to get medical help and to be treated with care and concern. When treated this way I believe it helps you to heal and feel better.
