1 My husband and I went to Pinches Tacos inside the Downtown Container Park because it smelled good. As we waited in line we noticed the cooks behind the counter were NOT wearing gloves. My husband (a chef) was very skeptical about this and wondered what other health codes they were breaking. We found out a minute later as one of the cooks scratched his ass and then pounded out a tortilla with his bare hand. Adios Pinches!
5 I was there with my passport in hand to try all the goodies last week. EVERYTHING WAS CLEAN,  No rear scratching lol their satan salsa was insane! I going myself tipsy, one bite of that taco and I was back to normal hahaha   Must try the pork tacos, they are super yummy!!!   The staff was very friendly, out of all the places we sampled, this was the tastiest!!!   I drove an hour to have some pinches tacos in Cali, I love the container park, it's a cool place to relax and I'm hooked those pinches tacos!!!!!!   When will we have pinches tacos in OC , Costa Mesa would be best!  :oP
2 It's an ok place ! I wouldn't eat here again .once in a life time kind of place . The portions for the pinche combo was small little rice little beans . And when the woman delivered the she took the plasticware from her apron . Hope she wash her hands after she used the restroom .And her apron looks like it hasn't been washed since they open the restaurant . Definitely not a place to eat if you have weak immune system . Definitely  You'll have a stomach hurt . So for a 8.95 combo plate not a good deal thumbs down .
4 Love the fresh tortillas and Mexican corn.
5 Purpose if visit. Late lunch after going out Friday night. Ordered the Los diablos al pastor burrito. Marinated pork with jalapeño peppers, rice, sour cream and guacamole. Burrito was perfect for a hangover. Spicy enough for a nice kick. The homemade chips and salsa was excellent. The homemade hot sauce was also a great addition. Peppery but had a long lasting kick. Ordered a nice horchata drink. Tasted like rice pudding with cinnamon. Very sweet. Perfect inexpensive lunch downtown.
