5 Excellent new Indian Restaurant!  Great vegetarian food and delicious lamb. This restaurant is a welcome addition to Monona. They also have lunch buffets every day. We will definitely be back soon!
5 This place is great!  There are no Indian restaurants in the Monona area and I am so glad they put this one here, the lunch buffet was delicious and the staff are attentive and genuinely want you to be enjoying the food.  Delicious!
5 Swad is a wonderful treat!  My husband and I went there opening night and was amazed by the menu.  Not only is the dining experience affordable, but the food was fantastic!  I had the Rogan Josh and the homemade mango ice cream, YUM!  I promise you will not be dissapointed!
5 We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambur, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
5 We were both quite pleased with this new restaurant in our neighborhood. I ordered the Fish Moly, a catfish cooked in a coconut based cream sauce. It was mild, and very tasty. My parter ordered the Chicken Tikka Uthappam, a flat gluten free pizza styled dish that came with both coconut and tomato chutnies and a delicious  Sambar, all for dipping. Excellent meals. The Nan was tender, the service and atmosphere great. We are happy to have a new favorite  restaurant.
5 So excited that this neighborhood has a fantastic Indian restaurant!  The food is great and the staff are so welcoming, even to kids.  Swad means tasty and it is!  I highly recommend the lunch buffet!
4 Not normally a fan of buffets, but they kept the food fresh and hot. The coconut soup was delicious as was the Tandoori Chicken and homemade mango ice cream. Several fo the dishes were milder than expected, but perhaps that in itself is to be expected. Service was timely and attentive.
5 Simply the best Indian food I've had since living in Madison.  As good as Milwaukee Indian restaurants easily.  We had the buffet on a Saturday, the place was packed but we got a table right away.  The staff is super friendly and really, really attentive.  Had a little of everything - Chicken Tikka Masala was dynamite, as was the Shahi Paneer, Chana Masala and the Ghobi Manchurian.  Let's just put it this way, the only thing I could recommend as an improvement over what I had was hotter onion chutney.  It's really good, just not as hot as I'm used to.  Here's what else I tried, all amazing: mint chutney, fresh hot naan brought to your table (included), and they'll bring you more, veggie biryani, goat curry, chai tea and kheer for dessert.  Plus the bonus, the place is really surprisingly lovely and charming given the strip mall it's located in, YAY for Monona!
5 Wonderful! The tastes are very fresh and flavorful. I especially loved my appetizer, Aloo Tikki Chat and the curry chicken. Can't wait to go back and eat more!
5 Amazing dinner, reasonable prices, and so many vegetarian options! I'm going back to try the lunch buffet soon.
5 Seriously the best Indian I've had. It's cheap ($10), a buffet, and the service is phenomenal. Went there today after noticing it and fell in love. It's right near by and I was legitimately upset I didn't have more room in my stomach. Absolutely going again very soon!
5 Had to check it out again a few weeks after my first experience.  Zowie, just as solid across the board.  This time my 12 year old came along, she loved it.  Again, don't expect spice in the buffet, it's tame.  But, order off the menu for dinner or take out and they can heat it up. What I'm really enjoying is the staff and the owner's attentiveness. They're not perfect, but when the waiter forgot my chai he was very apologetic, brought it right out, and didn't charge me.
4 Loved the dahl. More vegetarian entries would be nice. Everything quite tasty. Nice setting.
3 We went here for the lunch time buffet.  The buffet tables are set up in the back of the dining area in such a way that the line queues up pretty quickly yet moves very slowly.  Some of the dishes are harder to reach in the back left corner.  The food itself is ok, the one stand out dish was the Manchurian cauliflower.  The staff demeanor is about the same as any of the other Indian restaurants around Madison, not particularly friendly, but not downright rude either.  I like the decor, dark red, black, and gold colors, and lots of wine bottles up behind the register.  The day we were there they were having technical difficulties with their debit machine and were asking everyone to pay by check or cash.    I think they have potential, they just have a few things to work out.
4 Yay for Indian food in Monona! Lunch buffet highlights - the catfish and the sesame chicken. Hubby and brother joined me and I think each made three trips through the line.  A variety of dishes, table served naan bread and mango ice cream... Of course buffet is the way to go. The space is new and clean, service quick and attentive, buffet diverse and fresh. We will return.
5 THE. BEST. INDIAN. FOOD. EVER! PERIOD.  Great food, wonderful family atmosphere. Good was hot and delicious. The extensive menu had all the standards of a great Indian restaurant, as well as a number of innovative items, and South Asian classics that I haven't had since I lived in India.   The vegetarian dinner for two was enough food for three people, with a take out container to spare.  We will be back innumerable times in the coming months. We plan in being regulars anytime we are in the Madison area.   The family owners are incredibly sweet, and the service was impeccable. It felt as if you were being treated to dinner in someone's home rather than at a restaurant.
5 My favorite Indian restaurant in Madison! Delicious!
3 I went here recently with my husband and a friend because I had a hankering for Indian food.   Atmosphere - Pretty nice. Nicer than many Indian restaurants I've been in. While unassuming on the outside, it is actually quite nice on the inside. Bonus - The warm towels they give you after your meal smell AMAZING.  Wait staff - Courteous and friendly. I feel like it took them a little while to take our food order after we ordered drinks.   Food - The food here is quite good. I docked a little for two reasons. 1. My husband ordered his food medium spicy but said it had little to no heat 2. My friend and husband both agreed it was pretty good but not the best Indian they've had in town. My chicken tikka dosa was excellent, so if you like dosas, I recommend it.   Overall impression - I like this place and will likely be returning. It's nice to have an authentic Indian restaurant in Monona!
3 Went awhile ago, forgot to review! Drinks:  Mango Lassi & Salted Lassi.  Both yummy. Appetizer:  Non -Vegetarian Platter: Combination  of  fish, chicken and shrimp pakoras &  lamb seekh.  Yum!  And I don't generally like lamb! Entrees: Garlic Nan, and Cheese Nan, Chicken Curry, and Fish Curry.  The Nan's were killer.  The curries we ordered medium hot, and they came out mild, so we sent them back.  We got "medium +" back, and it was good spice level.  My Chicken Curry - the meat was kinda gross.  Big hunks.  Kinda freaked me out.  Ate the sauce with the Nan, and it was good. Not a cheap place, but good food.
5 The service was lavish and deferential.  The entrees were wonderful, but the buffet kinda blew my socks off. Everything was new to me, but fresh and delicious.
3 Lunch buffet is the way to go. Lots of options, and only $10 each.  The lamb was the best thing on the buffet. The chutneys are all quite good.  The ice cream with exotic spices is excellent. The mango ice cream is yummy too.
4 Lunch buffet was a nice sampling of Indian flavors.  Staff were friendly and kind.  Not a great name for a restaurant, but the food was tastier than other local Indian options we've tried.  Nan was freshly made, and hot off the grill.
4 My husband and I have visited Swad twice since moving near by--and it's very very good. We both love Indian food, and so far Swad has not disappointed.   We began with an order of vegetable Samosas. They were very fresh, hot, and were very tasty. They had a good spice, but were not spicy. The first time we had them the tamarind sauce was good--it had a little body to it. More recently, it was a little watery.  We also ordered chicken tikka masala, mixed vegetable curry, and plain naan. Their tikka masala is a stand-by for us, and theirs is very good--huge hunks of white meat chicken, creamy sauce. The first time we ordered it we asked for it the be between mild and medium. More recently, we asked for it to be prepared in the same way, but it was a good bit more spicy. We asked for the  mixed vegetable curry to be medium. Both dishes ended up having the same amount of heat--which was a bit too much for me. Next time, I'll ask for mild. At the same time, they are both good dishes. There are tons of vegetables in the curry. Just thank god for the water!  This place is becoming  our to-go place when we want Indian.
5 THE. BEST. INDIAN. IN. TOWN.   We know the owner from going to the Maharaja on the West side. I'm so happy he opened a restaurant near where we live now. It's so good. There are a ton of choices for everyone and the samosas are quite tasty. The staff are friendly and courteous. The lunch buffet price is outstanding and the items featured in the buffet are quite delicious.
3 I ate here last week with my adult son- we both love Indian cuisine. While it was perfectly fine, I do not agree that it's the best Indian food in town. The samosa chat was delicious, but both our meals and the naan were exceptionally greasy. As in leave a pool of grease in the bottom of the basket greasy. Service was less attentive than hoped, although water was refilled regularly. At this price point, I didn't expect to have to box up my own food- maybe that's why they give you the great-smelling towels??
5 This is the best Indian food I've ever had.  My husband and I crave their chicken tikka masala.  We never seem to pass up the fish pakora either.  Delicious food and friendly customer service make Swad a very welcome addition to Monona!
5 Probably the best Indian food I've ever had, with service to match. Highly vegan-friendly too, which makes my wife ecstatic.   This restaurant may not look like much, situated as it is in the middle of a small strip mall, but the interior is very nicely decorated. I felt a little underdressed walking in mid road-trip wearing a t-shirt and shorts, but that was similar attire to the other patrons.  My wife and I started our meal with complimentary papadam, which we were already prepared to order. They arrived promptly with several types of chutney, all vegan-friendly no less. Crisp, delicious and left us wanting more...but not because we hadn't had enough. They were just done perfectly.   The rest of our meal consisted of steaming-hot Gobhi Manchurian, Bainghan Bhartha, rice, Chapati for my wife and Garlic Nan for me. It all arrived at once, just as quickly as the Papadam. The battered/fried cauliflower was chewy but crisp, perfectly spiced (we went for hot on both dishes) and paired nicely with my Garlic Nan (also excellent). It was the standout dish of the meal for me. The eggplant was excellent as well, with good roasted flavor.   Throughout the meal all the staff was very attentive. Our waiter specifically asked if we were happy with the spice level of our meal. Our water glasses were rarely more than half empty. At the end of the meal one of the staff even brought over steaming-hot lemon water-sprayed towels to clean up with.   By the end of the meal we were both nicely full, for a very reasonable price. Just an all around excellent experience. I only wish it had been closer to home.
3 I ate at Swad the other night and was a little underwhelmed.  I tried their Chicken Tikka, and it was fine. I think it was around $13-14 for a pretty small portion. A friend ordered the Goat Curry, and for about the same price had even worse luck. His meal was chock full of goat bones and very little meat, making it a terrible value.  I've had better Indian food in Madison, and at a much more affordable price point. I'm really confused why dinner at Swad costs so much. The portions aren't even that big! It's a nice, intimate space and the staff members were all very nice. But for my money, I'll stick with Maharaja or Taste of India.
5 I love this place.  Have picked up take out 3 times and always been extremely happy with everything I order.
5 Top notch service and food! Our server was an absolute delight! Will come here again when we're in the area!
