5 I am so excited to have a Hula's in Scottsdale!!! The new location is beautiful with the entire front wall opening up to the street for optimal people watching. The drinks are nice and strong just like the Central location and the menu is very similar. I had the Spicy Shrimp Caesar Salad today and it was delish. The portions are VERY generous and the staff is great. Hula's is a breath of fresh air in Old Town...go there NOW!
5 Great new spot that has a different atmosphere than most Scottsdale spots.  Worth checking out.
5 This place is awesome, right across the road from patties in oldtown its perfect to start the night and the open air theme is cool. The service was really interactive and relaxed and our server had lots of knowledge on the vast menu. It was hard to pick there were so many tasty options. Added bonus was happy hour until 7pm saturday and sunday.  I was recommended to try hulas for the drink menu and it didn't disappoint! I had the tiki bastard and it was so good! A twist on the traditional mule. Plus the drinks are all served in fun glassware so you feel like your drinking cocktails on the beach. To eat I had the thai chicken bowl which was huge and judging from some of the portions coming from the kitchen they serve big, but really tasty and nice presentation. My friends had the pork tacos and the cheviche and both were delicious, one of the best ceviche I have had in AZ.  Cool place to hang out and enjoy the atmosphere, I would definitely be back to try more!
4 I stopped here with a few friends on an impromptu "tour de old-town" before I make my move to SF.  We had no idea it was the grand opening - happy hour all day!  I'd been meaning to try the Phoenix location forever so I was glad I got to check out the new spot.  From what I could tell, this location is much less "themed" which is kind of a bummer, but we still got umbrella's in every drink which made me a happy little bar hopper.  We didn't try any food but the drinks we're all very strong and tasty.  One mai tai was enough for this little one, 2 would've sent me dancing across the street at Pattie's.  Definitely a fun new spot to check out for something off the beaten path!
5 I was so happy when they announced they were opening a location in Scottsdale.  This is a really fun place and I am sure it will be a hit in the area.  There are a couple of kinks still to work out, but I am sure they will take care of it.  We went for the grand opening, we sat at a communal table with several friends.  I was having such a fun time that I missed the ribbon cutting ceremony.  My first drink was the Dr. Funk, very fruity and rummy.  I think it could be dangerous, because I was downing it pretty fast.  My second one was the One Eye Pyrat, I love ginger beer, so I wanted to try it.  That one was good, but I liked my first drink better. To eat we had the Ahi Tuna Wontons, Pork Tacos and Johnny cakes.  Everything was really good.  We never got our sweet potato fries, but they took them off the bill.  It was a pretty confusing table, so I don't blame our server Charlie, he was trying to take care of a table of over 12 people.  I already know what I am getting next, can't wait to be back.
4 I'm glad they are open now in Scottsdale.  It saves me the drive to Phoenix.  Their servers are friendly and the mai tai is as good as ever!
4 I wasn't sure what to expect with this Hula's, but after attending their grand opening I was pleasantly surprised.  Despite being extremely busy, we had great service and food. I tried the house made vegetarian black bean burger with sweet potato fries. It was excellent and big enough to feed at least 2 people! The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was their drinks were premixed.  The Mai Tai was a little sweet for my taste, so I asked them to take down the pineapple juice a bit, but they couldn't...so I moved on to  a dark and stormy.   We're looking forward to returning for Sunday brunch and all day happy hour... let's just say Hula's is going to be packed this spring!
5 Absolutely awesome food & service! We happen to stumble upon the grand opening & went in for a cocktail.  We returned the next day for lunch. Incredible food!!! I asked if Hula's has a sister restaurant in Monterey Ca.?  They do!  The Hula's in Monterey Ca. was one of the best meals we had in Monterey. Scottsdale was just as memorable! You have a serious hit on your hands!!! KUDOS!!!!! Can't wait to go back!
4 For a new restaurant I think they did very well.  I went on what I believe was their  2nd night of being open. My group started with the spicy edamame, the ceviche, and the house made fries. I'm very picky, the ceviche had a huge thumbs up from the table, as did the amazing fries. I think the edamame could use a BIT of tweaking.  The group all looked very happy with the entrees ordered.  I ordered a green jungle curry bowl, really good kick of spice, which I appreciated.  I don't believe in bland! I'm not a dessert person but they do have homemade desserts I was told by the cutie server girl. I visit Scottsdale for biz, I will go back (and even try the edamame again).
5 I love their Downtown location and when I heard about the new location in Old Town Scottsdale I just about flipped.  Being very familiar with their downtown menu (especially their signature drinks) I came in to see how (or if ) this place could really hold its own relative to the Downtown Phoenix location.    Hands down, this Hula's is just as good as the Downtown location.  While the ambiance is different between the two locations, the food and drink are consistent.   I have a few favorites that have carried over from the Downtown location.  Drinks - While every one their signature drinks is *AWESOME* [yep have worked my way through that list a few times at the #dtphx location] my favorite is the Dr. FuNk, followed closely by their Mai Thai and Pain Killer.  It's easy to slurp down these luscious libations, especially while enjoying the lovely Arizona weather.  But be warned, you will want to have a DD, Tipsy Tow or your favorite taxi/driver service on speed dial. It sneaks up on you!  As soon as you stand up, after only 2-3 drinks, you will be wondering if someone slipped you a "mickie". Potent stuff!  To help off-set the effects of the multiple Mai-Thais.  Their food is absolutely yummy.  While I have not tried everything on their food menu, what I have tried is delish. Food...  [MY top 3] Their Hula Burger with sweet potato fries (that fry sauce they serve with the sweet potato fries is very tasty.)  Or just order the fries an order is large enough to share if you are just looking for something to munch on. - Ceviche - chunks of white fish marinated in citrus juice tossed with cilantro. red bell pepper, chopped tomato...It is served with wonton chips. Great to share but I like to make a light meal out of it.  - Ahi wontons- wonton chips topped with a thin slice of seasoned and seared ahi tuna (it 's rare for those squeamish about their fish) drizzled with a light wasabi aoli of sorts. This, like the ceviche, is good to share or makes a great light meal.  Ahi Poke Salad- chunks of ahi (raw) mixed with avocado and served with wonton chips.  I treat this the same as the last two dishes listed above.   The Scottsdale location is the first place where I tried their Jamaican Johnny Cakes (Side Order = 6 pieces) - the way they do it here,  think of this as a buttery sweet and earthy corn bread. Served warm it accompanies any of their pulled pork or bowls well. I just like it by itself.   Plus it is a great way to soak up a little of the booze and maintain your composure.  Ok that is enough...you probably didn't make it this far down the review or you did, but only after reading the first 3 sentences.
5 So when I heard Hula's was opening another location (thank you Yelp!) I knew I had to be there for the Grand Opening. Turns out so did quite a few other people! Hula's is a very popular place. With good reason. Killer drinks, great ambiance and the food is just like it is at the Phoenix location. This is a really fun place to hang out. Just awesome!  For food this time I tried something different. I opted for the Fish Sandwich, with  blackened hapu, taco slaw, sun-dried tomato pesto aioli. It's huge! (Served with way too many fries.) And yet, I continued to eat well past my filling point.   Here's why. The sandwich melted in my mouth. It was spiced, but not hot! hot! hot! burn the place down. Just enough kick to keep things interesting. If I hadn't planned to paint the town red I could have readily saved half for lunch the next day. BUT NO. I ate it all. (And then I complain about my dress size. Pfft!)  For drinks I started off with a porter. As the holidays are a fond memory (unless you had to wrap too many presents) I fear that my dark beers will be saying farewell. Get this! This Hula's stocks Black Butte's Porter (in a bottle). Be still my heart. {Flutter, flutter}    If that wasn't enough Hula's makes a wonderful Dark & Stormy. As it was before the end of a witching hour, I made off with HH pricing. These bartenders really know what they're doing with this drink! It had just the right balance of ginger.   Hula's is upfront about telling you the cost on the menu for built in gratuity. Larger parties have 18% built in. Split checks on groups have 20% built in. A bunch of us strolled in and were able to sit at a communal table. I'd highly recommend making a reservation if you can. (For parties of six or more.) This is a hot spot!  p.s. Thank you Yelp friends who dressed in 50's Vegas/Palm Springs attire just for the fun of it!
5 I went to the grand opening at the invitation of Anna M. and Irene V. but they had to twist my arm . . . just kidding!!!  I already knew this new location will be hip, trendy, and fabulous since I am already very familiar with their downtown location so when they invited me, I happily complied.   I was not disappointed!  The new location has these great glass doors that completely opens out to the patio area making for fantastic people watching. And the menu is the same delectable food items. And of course their famous cocktails always serves to please.   Great addition to Old Town Scottsdale. Looking forward to their many years of thriving business here!!!
5 What a great surprise find in the Old Town Scottsdale area. We didn't know about the original location in Phoenix, but this location was recommended to us by my hairstylist that also is in the area. The parking lot is very small (about 5 spots) and doesn't have an exit, so be warned that you may be doing a 10-point u-turn to get out of it when there are no spots.  That is really the only down side, which isn't really too bad considering all the parking around the area!  They were running Happy Hour (which they even have on weekend) so we ordered a Mai Tai and the Dr. Funk, both of which were very good, although the Dr. Funk would win 1st in our book.  I had the crispy coconut shrimp rolls, which were phenomenal, and the pineapple dipping sauce was just the icing on the proverbial cake here.  For lunch I had a burger with blue cheese. He had the pork tacos.  I'll probably get the tacos next time around, since they were cooked perfectly and the garnish was fresh and amazing.  My burger was cooked exactly as ordered, and the blue cheese was great - I just think I'll mix it up next go round with tacos!  Our server was Charles, and he was incredibly nice. He made great recommendations both with food and drinks, so if you can sit in his area, do it.  Overall: A+ Go there. Get coconut shrimp rolls. Dr. Funk is amazing. You won't regret it.
4 A friend and I came in on a Thursday night around 11 hoping to get a late night bite and check out Hula's Modern Tiki (formally Big Earls BBQ). Upon arriving  we were informed the kitchen was partially open due to the late hour and would not be able to prepare select items on the menu. Not really too hungry we were fine with the limited selection. The special on Thursday nights features a word of the day you can access through Facebook that grants you 2-4-1 drinks. We decided to try out their Hula Mai-Tai which is a stronger, less sweet twist on the traditional cocktail. It was the perfect balance of rum and tart citrus.    We then started with the white fish ceviche, which was light and delicious. The accompanied wontons provided the perfect amount of crunch. We scarfed the plate down in a matter of minutes, which was followed by our ahi tuna tacos. They were a bit on the spicy side for my own preference, but were pulled together nicely by their rice and beans which cooled the dish down a little, the ahi wasn't incredible but by far not the worse.   For being as late as it was I was happy with the attentiveness of our server and the overall ambiance of the restaurant. My date was on shazam the whole course of our dinner looking up long lost songs she had forgotten over the years.   Overall, I enjoyed my dinning experience at Hula's and am eager to come back earlier in the night to try other entrees that I missed out on ( the ribs!!! ). There is definite potential and the fun, laid back atmosphere accompanied by a extensive tropical drink menu will lead to a successful addition to Old Town.
4 Great food AND beer, what more could you ask for? Great spot to grab dinner with some friends or on a date night.
5 This new location really hit it out of the park!  Remarkably good in atmosphere, service and food.  Can't wait to come back!  My husband and I were biking by and saw this adorable new location of a place we like downtown, and stopped in - so glad we did!  The decor is lovely - tons of blond wood, an open floor plan, 50s tiki bar feel, gorgeous bar - even the bathrooms are really cute!.    The hostess was really nice, but the server was just wonderful.  He was super helpful, gave us tons of information, and had a 100 watt smile, to boot.  On his advice, we ordered the blackened Ahi tuna sandwich, and it was amazing!!  The fish was really fresh, the seasonings really brought out the flavor without overpowering it, and light coleslaw and pico really rounded it out.  This was accompanied by some spectacular sweet and regular fries - absolutely the best fries I've tasted in a long time.  Really top-notch.
5 Max and Matt made me super welcomed and made me an insane Mai Tai. It is an incredible new place, super open and clean. Food is ridic. Go check it out.
5 when we tried their phx location years ago, we thought it was good. now with this new location, i think it's GREAT! it seems like there are so many more options on the menu! there are so many fish options it's incredible.  we started with 2 of their spectacular HH items...the ceviche and the spicy thai fish cakes. the ceviche came with 5 pieces of delicious crispy bread. the fish itself was a tasty, lemony flavor, not overwhelming, but that you could actually taste the fish. the fish cakes were moist and delicious, with a thin deep fried batter and a tasty aioli sauce drizzle.  i ordered the south seas fish tacos. each came with 2 very large pieces of fish. cooked tender and moist, with a small side of mild salsa and a scoop of white rice and black beans. i had a margarita to down it all with, and in effect, had a deliciously wonderful meal.   the decor is fabulous and so is the location, right in the heart of old town. their HH specials are fantastic and they are adding to their brunch menu. for a location that's only been open for 2 weeks, we hope to make this a regular spot!
5 Happy hour was amazing! The waiter was soooo helpful! He literally explained everything. And we were extremely needy. His name is Juan Carlos.   Literally best service
5 Amazing! I'm from Philly which a big food town and this place kills it. Good drinks too. Plantains! Coconut shrimp rolls! Mongolian beef bowl! Amazeballs! Also had a piece of ahi which was good and Johnny cakes were nice!
5 As I was getting a to go Luau I needed to fit it into my man purse to ride home and Jackie was so happy to help me with packing my meal. Also Mariana just lit up the place with her smile and kindness. Honestly, love this place. Btw I got bacon on my pork, giggaty!
5 I have always wanted to try Hulas but never had the time to go to the central location.  Ehen I found out one opened up in Old Town I was so stoked. I came in the other night wanting to see how it was and lemme tell you I was totally impressed. The atmosphere was amazing. I tried the ceviche and I loves it.. the bartender Max was fantastic.. great energy and engaged with me as well as other patrons.. he made me feel comfortable and suggested the spicy teriyaki chicken bowl. .I loved it.. so glad I tried hulas because im bringing 10 to 12 ppl back for my bday dinner saturday night.. hopefully max will be there and can whip me up a bday shot haha.. I work in old town and will recommend this place to others
5 Dropped by Hula's while strolling around Old Town Scottsdale.  The fiancé and I were looking for a place to have dinner and we came across what looked like a hip and happening place.  Honestly a bit out of place in my opinion considering that Hula's is this "modern tiki bar" right in the heart of this western old town scottsdale area but nonetheless we decided to try this place out.  Hula's had quite an extensive menu with so many items to choose from I was a bit overwhelmed but our very trendy sweet server Alexis recommended their spicy Thai chicken bowl and their fish plates.  We decided to try both.  I ordered the Thai chicken bowl minus the beans and the fiancé ordered the lemongrass encrusted hapu.  I was really disappointed because we originally wanted to order the butterfish but they were out but Alexis mentioned that the hapu would be another alternative option.  The fish was absolutely delicious!  Light and flakey and just every bit of perfection!  I loved it!  Very much comparable to one of my favorite restaurants I frequent in San Diego for Hawaiian fusion dishes!  YUM!  The portions here are pretty hefty as my Thai chicken bowl was huge! Definitely could feed at least two I think because I can eat for two!  Prices here are reasonable for dinner ranging anywhere from 7-26.     A great date place since the lighting is so dim it really sets the mood haha however I saw tons of families and children dining here.  Would definitely come back the next time I visit Scottsdale and recommended others to try Hula out.
3 My fiance and I have been here twice.  Once was great, and once was fine.  Most recently we sat on the patio, which made for amazing people-watching.  Service the second time we were in was much better than the first time.   Both times we ordered things our servers recommended. We weren't impressed with the Pulled Pork Sandwich, the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl, the Shrimp Tacos, or the Ahi Sandwich.  We loved the Potstickers, and the Salad that came with the Ahi Sandwich.  The place looks great.  The ambiance is gorgeous.  I hope to check out their mimosa brunch deal ... that sounds affordable and delicious.  Sunday Funday anyone?  Overall this is a fun place, but I would recommend coming here for drinks and skipping dinner.
3 Went here for a work luncheon a couple weeks ago.  I have to say the majority of the items on their menu I won't eat because they have some type of spicy sauce to them and I'm not a fan of spicy food.  I asked if they could make a plain old boring generic bacon cheeseburger.  It arrived with no cheese.  I asked for cheese, which they brought on a plate.  The burger was much better with cheese.  I liked the burger really well.  My co-workers had a variety of things - shrimp tacos (which didn't get a very enthusiastic response), a fish sandwich which was so spicy my boss couldn't eat the whole thing, and a thai chicken bowl that got rave reviews.  We also ordered a side of their macaroni and cheese.  I'm a huge fan of mac and cheese but this needs some pizazz.  It is extremely bland, and those who were eating the overly spicy fish said they couldn't taste it at all.  Maybe add some more flavorful cheese (but please don't make it spicy like everything else!).  Overall, if you like your food to leave your mouth burning, order their fish sandwich.  Otherwise, have them make you a cheeseburger - it was good!
5 Favorite spot in Old Town right now!  I think Hula's has been open for about a month, and I have been there at least 5 times that I can think of!  First of all, I love the décor.  It is very island hip casual, if that makes sense.  I love that there is one wall that completely opens up to the outside.  That has been particularly nice during this mild winter that we've been having.  Second, they have a great happy hour.  It goes until 7 every day.  My favorite are the mai tais.  Usually I am not a huge fan of mai tais, but these are special.  They are not the usual fruit-punch-red, sugary concoctions you get beachside.  No, they are not...but, I have a hard time describing them.  I'll just say they are delicious, and they definitely pack a punch.  Third, almost everything I've eaten there has been great.  The two things that stick out in my mind are the poke and the hapu with lemongrass sauce.  The poke was extremely fresh and flavorful.  Sometimes raw fish dishes are too salty for me, but this was perfect.  My boyfriend ordered the hapu and chose to get it with lemongrass sauce.  It was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had.  Even with a cream sauce, it was relatively light and just really different.  I ordered the butterfish and had it pan fried, and I should have known it would be too much.  It was tasty, but it was just too rich and definitely on the salty side.  I've also had the sweet potato fries, lobster bisque, potstickers, and the crispy coconut shrimp rolls.  I enjoyed all of those except the potstickers, which were too thick and fairly bland.  Finally, the service has generally been good.  The one night I went for dinner rather than happy hour, the service was excellent.  I will be going back to Hula's as soon as possible!
5 I can't say it enough, I LOVE the Scottsdale Hula's location.  We only found this place a couple weeks ago, and have already been twice.  The food is amazing, especially the pork tacos.  This location does the mayo-based slaw with their pork tacos, which I prefer, but you can also request the dry slaw they use at the downtown location if it is your preference.    The first time we went we had Charles (Charlie, I think) as our waiter.  He was absolutely phenomenal.  If he's working, definitely request him.  He's super friendly, very attentive, makes great menu suggestions if requested, and isn't afraid to give you an honest opinion of a dish, which I find to be a sign of a great waiter and restaurant.  The second time we went we also had an excellent waiter, but sadly I cannot remember his name.  The restaurant  is brand new, and has a large open-air layout with both indoor and outdoor seating.   The food is prepared fresh, and the portion sizes are generous.  My fiance is a fan of the shrimp rolls, the fries are hand cut, and the pork tacos are overflowing with juicy goodness.  Just writing the review makes me want to go back for more!  As if that weren't enough, they also have a full bar, and menu specials pretty much every night of the week.  The menu is pretty substantial, so if you haven't been before it may take you some time to decide what you want.  Fairly certain there is no wrong choice, but I think I need to back another time or two, or ten....ya know....just to make sure.
5 I absolutely love, love, love the food at Hula. The lobster bisque soup, the Hula Burger, the Bowls they're all amazing!  The service was super slow but the server was very nice.  The only thing I would count as a downfall is they're patio is way too small and the inside doesn't have a comfortable atmosphere so the dining experience isn't that great.  Since the food is so amazing I'll probably just do carry out.
5 YES, YES, YES! I wen't here solo on a Saturday night and man did I luck out! I had the Blackened Ahi, and man was it delicious! Perfectly cooked rare, with a blackened crust that really made a statement. The staff was great, but did not hover as sometimes happens when I'm solo. I'll keep this in mind for my next Scottsdale visit for sure! Great place to take a date too!
5 Great atmosphere! The pain killer is a pina colada on steroids!  Not frozen but delicious!  Come try this cool old town Scottsdale location.   The Ahi poke is a must!  Forgot to take a picture cause the food looked so amazing I had to eat it!
4 Love the location, love the people watching, but mostly I just adore the Modern Tiki Fish Sandwich. It is my favorite menu item.
5 Good was excellent! Everything came out rather quickly and their happy hour made my pocketbook happy too!
5 Great food... very fun atmosphere.
5 As a huge fan of the Phoenix location and now a resident of Old Town Scottsdale, I was beyond stoked to know that I live less than 2 miles away from the new location. Dana is a great owner and the staff at both locations are amazing. Location in Old Town is perfect and the decor is always on point, I would totally live on the patio! As a vegetarian, their menu stands out for me compared to other restaurants. I can't get enough of their Big Sur Black Bean Burger. You may be thinking, "Grrrrreat. ANOTHER veggie burger for the non meat people".. No way, this burger is perfect, not bland and is AWESOME with added avocado. The tofu tacos and bowls are fantastic too. To the reviewer who said that everything was a little spicy.. Well, I'm sorry to burst your bubble but it is pacific islander style food. It's meant to have a kick and boy does it rule. The drink list is a lot of fun as well, I always look forward to a Tiki Bastard or good old fashion Zombie! Thanks Hula's, you have a regular for as long as I'm in Arizona :)
5 The hubby and I ordered the starter ceviche REALLY GOOD! I had the ahi tacos also REALLY GOOD it came with white rice and black beans. The hubby ordered shrimp mango Ceasar salad awesome combo!! Service was outstanding extremely helpful on deciding what to order. Great atmosphere!
4 We went here for lunch and can't wait to come back and try the Ahi Poke on the dinner menu (I wish they have more appetizer choices on the lunch menu).  I tried the Pork Tacos, which came with rice and black beans.  The pork was very tender and flavorful with a hint of pineapple.  My fiance ordered the chicken bowl, which was delicious!  The curry based sauce they used on the chicken was one of the best sauces I have ever tasted.  The service was slightly slow, but the food was wonderful!
4 Cool vibe. Great happy hour too!  Welcome to Scottsdale, Hula's!
5 I love the food and the drinks are perfects
5 Great Food and amazing value. The drinks are strong and well priced and the vibe is cool. What more could you want?  Try the appetizers (shrimp rolls and fish cakes)  The tiki bastard and Mai tai are well made drinks here worth trying.
5 Our server Charlie was great! Soo informative about the menu and on top of everything. Great relaxing atmosphere and not ridiculously priced. Only problem is parking, like anywhere in old town. Definitely worth checking out!
4 Came by here after a Giants spring training baseball game.  Though a tiki bar there was none of the kitsch.  It is a very nice space that's front is open to the street.  I rarely drink rum but I had mai tais, which were really good.  We drank and grazed on appetizers for a couple of hours.  This is a really cool place.
1 Eek I think not is right!  I have nothing good to say about this place considering the fact that my credit card was dropped when I gave it to my waitress to pay. The worst part is that she didn't even notice that she had lost it!!  A couple of friends and I thought it would be fun to try the new location for happy hour.  Being a server over the years, I feel that I am a fair customer because I've been in almost every situation that you can imagine.  However, when it's time to go home on a work night....I'm ready to GO!  The food was ok, and the happy hour was a pretty good deal but, bad service can put a really bad taste in my mouth.  Unfortunately, that's what happened.  I don't recommend going here if you are in a big hurry or the place is full.  They might be understaffed, or just haven't got the swing of things yet, but I sure hope that they get it together soon because the remodel was done well and it's hard to see a restaurant with a solid reputation go under.
3 Came in on a Saturday night and this place was definitely happenin'  Positives:  - The luau pork dish was absolutely delectable - Happy hour, even on the weekends! Just get there early - Inventive takes on drinks - Really enjoyed the casual, yet modern atmosphere  Negatives:  - They still weren't taking reservations unless it was for a party of 8 or larger. The hostess did us a favor and allowed us to make a reservation for 6. Even though it was for 8:30, we definitely would've had to wait for at least 15 minutes if we didn't make that reservation...so this policy doesn't make sense - Our server either forgot orders or mixed up orders twice. But she was really nice and seemed to be trying her hardest on a busy weekend  - Tahiti lager; would not recommend - Things were a bit more expensive than I anticipated when portion size was taken into account
4 Delicious food per usual--love the building and service. I do love the other hulas location a bit more because of its awesome, giant patio. But it is super nice to have the options of delicious Mongolian beef bowl closer to home!
4 I enjoyed a terrific spicy Thai chicken bowl.  5 star taste and presentation, but at $13 for lunch, I docked it a star for being a bit pricey.  Outstanding service and a tasty Kono coconut-flavored brown beer made for a wonderful lunch experience.
5 Had a great experience. Was at Scottsdale for the SF Giants Spring Training. Food was excellent. Went there for dinner, and literally went back the next morning for breakfast. Juan Carlos was our waiter Sunday morning. Great guy.
5 Hula's by far is one of my top 3 restaurants in the valley and when i heard a second location was opening in Scottsdale i was excited!  This new location offera a nice easy going come as you are atmosphere and love the  large open patio.   Our service was terrific, she offered suggestions and made sure our drinks were always full.   Food was terrific, we ordered my favorite Coconut shrimp rolls with the pineapple sauce is AMAZING! I ordered the luau pulled pork with sweet potato fries, these portions are pretty generous too, I took 1/2 home. My boyfriend ordered the Jamaican jerk chicken with rice, johnny cakes and plantains. Very generous portions....and very flavorful. I posted pics on here too.   Highly recommend giving Hulas a try....oh, my favorite drink is called The Painkiller.    Thanks Hulas for another location, great service and delish food :)
5 This place was great. We sat at one of their outside tables. The husband had the 1/2 order of ribs and I had the most delicious fish with yummy side dishes. Waitress was very nice and helpful. I would definitely return.
5 The tuna poke is fantastic. Do yourself a favor and order this with some wonton chips to start.   Also, have had Juan Carlos as a server multiple times. He is fantastic and will make sure you have everything you need.    Great drink specials and amazing Mac and cheese
5 The menu had so many good options that it was hard to pick just one thing. In the end, I decided to get the Jawaiian Jerk Pork plate. So so so good. So much food too. Amazing flavors. The restaurant itself is nice, but a little on the small side. Only one TV so don't plan on going here to watch a game. Small patio, but they are pet friendly so that is a HUGE plus! :)
5 Hula gets a high five in my book and I'll sum up why they do. First of all, they serve brunch on Saturdays and Sundays but that's not even the best part. They also serve all day happy hour on Saturdays and Sundays as well. Technically it's not called "all day happy hour," but they serve it from morning until 7:00 PM. In my mind, that counts as all day! Do you know what this means? $2 mimosas and $5 cocktails. I almost didn't want to give away the brunch secret but since I love Hula's, I decided to share it anyway. The brunch was really good and they have a great Polynesian twist on basic breakfast items. They even offer fried spam for their eggs Benedict. Very random, but I'm almost intrigued to give it a try. Almost. Not only does the brunch menu include breakfast, but it also offers a wide variety of sandwiches and tacos.   Besides weekend brunch, they also have a great lunch and dinner. I've enjoyed both the Polynesian chicken sandwich as well as the steak sandwich. Both were flavorful but I personally like the steak sandwich more because it had a serious kick. I wouldn't get it if you can't handle spice. The chicken sandwich had a delicious teryiaki like sauce. We have also had their crispy shrimp rolls which were a nice way to start the meal. They were tasty but not overly filling. My favorite cocktail? The Painkiller or the Mai Tai. They taste like vacation. All that's missing is the ocean but Scottsdale will just have to work on that harder.   Finally, I really like their chill atmosphere and open environment. It's very fresh and airy with the big sliding doors and the patio (although small) is perfect. Do you have a four-legged friend? The patio is dog friendly!
4 Awesome atmosphere, great style, very neo-tiki. I love tiki, so the more the merrier, especially in AZ.  Apps are good, had some bomb sweet potato fries, the entrees are also pretty big, hungry big. Which is nice considering the tiny portions you get at most places.  A sweet place to load up on food and visuals, relax, enjoy yourself, and feel like you're not in Arizona anymore, but in a cool modern cafe in LA by the beach.
4 Went to dinner on Sunday with my friend. We had stopped in for appetizers a few weeks ago and decided to try something new on the large menu. We were seated very quickly and arrived just in the nick of time to find the restaurant quickly filled up. It is laid out very well to accommodate all sizes of parties. We had the Hawaiian Ceviche which was refreshing and filling. We previously tried the Lobster Bisque which was divine. This time we also had the Fried fish cakes, which were crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. He had the fried calamari sandwich and I tried the Baja Fish tacos. The Calamari sandwich was amazing. Thin strips were lightly battered and fried, then topped with French dressing and cole slaw. The bun was sturdy enough to hold everything in place and the calamari was very soft and tender. I couldn't believe that it was calamari. I never had a great desire for it because most of the time it is too rubbery and chewy. Not this one! I highly recommend it! The fish tacos were good, 3 of them on corn tortillas with sliced avocado and rice and beans. The rice and beans were nothing special but the tacos filled us up. I would definitely  go back for the Calamari sandwich and to try some other items on the menu. Also, try the Lilikoi Margarita...it is a perfect balance of sweet and sour and half price during happy hour.
2 If you have been to the Islands, you will not be impressed. The menu is basically American Food with Hawaiian labels. They do have Kona Beer on tap and some Tiki mugs to serve a Mai Tai. Oh and don't forget the staff in red t-shirts with black spandex and boots. Aloha!
4 The food was great, service was good.  Good, fresh take on Island food. Shrimp tacos were delicious, the black bean burger was also very good. Nice, casual atmosphere.
4 creative drink options (wide range of sweet / girly to more strong / powerful) - we sat at the bar and had a couple drinks before meeting friends for dinner up the street. we didn't eat but they had a rather complex food menu (which sometimes I am skeptical of - how can you accell at a book full of different food options a la Cheesecake Factory?) and the food smelled great.   when we originally walked in (this was a week after their initial opening, we later learned), there were no seats at the bar. we contemplated waiting but then decided we didn't have time to wait for a seat, have drinks and meet our friends on time so we walked out. we got about 15 feet out the door when the very observant bartender came after us and said that two bar seats just opened up if we still wanted them. we were impressed by his follow up.  once we got to the bar, it took a while to get a bartender to take our order (hey what happened to our friend who chased after us?) but once we finally received the drinks, the drinks were perfect and the bartender apologized and comped a drink (without our asking) and was very friendly and talkative.  for this being their first week of being open, their customer service was top notch and in itself a reason to return.
4 Minutes after writing my first review for Hula's I received a sincere apology letter from Dana at Hula's.  Now THAT is what I call a solid, caring, good business owner.  Not only did he apologize for my experience he took the time to ask for more details about the service.  I'm impressed at his quick action and willingness to make things right.  I hate to sound like a tough customer, but sometimes speaking out on Yelp is what it takes to make a difference.  With that being said, I will DEFINITELY be back to Hula's.  :)  Thanks Dana!  Sorry for the first rough go 'round!
3 I love the location and the open look of the restaurant. Went in late mid-week and sat at the bar. The bartender was less than happy to be there. He had some friends there so was socializing with them the entire time. He was nice but didn't pay much attention to us. We had to wave him down for everything. There was a couple that came in after us and after bartender ignored them for some time they walked out. Only tried the shrimp appetizer which was a good portion and very good. I would go again but hopefully there is a different bartender next time.
5 Cool place. Love the open air dining. Jackie the bartender is awesome. It's my first time here, and she is the best!  Welcoming.  The Ahi tacos are great (bartender recommended). Enjoy!!!!
2 The drinks were great but strong, food was either very bland or very spicy, ambiance was a nice outdoor lounge feel. The Scorpion bowl was a good drink but the bowl it came in looked like it was bought in a back alley tourist shop in chinatown...see pics
5 Hulas is a solid option if you are in the Old Town area. I love the tiki bar concept and their amazing Polynesian cocktails. Be aware these are strong drinks. I sat at the bar and Hulas does not skimp on their pours. Service at the bar was friendly and prompt.   The menu is amazing and it took me a while to decide. I was using Yelp mobile and reading all the reviews and each "you have to try this App or entrée" review just added to my indecision. I finally decided to order the Ahi tuna tacos and they were seared perfect, spicy, and served on a bed of coleslaw. A side of rice accompanied my tacos. I would highly recommend Hulas for their cocktails, Apps, and entrees. Lastly they have a great extended happy hour. I believe they have daily speciasl as well.
4 I am a big fan of Hula's opening up a spot in my hood!  I've been a handful of times and have not been disappointed with the food, drink or service.  Hula's hash for brunch was amazing, sweet potato fries are yum ... Dr Funk, Zombie and Tiki Bastard are among my fave drinks. I did not care for the lilikoi (passion fruit) margarita, but there are plenty of other options to choose from.  I haven't done the lunch or dinner menu yet, but I'm sure I will soon!  I'll be trying out a veggie/vegan option next time.  The layout is nice and hasn't been overly crowded on any of my visits.  I've always been able to get a table and/or sit at the bar.  Tables are comfy and they have a big community-style table in the bar area that would work good for a group doing drinks & apps during happy hour (which they've dubbed tiki hour.)
3 Nothing special to say for or against this place.  Price was on par with where it was (a little expensive - scottsdale), food was ok, service was ok.  Nice atmosphere and it does seem to be baby friendly as we had our 9 month old and others had babies too.    Didn't get the "Tiki" part, didn't seem to overly islandish.
5 Since moving to Scottsdale, I was hoping and wishing that Hula's would open another location. Finally, my wish came true! Luckily, it lived up to my high expectations as well.   Like the other location, parking is small and practically non-existent. Keep this in mind when visiting. It is best to park at one of the many other parking structures in downtown Scottsdale and then walking to Hula's. It will save you a parking headache.  The actual restaurant is pretty open with a small wrap-around patio. Inside has a bar and plenty of tables for small to large groups. As you walk in, the hostess greets you and asks for inside or out. We chose inside and were seated immediately. Our waitress was young and friendly. They all wore uniforms, which (if I remember correctly) the Phoenix location staff doesn't.   We were in time for happy hour, so my husband and I each ordered a Dr. Funk - coconut rum, crème de banana, pineapple and orange juice. Additionally, we ordered the crispy coconut shrimp rolls - only $5 at happy hour. For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos and my husband ordered the big kahuna (a large ribeye steak). Our drinks arrived promptly and our shrimp rolls arrived shortly after. The drink was perfection and the rolls were delicious. Once we finished our appetizer and first round of drinks, our dinner arrived. Both of us ordered our steak medium rare and they came out cooked perfectly. The tacos were especially flavorful and I love the rice with beans side dish. My husband enjoyed his steak as well saying it was tender and flavorful.  Overall, we had a great time. This location is just as good as the Phoenix location and we'll be back for sure!
5 Our party of 4 all loved every part of our meal at Hula's!  The food was delicious and full of flavor with just enough spice to make it interesting.  There was a great atmosphere with fresh air flowing through the restaurant and an upbeat environment.  The service was above average.  We will return again and again.
4 The name "Hula" makes me think of greasy Hawaiian BBQ but I can promise you that you won't find any of that at this hopping Scottsdale eatery. My friend and I went for lunch and we were pleased that they had their own parking lot (albeit small) and we were surprised that the interior was classy (whereas we were expecting uber casual beachy). Service was prompt and friendly and it was only a matter of time before our lunches arrived - Caesar salad with shrimp rolls and a Polynesian chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The Caesar dressing is amazing so I would recommend any of the Caesar salads here.  The Polynesian chicken sandwich was excellent but definitely a little messy so if you are at Hulas on a first date or lunch interview I would skip it.  :-).  For visitors from colder parts of the country, I can see where they would really enjoy the garage doors that roll up for access to the small outdoor patio and to welcome Sonoran breezes.  Not only is the food good here but the atmosphere is great too.  If you are fortunate enough to be there when the weather is ideal it's reminiscent of a San Diegan or Hawaiian ocean front burger stand.
2 Nothing special about this place. The food is ok. The service was terrible. They do have a few good beers on tap but nothing so great that I will go back.  And now upon reviewing our Amex statement we were over charged for our meal. A very disappointing experience all together!
4 My barber couldn't squeeze me in until 2:30 pm and since it was close to lunch time, I made the executive decision to explore Old Town Scottsdale.    Out comes my Yelp app, close by was a ton of interesting options.  Hula's Modern Tiki caught my attention and within three minutes, I was parking in their off-street lot (nice!).  Nice vibe and very helpful staff.  They had the front completely open and I chose to sit out there.  The hostess noticed the table needed to be wiped down and ran to get a dish rag, much appreciated.  Menu is fairly deep but I was fixated (as always) on the tacos.  I choose two, the sweet pork and the habanero lime tacos.  Both were bursting with flavor.  The pork was delicious, some of the best I've had and I make this at home a lot!  The habanero lime tacos were excellent, really not spicy so I'm not sure they're named correctly but still the flavor profiles were fantastic.  Had iced tea and it was excellent, very good and my server kept it full.  Overall, I'll go back and take the Princess along (she wasn't happy I went without her).  Great food and service.
3 I went to this location yesterday and I was a little disappointed. It just didn't have the same 50s tiki lounge feel as the one downtown. The menu seemed to be mostly the same. Since I was there with some friends on a workday for lunch we didn't get any cocktails. We all ended up getting the two taco plate and we were all pretty happy with them. The grilled fish was fantastic! I also got the pork which was good except that it came with a gross coleslaw even though I had specifically asked if the slaw had a dressing and she said no, it was dry cabbage. She didn't come by to ask how everything was so I just let it go. Overall the service was not that great but they are pretty new still so I'll let it slide.  I'd like to give them a try for happy hour but overall it didn't seem to have the same watering hole feel as the one downtown.
5 Love it.. one of our new favorite places.. great service, atmosphere, food and drinks.  Insane Thai Chicken Bowl and Mai Tai's!
4 Love , Love Hula's . The food is always good and the drinks are fun. I've had the fish tacos, burger and the coconut shrimp all have been nothing but spectacular.
4 Went for a team building dinner and it was great.  The Thai Spicy chicken bowl and blood orange martins are fabulous
3 It's very hard to see how anyone can be really pleased with Hula's, at least with the Scottsdale location.    The restaurant is modern, clean, and comfortable, but sterile with only the vaguest hints of Hawaii.  The service, for us at least, was polite but uncaring and sometimes inattentive.  And the food was mainly average with an occasionally below average item thrown in.    For example, what they call a Luau platter contains very pedestrian BBQ pulled pork, not luau style at all.  When you bake a pig in an earth over, wrapped in banana leaves, you get the meat that you don't really have to shread because it falls apart.  And you get the whole hog mixed together which adds a complexity of flavors and textures.  With shredded pork shoulder or butt you get pulled pork.  It's not the same thing, and Hula's version is not even a good rendition of pulled pork.  None of the other items was much better, except for the sweet plantains (hard to ruin) and the rice.    Hula's squeaks by with three stars but it could have gotten two for the disappointment.
5 Gave this Place another try the other night. As always a great atmosphere and there were many people in the restaurant mid week. Sat at the bar again and the bartender was very attentive and very nice. We ordered the beef and chicken bowls which were delicious and had a unique flavor to them. The restaurant and bathrooms are extremely clean as well! I will definitely come back here.
4 I use to live in Central Phoenix and regularly made trips to the Hula's on Central Ave. When the Scottsdale Hula's opened I was ecstatic! The staff is all really friendly and every time my husband and I visit the waiters remember us and chat us up.  The food is so good... All of the tacos are great and if you are just going to have snack the appetizer menu is quite impressive.  I think the only thing I have had that I was on the fence about was the calamari strips.  I'm a huge fan of the ceviche and ahi! The Dr. Funk and Painkiller are great drinks for anyone looking to enjoy their all Wednesday happy hour and the seasonal Longboard beers are great too! I would strongly suggest this place! I am giving this four stars only because the patio seating is so small and I feel like I can never get a table outside.  Living in Scottsdale, I personally love to take advantage of the outdoors. However, if you don't mind being inside they have a great and spacious seating arrangement with a retracting wall to bring in the fresh air.
5 I am pretty obsessed with this place.  Food is off the hook, fun drinks and great atmosphere!!!
5 This place is great!  To keep it simple, I love the food, the drinks, the happy hour, and the bar staff was excellent!    I don't know what is wrong with most yelpers, but if you want to review a restaurant as an actual critic does, you need to not bring expectations along with you.  Too many yelp reviews have been based off of expectations, but those are completely wrong.    Just go dine, take it all in, and then present your review, if needed.  Also, we don't need to hear every single detail of your bun, sauce, taste of the burger, crisp lettuce, blah, blah, blah, blah, BLAH!!!!   We get it!!  You think you're a creative writer!  But no one cares!   Just go here, eat some food, have some drinks, and enjoy yourself!  You're welcome!
4 We enjoyed having dinner and drinks at Hula's before a night out in Old Town. The drinks were large and strong and the food was tasty! The decor was modern, not so much Tiki flavor (except reggae music). The service we received was good. I did really enjoy the food: Thai fish cakes were particularly delicious, and we enjoyed the fish tacos as well. I'd come back for the food, for sure.
5 Food was great! We had Poke, potstickers and steak tacos. All were yummy! Can't wait to come back and try more!
5 I am so happy that they moved closer to me. I've been a patron at their Central Ave location since forever but was always a pain to get to. I love their cocktails so to prevent any DUI it was always a $30 cab ride each way. No longer thanks to this new location!  The cocktails are good. The food is always delicious. I love the curry bowl, veggie burgers, tacos basically you can not go wrong with anything on the menu. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options.
4 As with the Hula's on Central, Hula's in Scottsdale is quite nice. I like that it's located slightly off Scottsdale Road so it doesn't seem as intensely busy. I like the layout of the restaurant a lot, and the service is good. As always, can't go wrong with a mai tai. I also like the tofu tacos and their Caesar salad is delish.  If you're touring restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale, give Hula's a go.
3 Great concept, great service! I had the luah pork sandwich...ok but not great. My friend had the tacos that were delicious.
5 Love both of their locations. Delicious and affordable. Great atmosphere.
4 Ok I would give it only three stars  because I was likely the oldest person here in the place.  I felt "old" around the twenty somethings in the place.  However the staff did not make me feel that way so it would not be fair to say it was A OK when it was likely a nice place to eat.... the drinks are reasonably priced.  I really should not care but I felt that maybe this place was not "for me". We did not have the food so go in and give it a try.  The entrées and main dishes looked really good.
4 I would give this 4.5 stars. The service was amazing the server was very accommodating to much wifes eating restrictions.  The fish sandwich was good. The fish tasted very fresh. Happy hour all day on Wednesday.
5 This is a pretty great place. the atmosphere is nice and chill, the staff is super friendly but the food is really why I go there! I've had the mango chicken caesar, one of the lunch "bowls" and both are really good. Best on the menu are the Tacos! I've had the shrimp, fish and chicken and all three are phenomenal! Great Place!!!
5 I loved the Scottsdale location.  We went on a weeknight and it wasn't insanely busy like the downtown Phoenix location.  They allow for a casual dining experience without all the stuffiness of some Scottsdale restaurants.  Our waiter was amazing, very attentive, even asking how we liked our drinks.  The food was the best part!  We ordered the CocoJoe Chicken Plate and Jawaiian Jerk Chicken plate.  I highly recommend the Jawaiian Jerk Chicken.
3 Since my friend loves rum infused drinks we decided to come here for bites on a Saturday afternoon. I'm not into fruity drinks with fluffy umbrellas on them but my friend loved every drink they ordered the crispy coconut shrimp egg rolls. Everything was delicious. I can see myself come back on a Friday and Saturday night to enjoy more of the scene.
5 My new favorite place in old town!!   The drinks are amazing, the food is really good, I love the hula's wings and my husband loves the Cajun burger, he said is the best burger he has ever had and on top of everything they have happy hour on the weekend.   We really really like this place :).
4 I typically prefer going here for breakfast because it's sooooo freakin good! Lunch of dinner is good but I need to be in the mood. I recommend the cajun burger if you do though. 4 stars for slow service the past three times I've gone.  Did I mention they play really good music? That's key for me. If they played some bumpkin country music it wouldn't be as cool ya know what I mean?
5 Love their brunch deals. $2 mimosas!
4 Went to Hulas last night after movie with a girlfriend. We sat at the bar. This place is very cute and love something different other than the normal boring old west style places in that area. Drinks were fabulous. Food was even better. Highly recommend the Poke and the Coconut Shrimp rolls. Staff was pleasant too. Overall very nice experience. Will be going back :)
5 This place has great HH bites . . . and unique drinks! When you are looking for something a little bit different and are really tired of the green-chile-chips-and-salsa route, try Hula's for a change of pace. Relaxed and laid back just like the Pacific islands, Hula's Modern Tiki is a place to wind-down and have some great food. The best thing about this place, even beyond the great food, is the service. Wonderful! Everyone made us feel like they were truly happy that, of all the Old Town choices, we had selected Hula's.   Parking is a bear unless you get there early . . .  but that just gives you longer to enjoy Happy Hour!
4 I've been to Hula's a couple of times now and am definitely a fan so I figured I'd write a review.  Pros- Really good food, I recommend the Baja Fish Tacos, and the black bean burger- which is quite possibly one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had! I've been here for brunch too and everything is delicious and Hawaiian themed (cute). Also, GREAT cocktails! I came here yesterday for an event and ordered the Blood Orange Martini, YUM! My friend got the Painkiller and that was amazing too.   Cons- Okay so issue number one, it's sort of a weird layout. Near the bar they have two long tables that are parallel to the bar and even though it makes the space look modern and contemporary, I can't help but feel like it's such a waste of space. I get why they have them, for larger groups, but why not connect the booth's that are toward the front? I don't know, but I felt it worth mentioning since everytime I go here with a different person they say the same thing so it must just feel odd to all. Then again, I majored in design as did many of my friends so perhaps we're more sensitive to it then others. Again, this isn't that big of a deal because at the end of the day the food is great so who cares.   Issue number two- okay, how do I say this without sounding like a bitch? Hmm can't. Can the front desk girls please put on real pants? Seriously! Yesterday I saw a girl wearing worn-out yoga clothes and thought "Really? Who goes to a place like this from Yoga. That's sorta gross." Then to my horror I realized the girl actually worked there. WOW. Unlike the layout, you might want to re-think this one, Hula. You're too classy and cool of a place to allow workers to be greeting guests in what could pass as pajamas. Like seriously, bikinis would be less offensive at least that's in line with the theme.   But again, I come here often and really like it. Those are just my humble suggestions to make this place even better.
4 I am a tiki aficionado and was looking forward to checking this place out. The curb appeal is rather cool outside. Entering the place it does have a real modern feel hence the word in their name. However, I was really really disappointed that there wasn't any tiki type props or decorations anywhere in the restaurant other than the kitschy midcentury props stored inside the bar and the lonely only picture in the entire tiki themed restaurant hidden in the corner - a Mark Ryden print. I just expected a lot more and was told by the bartender that the other central location is better themed so I hope that they're going to make some additions as far as the decor goes . Now we had just eaten at Malee's Thai Room so we didn't sample any of the food items. What we did have was this giant scorpion bowl drink that was strong as heck and tasted awesome - flaming nectar of the gods it was. Bravo! Mr. Bartender. We would have stayed just a little bit longer but there was an extremely intoxicated noisy loud platinum blonde Snottsdale bimbo screeching stupidity right next to my wife's ear so we decided to pack it up after one. I'll make my way down here again and check it out again and maybe downtown too.
4 I am from out of town and never been to AZ before. This place had some amazing food!! My husband had the macadamia nut encrusted mahi and I had the the blackened halibut with wasabi mash. Both were great but the macadamia dish took that round! Compliments to the chef!
4 Stopped in to enjoy the July 4th daytime festivities and maybe because of big Dana's holiday hoopla, this was a better experience than my visit to his other outpost. On this day, he decided to discount all appetizers $2 from the menu, not just the mini-list he created on the normal happy hour menu. Hey, Dana buddy, that was my idea in the first place, bring it on across the board please. Anyway, boycott lifted, I tried the very hot and well seasoned Sweet Potato fries that came with a secret sauce, which was revealed by the server as Ketchup, mayo and mustard? Not sure those were the ingredients, but the fries were very good as was the coconut shrimp egg roll thing that was quite unique. Only four pieces, but they had a decent number of shrimp and a good nutty topping on the open faced appetizer. This dipping sauce was not liked by my date, it was billed as pineapple horseradish, and I hate that condiment, but luckily it tasted nothing like horseradish. Finally, I didn't touch the spicy seaweed, but it got a good thumbs up as did the one margarita on the drink menu. My two "girlie" fruity cocktails also hit the spot on this very warm holiday. I would also say to Dana to maybe close all the windows on these humid days because you can't have it both ways in the Arizona summer.
5 I love that Hulas made a second location because every time we head to Scottsdale/old town and we can't make our mind up on where to eat, we head to Hulas...  I love their Mai-Tai's...   As some of you may know I am a huge fan of their "Hangover Hash"... Not because I'm hungover quite often but I love the ingredients... That luau pork over the crispy hash browns goes great with the 2 over medium eggs on top... That is my go to breakfast/brunch option...  I have so many other favorites on the menu but I'm making myself hungry as I write this review so this one will be a short one...  The decor here is very cute and goes well in the Old Town area... Service is prompt and some days get busier than others... Great job Hula's #2...
5 Words cannot describe how much I love this damn place. I truly loathe Scottsdale and the whole scene- but this little place is definitely worth the trip to Snobsdale.  Awesome happy hour options- everything on the menu is SO good.  Best mimosas everrrrrr.
