5 Love Dr. Krishen, she's so great with my son who is 4 months old... She's been seeing him since he was 3 days old. He always takes her time with us and makes sure all our questions are answered. She's amazing when it comes to my sons health. I can trust her, and I love that about her! She's sweet :) id recommend her to ANYONE! My sister in law also wants to use her now after coming to an appt with me to meet her :)
1 I called to schedule an appointment to meet with the practice to see if it would be a good fit with my family.  They told me they do not do that and I can only make an appointment for my kids.  Even if they don't need anything!  A pediatricians office should meet with parents!  The receptionist was extremely rude and not helpful!
1 My daughter has been coming here since birth. She's 6 months now. It's frequent hour long waits, even when booking first appt of morning. Walking in and they don't have the appt I made booked, or when calling after hours for a nurse call, no return phone call. I've given them Atleast 5 chances to redeem themselves and am done at this appt. I stayed because we loved dr Krishen, but she is repeatedly late. My time is just as valuable as hers!!
5 My boys have been coming here since birth.  All the dr's are great. I started with Dr Rosemary Hyun. She's Asian dr. Very good. She's always so busy. You have to set up apts well in advance. As my boys got older they wanted a male dr. So I used Dr Misch which is Dr Hyun husband. Both are very caring and are always accurate on diagnosis. He also is busy. There office is 215 and Durango next to the hospital.    Unfortunately  I had moved. So now I go to the horizon ridge location. Brand new office. Big and clean. There old location was on Eastern and horizon ridge. Even tho they moved location. You still wait a long time to see the Dr. Because I moved and now I see Dr Hodap.   Even though I can't stand the wait times. Your going to wait at any Dr office. I would rather wait and make sure all my questions are answered and that the dr takes the time needed for the visit. Then to have less wait time and have Dr be rushed and not accommodate my child's needs. You can't please everyone. As long as you know wait times are long. Then at least you will know what to expect. I recommend them. All the dr's are great.   I did try a female Dr on Fortepache. I would get in right away but my kids and I never felt a connection with her. I always felt she wasn't accurate in her diagnoses. And you could tell she was rushing. No thank you. I would rather have a longer wait time and get good service than a quick visit any day!
4 Dr. Krishen deserves 5 stars. She is the most professional, caring, patient kind doctor I have ever met. She was my hospital doctor and taught me things no doctor could have taught me and has help me raise a healthy baby boy. She is our savior and we can always go to her for anything. My son just recently broke out with hand foot and mouth and she was on it to help me treat him and get him better. She's always been able to get the right diagnosis and help me with my sons illnesses. I am so thankful to have met her at the hospital and have her as my sons doctor. I only gave four Stars because some of the office girls are very snobby and rude. I came in the other day and the lady rudely told me because my son is sick he's going in the sick room. I have been to this office plenty of times to know where to sit.
