3 The wife and I had noticed this place recently and decided to try it after noticing no reviews were on Yelp.  It's Mexican cuisine whose format seems to be loosely based on chipotle style ordering. The menu is limited, offering burritos, tacos, and quesadillas. They do offer ribs that we didn't try. Something about ribs doesn't scream Mexican food to me. I ordered a chorizo and bacon breakfast burrito, my wife selected crane asada tacos which came with two sides. The burrito didn't have a bad taste but it had no texture even with the bacon and it was very mushy. The taco combination was presented well and it looked promising. Unfortunately it wasn't the greatest crane asada that we've had. It was  pretty tough and made eating the tacos without destroying the entire construction of the taco very difficult. The woman helping us was very polite and answered our questions but could have done a better job with explaining their format for ordering. We kind of had to just figure it out on our own as she watched as we were visibly and verbally thrown off by the setup.    Overall it wasn't terrible and the prices aren't bad, but hopefully over the next couple months they will work out some of the minor issues. I'd like to try this again at some point in the future
5 Delicious! It looks like everything is made fresh daily. I ordered the wet burrito w/ pork. It's kind of like Subway in that you can have them add whatever you like on it. It was so good I actually ate the whole thing! Will visit again!
4 So this place is pretty new, like still figuring their stuff out it seems. Food was pretty dang good. The Carne Asada was very good, the chicken was big chunks so I'd suggest the beef instead. Everything else was typical mexican style food and flavor. All made fresh though so they've got that going for them.   Prices were great btw! We'll be back for sure
5 This place is new and awesome if you live in Northtown or near Nellis. Great for date nights or with the kiddos.
5 Great Food, great price, great family location. 3 people can eat for $15! Definitely going back. Much better than the other Mexican places close by.
5 Muy Rico, bueno, limpio, buenos precios, la comida es fresca y de buena calidad me gustaron las tostadas de camaron las tortillas a mano k las hacen en el momento.
