4 When I am on the Strip and want to slow down or get away from the adult beverages, Starbuck's is my place. Actually Starbuck's is always my place.    The Starbuck's at the Linq is the newest Starbuck's on the Strip. Technically it is in the new Disneyfied street called the Linq that will lead people from the mid-Strip along a walkway that resembles Bourbon Street past bars and entertainment venues to the High Roller Ferris Wheel. It is between the Flamingo, O Shea's and Quad entrances. In other words it is hyper convenient.     There are countless Starbuck's on the Strip. This one is different because it looks like you are entering a building off Bourbon Street. It is the anti-casino Starbuck's with the casino pricing.    Inside the Starbuck's is modern. There are plenty of seating. The sun does not heat up the cafe. And in the age where the smartphone is practically a body appendage, there are plenty of phone outlets.    When I hang out on the Strip, sometimes I just want to relax with a cup of coffee. I enjoyed relaxing in the newest Strip Starbuck's enjoying a non adult beverage.
5 This was the first time visiting the new Starbucks at the Linq.   They were one of the few stores that were staffed appropriately for a three day weekend, plus it being Valentine's Day.   The cashier introduced herself, reviewed the order, and was friendly as could be.  Way to go Starbucks for training these employees to delight their clients.
3 This is one of the newest Starbucks located on the strip, but it's not a real one, but a Starbucks in name only.   Yes they except the Starbucks gift card, but they also except the total rewards cards which makes it not an official Starbucks. Another giveaway is they jack up the prices!  I ordered a passionfruit iced tea with a splash of strawberry. Normally my drink would cost me about $2.85. The young lady told me my drink cost almost 6 dollars. I did not question them, I just gave them my Starbucks card and took my drink.  This place is pretty big, plenty of outlets to plug-in, and plenty of selection of other items including the "you are here" Vegas mugs, juices, sandwiches, etc.   I'm giving this place three stars because of the outrageous price increase. I understand it's a business, but doubling the price for a drink that normally cost me less than three dollars is insane.
5 Newest Starbucks on the Strip! It is located conveniently at the Linq between the Quad and Flamingo. This Starbucks offers plenty of seating as well as charging areas. There's free wifi from the Linq. There's also a restroom. Love the iced caramel macchiato and cranberry oatmeal cookie.
5 Can't really go bad here. They know what I want when I walk in the door. Thanks girls !
1 Rudest Starbucks I've been to. Paid $7.50 for coffee. You'd think you get a 'thank you' at the register right? Nope! Top it off the drink was ready, got place on counter called name and straw thrown. Lol wow!
3 HOLY TAMOLE!! Are my eyes deceiving me?  Did I really read these prices right??  In need for a major refresher while walking the hot Vegas strip, we wandered into the Linq and came across Starbucks.  The prices here are crazy expensive!! - I want to say about 3 times more than what a standard Starbucks would charge.  So, I would probably say, unless you are SUPER desperate, I would probably go somewhere else to get your drink.  Unfortunately, I was desperate and had to shell out the cash for my drink!  You are paying for the convenience.
4 Despite how busy this Starbucks gets, and how often it has long lines, service is still fast and friendly here. Long lines usually clear up really quickly..  It's almost also like a little quiet familiar safe haven, hidden away from the noise, flashing lights and smoke of the gambling floor, even though it's just steps away.  Being Las Vegas, iced coffees and frapp's make up the majority of the menu items purchased here, and every iced coffee I've had there was excellent! Just the right amount of ice. I'm pretty used to other Starbucks putting so much ice in their iced coffees, that even with a venti you're done after two slurps.
3 One of the nicest Starbucks I've been to, as well as the most natural-light one too.  Tall ceilings, with wooden theme design.  Props for open 24 hours.
4 In the land where the people are awake at ALL times, and most Starbucks are PACKED, this location is a hidden treasure.   A LARGE location, with more than enough sitting space, a staff that knows what they are doing AND has their processes DOWN?!?! YES PLEASE.  The line has never been out of control, and they keep it flowing at a decent pace. They take your order before you even get near the register so by the time you are done so is your drink. Truly a great location, and makes getting hangover nourishment speedy and less painful.
