1 this establishment is the most unprofessional venue I've ever encountered, we had an appointment and we tried calling an hour before just to make sure we had the correct directions but nobody answered, we ended up being exactly 10 minutes late because my fiancé took the wrong exit, we called multiple time but nobody answered the phones... when we got there a fire pit was going and the lights were on inside but nobody was answering the door so we figured nobody was there... we walked the place just to see what it was like and then we saw another light turn on inside so we knew someone was there, we went to the door and saw someone inside but they refused to answer the door, we called jenny many many many times but she wouldn't answer the phone... I was very upset, the place was beautiful and the price was so affordable I really bummed out about it. The next day I received an email from Jenny saying she was sorry but she had a family emergency and had to have someone else show us around but left because he thought we weren't coming- first of all I think its bullshit that she had time to find someone else to show me around but she didn't have time to email/call/text me to tell me what was going on- second of all THERE WAS SOMEBODY INSIDE THE PLACE THE WHOLE TIME!!! Her neighbor drove past and asked me what we were doing and we were told him we were there to view the place for our wedding, he then said that the two vehicles parked next to ours are jennys and her husbands so they should be home!!! So freaking unprofessional, my parents (who were also with us at the time) said they were probably too intoxicated or drugged up to answer the door, I highly don't recommend anybody use them, if they were this unprofessional before my wedding whose to say this wouldn't happen on my wedding day! Try elsewhere!!!
5 I am sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo glad we found this place...... because the experience has been wonderful! They have been very welcoming and helpful throughout our wedding planning. Every one there has not only helped us out with the venue but have also offered ideas that have been great!! The place itself is amazing!!!! I am so excited to be getting married in such a gorgeous rustic venue!!!! Im not sure why the first reviewer would automatically go towards personal attacks on people that she doesn't know...but I guess everyone is different in the way they express their frustrations.  Our wedding is coming up so I will follow up with a post wedding review... up to now, it has been nothing less than amazing!  *****UPDATE******* We had our wedding there a couple weeks ago and just as promised here is an update.... NO CHANGE.. Jenny and her staff continued to be their helpful, amazing, friendly, fun selves. Our wedding turned out to be everything we had imagined and hoped for thanks to these fine people and their exceptional establishment (of course we also give credit to our family, friends and other wonderful vendors, but it would have not be the same without WTR). Everything was perfect! The Whispering Tree Ranch staff is the best you can find. I think Im already having WTR withdrawls, I might have to go visit just to take in a little more of the absolute wonderfulness that is Whispering Tree Ranch and the staff. :)
5 I looked around the entire Valley for a rustic wedding Venue and Whispering Tree Ranch is the best!! Jenny has been so kind and helpful, this being my first and only wedding it is nice to speak with someone so knowledgeable. She walked me around the venue and told me about all the details. It is Beautiful, Rustic & Affordable...EVERYTHING I wanted!   I can't wait to work with her further and celebrate our big day at Whispering Tree Ranch!
5 I had my wedding here March 7th, 2014 and used all the vendors that Jennny recommended, except the photographer because we had our  own :) This place was so amazing, I couldn't have asked for a better wedding! The ENTIRE process was completely stress free. Even the wedding day itself had no problems what so ever! She did all the decorations and set everything up along with the clean up. I had a million compliments from guests about how beautiful the venue was. It was perfect,a and so so so affordable!
5 Jenny and her staff at Whispering Tree Ranch are incredible at what they do. They absolutely gave us the wedding and reception of our dreams! We had somewhat of a tight budget, but you would never know that by how beautiful and perfect everything turned out.   Jenny was absolutely amazing to work with from the very beginning, not only providing fantastic vendors (with the option of using your own), but also including so many gorgeous touches that most other places don't (vintage china, eclectic vintage tables and chairs, gorgeous lighting and chandeliers hung from trees) all at a more than reasonable price.   She was so incredibly sweet, professional and diligent throughout the whole process. She works really hard to help you create the wedding of your dreams without all the unnecessary expenses. Jenny was always available by phone, email and even meetings if I needed her. I'm a pretty Type A person when it comes to organizing things (lists upon lists) and she was always available for any questions or just to bounce ideas off of.   We got married there in May and since then we've literally had handfuls of friends and family members not only tell us how beautiful the wedding was, but also that it was the most fun wedding they've ever been to. This was in large part due to all the hard work Jenny and her staff put in for us. We could have never pulled something like that off without them and their gorgeous venue!  We are recommending them to all our friends, but they book fast so keep that in mind with the limited nice weather months in the desert :)    ALL PHOTOS BY: Brushfire Photography FLOWERS BY: Anna Starkey
