5 It's open!  I went on opening day and the restaurant did a superb job of handling a big crowd.  Staff was friendly and helpful, the bread was delicious, and the broccoli cheddar soup is still the undisputed champ.  Although the inside is pretty spacious, and the outside lunch tables are great, parking in the complex is limited, so if you're planning a lunch run, you should consider other modes of transportation unless you're prepared to make a long wait for a parking spot.
4 Its opeeennnnnnnnn. yayyyyyyyyyyy. I no longer need to go to New Jersey for it. Hehe.  Andres had noooo idea what he was doing at the register. Missed up my order 3 times after I told him to repeat my order. Smh. Anyways. They JUST open. So its whatever,  i understand you're learning still.  The pasta was wayyy to oily. :/ My spinach power salad was decent, but my Mediterranean sandwich was delicious. :) the pesto sauce was perfect. I was happy.  Tropical hibiscus is a mustttttttt for your meal fyi. :))  I shall come back.
1 I really really wanted this to be awesome. I work next door and have been teased by the "Coming Soon" sign for what feels like an eternity! Well, the day had finally come, March 5, the GRAND OPENING of my new breakfast and lunch hot spot.   Grand opening I was so happy they were finally open. My coworkers and I walked on over for some breakfast. I ordered a Four Cheese souffle and a medium Americano. They were pretty quick, happy to see you, greeted with a smile. Score! I'm happy now. Got our food and walked back over to our office. Coffee was great, I'm eating my souffle....there's a hunk of something in it that I bite down on. Upon further inspection of said souffle, there are artichokes in it. Ok, no biggie, I just didn't realize there were artichokes in the four cheese one....and upon inspecting the site, there's not. They had incorrectly given me the Spinach and Artichoke one. Not an awful mistake, except it's 70 calories more and I ordered the Four Cheese because it was lower in calories.  Lunch, let's just head on over and we can regain our excitement of Panera being next door. I decide on the Power Mediterranean Roasted Turkey Salad. Looks super tasty, super healthy and again I am happy! We get our lunch and head on back over to our office. I open up my lunch...what a cute box. A little disappointed because from outside the little boxed window it doesn't look very big. Not very big at all for a $9 salad. Oh well, I open it up and stop in my tracks. There's some turkey, cool; olives, check; no lemon juice, but 2 olive oils; and spinach, like less than 20 leaves. I move aside the spinach looking for more and I just get the bottom of the cardboard box....where's the rest of it. There's no "salad" in my salad. Now I'm totally bummed. I call over, more-so to let them know the kitchen might have a hiccup and the Manager tells me they want to make it right, to come on over and they'll fix it. At this point, there's a line out of the door and we just agree to take care of it the next day.   Panera isn't all it's cracked up to be so far. BUT....they have promised to make it right!! And now here we are. Walked on over this morning, spoke with the Manager who once again apologized. No biggie, bumps in the road, it happens. I order up a coffee and the Power Breakfast Egg Bowl with Steak. The girl at the register isn't sure how to ring it in, the manager helps her...I hold my breath.....ok, we're all set. She comped my breakfast and coffee, the order got put in, we're golden right? Grab my bag, we walk on back. Sit down at my desk, mmmm steak and eggs and avacado and.....at this point is where you hear the screeching halt of tires. I get that things in real life don't look like stuff in the professional photographs, but they didn't even try. For some reason my breakfast was on salad (maybe that's making up for the lack of it from the lunch) the "Two all-natural eggs, freshly cracked every morning" were actually just two ice cold egg white patties. Gross. And their "seared steak", well that was a cold chewy mess as well. I couldn't even stomach it. Take a look at the picture:  http://i62.tinypic.com/2hcnsk2.jpg  After all that, they've struck out 3 times and lost me as a customer.
3 I usually stay away from chain restaurants, but decided to give it a shot since it's right aroudn teh corner from my house. I went in for lunch on Saturday and it was PACKED! they have a menu full of sandwiches, salads, pastas and baked goods. i opted for a half sandwich and small pasta, which set me back around $12. The pasta was good, it was this cheese tortellini with pesto. The turkey and cheddar panini had was just okay, super dry and overcooked. The building is nice, but it's the exact reason I don't do chain restaurants. the food just has to be OKAY because of the volume they do.  I'll most likely go back as there are tons of better options in the area for lunch, but if chains are your thing this place is a decent representation.
2 The Smokehouse Turkey Panini was good, but my Tortellini Alfredo was far too salty.  The French onion soup was too sweet. Ten dollars for a small serving of pasta and half a sandwich seems rather expensive. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
1 overpriced, small portions, slow service (even when it WASN'T one of those crazy, line-out-the-door days)...you are in central phoenix, please go to any of the myriad local shops instead. at the very least you will get more for your money. sometimes more for LESS money.
3 I have waited a long time for Panera to make it out to Phoenix and I'm less then impressed so far. Parking is awful during the lunch rush. I came in, ordered, paid $13 for a half sandwich, soup and large drink. Pastries are $.99 extra. Pepsi products only with a few tea options. My food took almost 20 minutes to get, thank goodness I get an hour for lunch! Seating spaces are awkward unless you get a booth. I would rather get the cookie instead of the roll with my meal, which I didn't even eat. My turkey avocado BLT on sourdough was good, as well as my fuji apple chicken salad. Food runners were constantly confused of where orders were going and was asked several times if random orders were mine. I know they just opened but they certainly have a lot of kinks to work out before I come back.
1 I was honestly a little disappointed in this location. I have been to Panera many times in the past when residing in Oregon and this location just did not live up to the standard. I understand that they are new and are working out some of the kinks, however, there is still a long way to go.  The line was long, but don't let that stop you- they actually got to me VERY quickly. I asked the cashier for a recommendation between 2 options and she said she never tried either. Ok... no worries... I went with the Turkey Avocado BLT, tomato soup, and an iced chai. The soup was barely warm, the sandwich was gross (the meat appeared to be cooked but the texture once I bit in did not seem cooked) I took ONE bite. The chai tea is very delicious! However, I didn't pay ~$18 for good chai and lukewarm soup. I didn't bother discussing this with the manager because she was busy dealing with other issues from other customers.
2 I was really looking forward to a new restaurant in my neighborhood. I have been to Panera 2 times now and both times the experience has not been very good. The first thing you see when you walk in the door is a little waist level window on the partition wall looking into the dining room. There is a table in front of the window that a manager has setup as their desk with all the normal things you would see on someone's desk like a coffee cup, papers, pens, a napkin, a printer and a laptop. Its like welcome to my office.  Once you get in line, and there has always been a line, you get a confused person manning the register. Both times the person was friendly but slow and poorly trained. The most frustrating thing is there are like 5 registers, and only 1 is usually being manned but there are people at most of the other registers doing something, but it not waiting on customers - they look confused like they are reading something.  I will say the food was pretty good, so a glimmer of hope exists.  It can only get better. My recommendation is start with the manager that setup his office in the dining room - I suspect that is where the problem originates.
1 Disappointed.  Coffee over one hour old according to the board, and then there was only half a cup.  Oatmeal was cold an very little fruit.  More employees than customers, but service was still poor. Com paired to other locations this one has lots of work to meet expectation.
3 I'm from Texas so I was able to eat Panera Bread on a regular basis. I'm happy that there's finally a location in Phoenix, especially so close to where I love. Food is good (my favorite sandwich is the Mediterranean veggie). Pastas are good and I love getting a chocolate chip cookie.  Service here is a bit slow. Hopefully things will pick up once the store is a little less new.
2 This was my spot in Seattle.  I loved being able to get a soup or pastry and enjoying the fireplace on cold damp days.    The ambience here is equally as welcoming.  Clean and cozy eating area.  I would agree with the rest of the reviews, the staff seems to be poorly trained and confused on the menu.  Even I have a hard time understanding the "pick 2" options.  When I went it was empty, I got my food quickly.  It seems that they are trying to figure things out still with the food delivery as the runners get confused easily.  I got the chipotle cheddar sandwich which was good.  My main complaint was that for $13 it seems overpriced for a tiny sandwich and salad.    I'll come back for coffee and pastries but not the food.  Slightly better, but overpriced paradise cafe.
1 4-5-14 - Three times I visited the Phoenix Panera  on Central and Thomas.  They have a mouthwatering picture of their breakfast sandwich: egg, bacon and cheese.  The first time I was 2 minutes late to order the sandwich, of course I waited in line for 15 minutes before having the opportunity to order.  The second time I waited for more than 10 minutes just to order their green tea, which turned out to be horrible.  The third time my husband and I made a morning trip so that I could order the breakfast sandwich.  What a waste of time and money.  The real sandwich does not look at all like the picture and we were extremely disappointed in the quality.  Also, the staff was under-trained because she did not know how to ring up my husband's order.  Don't waste your time or money.
2 It's never fun having to write reviews like this one but I felt I needed to share a few things.  Hopefully management makes a few changes because I really want this place to do well!  Before I list my feedback I do want to call out that this place just opened, and it's their first location in Phoenix so they may just need to work out some of these kinks.  - Ordering/pick up process is terrible.  just terrible.   The layout of the restaurant is confusing, unorganized and downright uncomfortable.  It's hard to explain but once you order your food you have to wait in this tight, long hallway next to the kitchen where servers run into you to grab food and bring it to some of the tables. At one point the line was so long to wait for food some of the people I was next to had to step outside because it was hot and making them claustrophobic.   Honestly I didn't blame them.  I snapped a quick photo after they had just stepped away which doesn't quite show how tight it was but it will give you an idea of the space I'm talking about.  - Quality of my food was less than epic.  I ordered a pick 2 (soup and half sammy).   The most disappointing part was my "French onion" soup.  Normally FO soup comes topped with cheesey goodness and some crunchy bread.   I literally got watery brown broth with onion strips.  Nothing else.       Either they forgot how to make it or ran out of ingredients?  I was in a huge hurry after having to wait so long for my food that I didn't have time to hunt someone down to correct it.     - Napa chicken salad sandwich was dry :(   Not even sure how a chicken salad sandwich could be dry but this one was.  Bummer.  - Chocolate chip cookie was good!  I have lots of faith in their bakery section.   Will definitely try more next time.  - Server who took my order was very pleasant!  Oh, Panera.  I want to love you so badly.  I'll be back sometime to give you another shot, and I hope to update this review for the better :)
2 I was looking forward to eating here.  I thought it would be similar to Wildflower, which I love, but I was disappointed.  I ordered the Chicken Cobb Salad and two kids mac n cheese, all to go.  The kids meals were $4.99.  The serving of mac n cheese was quite small, probably good for a 4 year old.  ( my kids are 9 and 12) Wildflower portions of pasta and sauce are at least double in size to what we got here, and I think the meal is cheaper as well.  My salad came in a box that I couldn't quite figure out how to open.  Not saying that was bad or good, just different.  The flavor of the salad was ok.  Not something I would order again.  The cheese was supposedly gorgonzola.  There was very little of it, and it was not very strong.  I could barely tell that it was in the salad.  The dressing was odd, not a typical cobb salad dressing.  Also, I believe Cobb Salad typically has chopped egg in it and there was no egg.  Maybe they don't use it.  The turkey Cobb at Wildflower is waaaayyyyyy better.  Sorry, Panera, you left me unimpressed.  Oh yeah, we tried a brownie too.  Meh.
1 So, several months ago I try to order the Power bowls and the staff wasn't trained and could not even work the register and then tired to say i was thinking of another restaurant,  today I gave then a second chance,  I wanted one of the Flatbread sandwiches and they were out of flatbread. It's definitely not worth the drive.
2 Perfect pastry and cookies. Breakfast sandwiches I've tried have been excellent, though they seem pricy. I understand that they're new, and there are always growing pains... But the horrible layout is never going to change. I typically order iced coffee, and the self-service coffee station is right near the registers. However, though I'm issued my cup at the register; I have to push through the narrow, congested hallway/waiting area past the kitchen to get to the cold drink area at the back to get ice for my iced coffee--it's not even visible from the front, so I had to ask the first time; then push back up front to dispense and doctor my coffee with cream and sugar; then... Where are the lids?? Only one size up front: small as it seems to fit their hot coffee lid slots ... Oh, back with the ice and soda. It's so non-intuitive that on my second trip I also forgot to grab a lid, and on my third trip I remembered the lid but forgot my straw.  You just don't expect to have to manage a lid and a straw in one hand while dispensing ice and your drink using the other, while hiking the hallway, using your third hand for the paper bags of breakfast--all that for very mediocre iced coffee.   Staff was... New. I'll wait for a while before commenting as it's hard when everyone is new and you can't learn by example.   Overall, frustrating. I leave feeling rushed and irritated, which adds to the sense that the meal wasn't worth the price I paid. I'm waiting for a few months before trying again.
1 This place is no good, the staff seems friendly but their food sucks! I ordered half a  salad and a cup of soup. For "soup" they gave me just chicken broth and for a "half salad" they gave me half of a half. Everything was bland, basically I'm not impressed.
2 I ate at Panera Bread frequently when I lived in the North Dakota/Minnesota area.  It was easily my favorite of the chain restaurants.  The one here in Phoenix just opened a few blocks away from work.  I gave it a few weeks just to be sure that I didn't run into the messy opening crowd.  I finally went in this morning for brunch.  I ordered the asiago steak sandwich, which is one of my favorites.  This iteration was pretty bad by comparison.  The bread was very dry and chewy.  It scraped up the roof of my mouth.  I realize that this kind of asiago sourdough has a chewy texture, but this was beyond unacceptable.  I still give it two stars because the lady at the register was pretty awesome.  Plus, they have some really delicious bagels and pastries.  I'm not sure what it's called, but there is a cinnamon crunch style bagel that is one of most delicious I have ever tried.  I'll try them again, but I'm probably going to wait a few more weeks.
2 Way over priced for the amount of food you're getting. $12 for a half sandwich and a small cup of pre-made soup (stated by the manager) and they served us cool bread.  My vegetarian wife found a small piece of chicken in her vegetable barley soup. The manager disclosed that the pre-made soup that was shipped to their store may have already been contaminated with meat before they served the soup in the store.  So you would think that they would make fresh soup for the price you're paying. He did say that he would file an incident report and dispose of the rest of the box batch.  We were compensated for our food, but still disappointing. Used to love Panera, but now, not so much (at least in this location).
2 I was very happy to see that a Panera opened in Phoenix. Panera was my favorite restaurant back in Michigan where I'm from, so I was glad to try it out.   The food is good and while I agree the price is a little high, it is comparable from what I remember. The problem is the service. It seems like the staff has no idea what they're doing and they get easily confused. While I was waiting for my takeout, they had to ask what I had. It took nearly 10 minutes to get my Chicken Caesar Salad, and the restaurant was slow. I suppose they were growing the lettuce from my salad from the garden because it took so long.   The staff is not rude - they're very friendly - just a lot of disorganization.
1 Wow, this place is a disaster! I think they messed up every single part of our visit from the ordering process to getting our food. It seemed like everyone else had issues too, I don't think I saw one table that didn't have to pull the manager over for an issue. The layout of the restaurant is so convoluted it just manages to make a bad situation worse.
1 Well, I was excited to try this but not surprised at ALL by these reviews.  I've never been to another Panera, but heard it was good.  The line is always out the door at lunch time.  I didn't have to wait too long to get my order taken, but I had to wait about half an hour (that's my whole lunch break you guys) to get my salad.  I got a chicken cobb with avocado, it really should not have taken 30 minutes.  I wanted to leave and get my money back, but I was already out of time to go somewhere else and just had to wait it out.   Apparently I'm not the only one that was not going to wait -- there were two separate orders they kept calling out that had been abandoned.   Anyway, I finally got my salad and had to run back.  Sadly my salad was not worth the wait.  None of the ingredients tasted fresh at all, the chicken was pre-cooked and dry, I got only 1/2 a small avocado and two very small cups of dressing.  The whole thing was just slapped together, looked awful, and was 99% lettuce.  Ended up throwing half of it away because it was just LETTUCE.  So food wasn't good, service wasn't good, and everyone in their "kitchen" was flying around like crazy people while at the same time not producing very many orders.  Saw two orders returned while I was standing in the little hallway.  I feel for the guys in the kitchen because they were busy and you've got people staring at you the whole time waiting for their food, but seriously they need to get it together.
2 I miss Paradise Bakery!  Price increase, no cookie in the kids meal.  Waited a long time for our food, the design of the restaurant doesn't flow and the servers seem confused.  We will keep going to Paradise Bakery until they've all transitioned over to Panera Bread.  The restaurant was crowded, not sure why??
3 Stopped in for a quick lunch on my way to an appointment. Salad and sandwich combo and an iced tea.  Everything I had was fresh and tasty. The place is clean with plenty of seating. I didn't find the prices to be notably different than Paradise.  I also got cookies on the way out to bring to the appointment, and they were a hit.  This place isn't reinventing the wheel. I wouldn't think to come here when I wanted a great meal.  But - for a quick service lunch? Beats the crap out of fast food on so many levels, and I'm sure I will be back.
2 Horrible staff that can't get simple orders right. Second time now that my husband and I came home to our sandwiches being completely wrong. Stuff on our sandwiches we specifically asked to not have. I've been to plenty of Paneras in other states and they have their sh*t together, why not this one? For what I'm paying, I expect at least a correct order. Food is good....if you ever get what you ask for.
5 Why all the hatin' on Panera?!?! Being from the east coast, Panera bread is nearly as common as a Dunkin or Honey Dew Donuts. Welcome to the Desert Panera! As I understand it, Panera bought out Arizona's Paradise Bakery years ago. The menus and recipes are the same now.  What is handy dandy about this brand new store is that pretty much every single seat has an outlet. For fellow laptop folks like me, we love places that give us power AND Wifi (usually it's one or the other).   I'm sure they were working out some training issues in the beginning, but the staff is super nice and tries really hard.
5 This is only the 3rd time I have been to any Panera. Every time I have been, I have liked it , a lot!  This place is another good one. It is very clean. The staff was nice. The food is really good.  We got salads,they were very fresh, filling and very tasty! They have a website you can go to and sign up for deals and coupons and such. Although I have not done that yet, I will one day. Or my girlfriend will. She is better at following up on things than I am.  I liked the Ice Tea here. I like the fact it has no sugar already added. Their chicken states it is Non antibiotic, you have to love that. I think it is a good place to go when you are out and about and need a healthy and tasty meal. Yes, it is a little high, But, not too bad for the good food you get.
2 I first went to Panera during the opening and it was super chaotic... They were still getting into a groove and employees were still learning everything  My visit then wasn't very memorable  I think I got one of the pasta dishes which I didn't enjoy... It reminded me of hospital food... Small portion as well...  Today I went and got the Fuji chicken apple salad... I liked it, great size and flavor... Better than their sides and sandwiches... As I was waiting for my order I could hear the girl yelling out her confusion on how to make the salad and some other orders... I know that this is common (not the yelling, but the new employee) but it was kinda nerve-wrecking hearing her and wondering if she was going to get my order right or not... I am usually not one to complain about things like this but I think just because I heard her own uncertainty, it made me a little more nervous... I made sure to check my take out order before I left...  The layout is nice and the dining areas are set up well but I don't get the pick up area, why put that right in the middle of the restaurant... I'm sure that gets packed and hectic when it's busy (I haven't seen it busy)  One of the main things that keeps my visits spread out is the price... Pretty steep, for the food you get at least...   I think I'll stick to salads and cookies at this joint...
4 OMG!! I read some of the reviews on here but that didn't stop me from experiencing this place for myself.  I'm from Portland,  Or and we have Panera there but I have never went in but have always wanted to. I tried it for the first time today and trust me they did not disappoint!!! I had a broccoli cheddar bread bowl and a Fiji apple chicken salad half sized with a frozen lemonade!!! Can we say yumsters?! I will be going back soon.
5 Stopped in between 5 and 5:30 PM, and it wasn't crowded, so we went right through.The service was prompt and friendly.We got the lemon chicken orzo soup and a loaf of sourdough bread for takeout, and it was delicious! Especially the soup. So were the chocolate chip cookies.
2 When I went to the recently opened Panera on Friday evening, I knew we were in trouble when my young friend ordered the chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl. "We're out of bread bowls," snapped the staff member taking orders. My friend, who had been yearning for soup in a bread bowl ever since she heard about it, finally settled on a classic salad with chicken and I ordered a Thai chicken flat bread sandwich. We made our way down a narrow passage way into the table area. The decor is blah with bad lighting and none of the empty tables had been wiped off. While waiting for our food, I went to the restroom, which clearly had not been recently cleaned and a huge cylinder of toilet paper was set on top of the empty dispenser. Our food arrived and the person in charge of the kitchen must have been friends with the decorator -- blah. Granted the prices are cheaper than Paradise and the excellent Wildflower but for a lot less money we stopped at Frys on the way home and bought a La Brea Olive Oil and Rosemary round loaf and a can of Progresso chicken noodle soup. Now that was a tasty mean!
5 I had a great experience here and I'm a little confused as to the large number of negative reviews. The staff was polite and pretty speedy. They didn't make any mistakes on my order and there were lots of spots to sit. I used to love going to panera in Florida and this one is so far up to that standard.   I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup pick 2, the grilled cheese was excellent, the tomato soup was acceptable. It was a bit more tomatoey than basil flavored. I also had an iced chi which was incredible!   I did spend some time observing the staff and they do look like they are not too experienced but the manager came out and helped when there was a little rush at 2pm.   I have no real complaints, I will be back.
3 Finally got around to trying Panera. Ordered some take out and has a just okay experience.   Staff goes out of their way to be polite. I was definitely impressed by their positive and helpful attitudes.  I ordered their take 2 with a Greek salad and tortellini Alfredo. When I ate it back at my office, I thought the packaging was quite cute. The salad was just okay... Needed a lot more dressing and some of the lettuce was starting to brown. Tortellini was good, cheesy and tasty but it could have used a little bit more sauce as it was a bit dry. The roll it came with was quite good. Fluffy and buttery... Didn't even need butter.  I thought it was kind of pricey for what it was... A small portion of pasta and an underdressed salad for almost $10. You can go to an Italian restaurant and get a lunch entree with larger portions for a cheaper price.   But I will give Panera another try... Since their bread is so tasty I'll order a sandwich.
