4 And we have another new eatery in Stockbridge, this one in the form of a cozy wine bar. The interior is dark and romantic, accented with giant head sculptures and comfortable custom pillows. We were made to feel welcome from the start, and the service was good throughout.   The wine list is diverse and approachable, with short descriptions to help guide your choice. Around 15 wines are offered by the glass. Every wine we tried was good, and the prices seemed about average for this area.  The food plates are mostly designed for sharing. We started with the smoked aubergine on toast and mull crab bon bons, followed by the portobello mushrooms and the monkfish Thai curry. Portions are small but priced accordingly, which works out well if you'd like to try several different things. The Thai curry was my favorite dish. The mushrooms were delicious if just a tad too oily. The starters were interesting, but not amazing.   For dessert we split a ginger sticky toffee pudding, which was small and tasty (and came with a disproportionately large side of clotted cream).   Overall a lovely evening out.
2 On the plus side, this new restaurant looks great and the location (opposite Scran & Scallie and a few doors along from the new Raeburn) is perfect. But we left after our Sunday lunch today feeling hungry and a bit disappointed. The food looks and tastes beautiful but (although I recognise this is a tapas bar and you expect to have lots of small dishes) there's so little of it! £6.50 for two filled 5cm diameter mushrooms was very steep for what it was. I noticed with amusement the family at the next table were looking at their orders (as we had with ours) with 'Is this it?!' expressions on their faces. Rollo had crammed so many tables and seats in today (Mother's Day) that, in an attempt to stop falling over a barricade of stools in front of me, I knocked over one of the dozens of candles and got hot wax down my new coat. The waitress saw the whole thing unfold, but just stared and pushed past us to get to the next table. She was quite sullen, although it has to be said that the other waitress who served us was lovely. The three of us gave it 2/5, 3/5 and 2/5, so I've averaged out the score.  I'm afraid I wouldn't recommend Rollo, and won't be returning..
3 Came here as a group of 4 on a sat night. Weekend booking is a must. The place was heaving which, as it's such a small venue, doesn't leave much room for comfort. As long as you don't need to get up to the toilet more than once you'll be fine! :)   The food was excellent quality though, however I'm not really a fan of the concept of tapas sized plates. Personally I prefer my own food unless I'm at a Turkish or Moroccan restaurant where it's a free for all. The concept of tapas is sharing food however I didn't feel some of the dishes were really sharing friendly. It felt like a bit gimmicky.   The winning dish for me was the simplest and that was the haloumi and pomegranate tabbouleh. No complaints from the party for the meatballs, prawns or the haggis Bon bons. Yummy...   The wine wasn't overpriced which Is a trap a lot of new restaurants fall into in the Stockbridge area. I think overall the bill came to around £40 per head which considering we had a 3 course selection of food plates, sides plus 3 bottles of wine, I thought wasn't too bad. Would I go again? Maybe not. However I wouldn't not recommend it for someone to try. M
4 Had lunch here with a friend last week, service was laid back and friendly.  We each did the bon bon wine flight which was fantastic. 3 bon bons (prawn, goat cheese & haggis) paired with 3 different wines.   Followed by portobello mushrooms for her and tuna steak for me. The mushrooms seemed to be oozing pesto and judging by the amount of green left on the plate, could maybe have done with a bit less. My tuna steak was perfectly cooked but the mango salsa was lacking the 'zing' that I was hoping for.  I love the idea of tapa style bite size plates and the wine list is varied and easily navigated so I'd happily head back for the wine list and a light bite though probably wouldn't consider it solely as a dining option.
