5 VERY MUCH INVOLVE WITH THIS PLACE!  I truly think this is THE BEST indoor playground in the Southwest area.  Let's start with the place being new, clean and the owners are super nice and friendly. There are play-pretend rooms on the sides, such as a princess room,a market, a school, a firefighters spot, even a small class.   There's a huge costumes rack at the back and a stage the kids can preform on. Two balls pools, trampolines, a tiny kids gym, it's just awesome. I would say it's suitable for babies all the way to age 8 or so.   Great spot for birthday parties as well.  This is definitely my #1 place at the moment, TRULY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5 Today was my first visit. I'll start by saying that I noticed the owner wiping down all the toys with sanitizing wipes. Parents know just how important that is with little germy hands. The owner was nice and friendly. A single day pass is $10 but you can come back during the same day. There isn't a discount for a family of more than one child.  There's a few trampolines, an air hockey table, a little gym, a few ball pits, a jump house, dress up clothes, a stage and numerous ride-on toys. My 4 & 3 year old were in Heaven!
5 Spacious for an infant to crawl around and excellent for bigger kids. Plenty of toys to play.they have costumes for pretend play..a very playful place. The owner is supee friendly and always cleaning the toys.
5 Today I went here for my son's birthday. We had about fifteen kids & rented the whole place out. Everything was set up for us already, so all we had to bring was the food. The place was clean & the staff was very helpful. I recommend anyone who has toddlers to come here.
5 We ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place! Kids Kingdom is by far the AWESOMEstestestet play place for toddlers. We came here for the first time yesterday for a birthday party, and we seriously can't get enough of this place. So, of course we HAD to come back today for more fun :-). All I can say is "WOW"!!! There's so much for toddlers/kids to do here.  Kids were so busy having the time of their lives, while we parents can relax on their super comfy couches. My daughter and friend's son did not want leave.  The owner, Tom, was very friendly(he already addressed my daughter by her name); This place is very clean; I was really impressed when I saw Tom constantly wiping down the toys and picking up after the kids. It really shows that he takes pride in ownership. Although it's quite a drive for us, we will frequent this fun place often!
5 I visited here for a birthday party and was amazed at how wonderful this place is for kids and adults.   The ball pit was a favorite of all,  but they're were so many other great activities: dress up,  slides,  cars to ride,  and mini exercise equipment.   The kids did not want to leave.     The best part is they didn't forget the parents.   There are 4 comfy couches spaced around the room for you to relax on while watching your child.   There are also magazines for you to read,  coffee,  and snacks.   This would be a great place to hang out at during the hot summer months.  Socks are required to enter the play area.
3 Kids Kingdom is new and the location is great - 5 minutes from my home and same location as swimming lessons. I loved taking my two girls here because it was new and clean. I finally purchased a 6-mth membership only to find out that the owners close the facility for 'private' birthday parties whenever they want, throughout the weekend.  And unfortunately, they do not  use their website to communicate to members that they will be closed for a party BEFORE we arrive with our kids with the expectation of open play. Apparently, you must have a Facebook account if you want to know when there is 'open play', otherwise, I suggest that you call first so that your little ones are not disappointed.  Other locations reserve every Sunday for parties.   Kids Kingdom lacks professionalism but provide a clean and safe play area for the kids - when they are open.
5 Best indoor place in town (and ive been to all of them) So many things for kids and very comfy for adults. The interactive areas are really what sets them apart and what a clever idea! Very clean too!
5 This is a great alternative to an outdoor park. Super clean. Great staff. Love this place. Reasonable pricing.
4 SOCKS ARE MANDATORY!   Food is allowed so you may bring outside food. They also offer snacks and drinks as well as socks if you didn't bring any. There are a couple bathrooms but I've only been in one and it's pretty clean. I wish they had air freshener if anyone decides to do number two. Before you walk in there's a big cubicle where you place all your shoes. In the middle there's a small area to sit while eating. A couple black couches around to sit. It's pretty clean. I did find it very odd that the owner was cleaning every other minute but hey!!! If that's how she likes to run things then no problem. She doesn't get in the way of other kids playing though. Always call first to see if it's open play. Hours and operation varies! So meaning they close on a certain time for open play if they have parties going on. I paid $10 for one child. I didn't pay much attention to the prices and plans that they offer. I wasn't that interested. It was my first time! I came to try it out because one of my family members recommended it. We like this place but don't LOVE IT. I didn't have any issues or problems what so ever but it wasn't over the top to love it. We may come back a couple times.   They have a mini jumper, princess play room, market play room, firefighter play room, hospital play room, and a teachers play room. A mini train ride. And many more!
