5 New name - new owners.  We have been here when it was Pete's Thai, and e-San Sab-Sab, and I think that the food is good, if not a little bit better, now that there are new owners.  There is a lot of attention to detail, and during the lunch buffet, she comes around to let us know what is cooking, and what entree will be replenished in the buffet.  Waters are filled up, and she (new owner) seems interested in what entree(s) we are enjoying.  Two kinds of soups are always ready, something that seemed to be lacking in the old days.. (Personally, I would love to see more fish or seafood in the lunch buffet)  The food is delicious, keep up the good work!!  It is a BOYB, which is nice if you have a wine or a beer you'd like to enjoy with your meal.
5 Great Thai restaurant! My wife and I like it so much we try to make it at least once a week. The buffet is very good, the tasty meals from the menu will have your taste buds dancing and they can make the menu meals to meet your desired level of spiciness. The Thai Tea and Thai Coffee are amazing as well. This one is worth checking out.
2 The service is better but the food is ok, Does not hold a candle to Pete's e-San Sab. I have eaten there every week since to new owners took over, ever week the food loses something. It's not bad food just not great.  When new owners took over , I was excited, great service with great food. Unfortantuely it they changed the recipes and the food is just avg, have not ventured back in Feb.   (I have not want to the buffet since no owners)
4 My friends and I go to this "secret" restaurant for "Friday Thaiday".  The owners are always friendly, laughing, and welcoming.  The entire family helps out.  The food is delicious...you choose your spice levels for any dish.  The Rad Na (spelling?) noodles, the red or yellow curry, and the coconut soup are outstanding.  5 stars!  You can skip the wontons and the Thai toast appetizers.  We now laugh with the servers about it, but the only negative is that the food takes FOREVER to be served.  It comes out one dish at a time, so if you are with a big group, it is a wonderfully slow dinner.  The soup may be the last dish to appear or the first...you never know.  The inside of this restaurant is unexpected.  Cute and clean.  Bring your own wine or beer and there is no corkage fee.  They will bring you a big ice bucket, corkscrew, whatever you need.  Come when you are not in a hurry.  Come and enjoy this delicious, authentic Thai food!
5 What a gem of a place! Family owned & operated. Take your favorite bottle of wine with you as it's a terrific BYOB spot.  We ordered one entree & the ingredients were so fresh & vibrant. The broccoli & broccoli rabe was perfectly cooked & crunchy.  The bean sprouts were large, white & burst with flavor in your mouth.  The chicken plump & perfectly cooked.  They err on the side of hot in their recipes as we had a level 2 & it was a fairly hot flavor. We have both traveled to Thailand & thought we were tough but I caution to get 2 or lower.   We enjoyed our bottle of Chardonnay while we ate.  We enjoyed it so much that we ordered the same recipe to go! As a lighter dessert we got the coconut ice cream with fried bananas. Perfectly delightfully light & sized to share.   The ambience is delicately decorated with Thai artifacts & impeccably clean.  The bathroom was super clean, painted a cool silver & smelled of orchids.  The door to the kitchen was open & I peeked inside & it was clean & everything was in its proper place. I was very happy to see that.     My only question was the audio ambience. There were not many tables occupied & it felt a little desolate that music would fill the vacant space. I remember hearing a little but then it was off.   The only other concern was the clarity of the menu.  My date did all the ordering so I did not browse the menu but he said it was really confusing to the new customer.    We stayed a few hours & by that time there were a few more tables occupied. I was happy to see that.   I highly highly recommend this place.  How we learned about it was on a recommendations from a stranger on a Piestwa  Peak mountain hike.  Thank you kind stranger.
4 Good fresh food in either ala carte of buffet format that is available for lunch most days. This was formerly known as Pete's Thai, which was excellent but which used a high spice level not all my friends enjoyed. Now you can use a seasoning bar with a dozen plus items to season to taste. They are friendly, trying hard and using all fresh ingredients they purchase daily or close to it. Definitely worth a try if you like traditional Thai food and really being able to taste all the many fresh herbs and spices in each dish.
5 One of the best kept secrets in Phoenix - hands down! I don't think I have ever had Pad Thai that good before. Even better, they have plenty of vegetarian and gluten-free options. If you are anywhere near North Phoenix, check this place out!
5 The best Thai food I've had in Phoenix... Well really the best I've ever had anywhere ever. Pad thai- amazing, panang curry- holy sh*t, fried tofu -yes please!   This place is formally Pete's Thai. The new staff here is really friendly and seem really happy to have you dining at their restaurant.  The food presentation is perfect... The vegetables still are colorful and not over cooked. The waitress knew what was gluten free - which was basically everything on the menu. Oh and the plates they use are adorable. Hand painted white and blue china.   Pretty much every aspect was perfection.
4 Great Thai food. I have been here several times since it changed owners. The food is good. A little less spicy with the new chef.  Service is great!! Great for vegans
4 I'm use to eating at other Thai restaurants in Scottsdale and Tempe, this is a true hidden treasure.  Outstanding food and service.  This is one of my top five in the world now
5 Have driven by it several times and commented to myself "you should try it one day." Well today was that day and boy am I kicking myself that it didn't try it sooner. The place was clean, quite and our server was fantastic. I had the chicken pad-see-yew and it was great. The chicken had a nice sear to it and the vegetables were cooked perfectly. The dish had some spicy at a level 2 but it wasn't too spicy and it is great that you get to choose how spicy you want your food. My wife had the Mas-Sa-Mum curry which was the hit of the night. I ate more of her curry than I did of my noodles.  Our server, who I believe is one of the owners, encouraged us to come for one of the buffets to try an assortment of different dishes. She explained that the buffet consists of a large portion of the normal menu not a buffet menu. All in all a great dinning experience and will go back
5 Best Thai food in Arizona. Everything that my husband and I have tried have been excellent. The new owners are very friendly.
5 This place is a true gem, even though it's in the middle of nowhere Phoenix.  Great family owned service, tasty spices in every dish, very cute/quaint setting and affordable menus.  Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants we've tried in Phoenix.
5 If you love Thai food, you gotta check this place out on Sunday for the buffet! Great value & the food is sooo good! I hate to post this because I don't want to have to wait for a table when all of you try it..haha...but this place deserves a lot of business! The staff is friendly & so welcoming!
3 Sufficient for your Thai fix but it's no Sala Thai (32nd St.  just north of Shea Blvd.)  Went there for dinner, so I have not yet tried the lunch buffet. I do plan on giving it a try some time.  They charge for refills after the 1st soda refill, and after the 2nd tea refill. What? That shit costs them almost nothing, you're really going to charge for refills? Seems rather nitpicky and customer-unfriendly.  Decent decor, the food is OK. Spiciness is from 1 to 5 and 3 was a decent amount of heat. I could not have done 4 and 5 must be suicidal. They will bring out a tray of four hot spices if you want to add a dab.  All in all it's... A-OK but I live closer to Sala Thai and I would not drive the extra distance to go here.
5 Hands down some if the best Thai food I've ever had. Pad see yew was amazing. Will be back
5 This place has changed names twice in the last 2 years and i was curious about the new arrangement. I must say the decor is improved over the past, and the food, service and thai iced tea are all still excellent! Its still byob as well. Only bummer is no buffet on saturdays!
3 Review on the buffet. Food is decent. Spicy dishes not overly spicy but oily. Dishes are flavorful. About 6 different curries to try. Not much stuff inside the curry. They had some steamed veggies that I just added to my curry. Also, they didn't refill their stuff often. So there was supposed to be a fish dish, but they refilled the eggs rolls and the fried wonton like twice instead. So you can see what they want you to stuff yourself up with first.    The flavor of the pad see ew was good, but I just didn't like the overly oilyness. Also, the fried rice was not good. Just hard. The pad thai is okay.   No sweet desserts...
5 = = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  Enjoyed a really fun UYE up here today with Monica O., Norm R. and Scott W!  The Buffet consisted of 20 main items and everything I tried was delicious, starting with Coconut Soup with Chicken, Vegetable Soup with Egg and Tofu, and then on to such treats as crispy fried Chicken Won Tons, Fish with Spicy Green Beans, and plenty of other tasty treats.  They opened on time, the service was friendly and attentive, the dining room comfortable and nice, and with only two other Thai Buffets currently open in the Valley it's special to now have this one to enjoy too!     :-))  Lunch Buffet:  Tuesday thru Friday $9.99 from 11:30 AM. Sunday:  $10.99 from 12 noon.
5 I've always enjoyed dining in this location in its previous incarnations and it seems that the dining pleasure will continue with this reboot. The new owners have done a good job with new decorative touches and with maintaining the bright spacious ambiance of the place. My yelp friends Rand, Scott, Monica, and I tried the Sunday lunch buffet and I thoroughly enjoyed pretty much everything I had. I started with mussels in a gingery herbal broth and proceeded to sample each of the main offerings - the flavorful pad thai, the delicious eggplant and tofu dish, the spicy curries, and other meat and vegetable dishes - all very good. The lively young hostess made sure that our water glasses were always filled and the dishes taken away as we went back to the serving area for more helpings. I'm looking forward to literally many happy returns to this restaurant.
4 It was a spur of the moment thing and happy that it happened! I met up with Rand H, Norm R & Scott W to try the Reign of Thai buffet on a Sunday afternoon.  Every item in the buffet looked delish and fresh,  I tried a variety of things and enjoyed them all, egg rolls, chicken won tons, pad thai, beef massaman curry, chicken pangang curry just to name a few.   Massaman curry is my favorite curry, and normally I chose chicken but the beef was good too!  Service was friendly and learned from the server that it was her aunt and uncle who cooked all the dishes.  Sundays buffet was 10.99 and it is very much worth the price! If I am ever in the area again you bet I will be back!
4 So I get this notice across Facebook that some of my friends want to go to the Sunday buffet here in about 2-1/2 hours. I really like Thai.   I had to call my help and tell her not to come in and went off to meet Monica, Rand and Norm.  What a lovely place to have lunch, or probably dinner too.  My favorite Thai dish is red curry with chicken and theirs is very good, with the heat level at medium which I like.  I tried several other dishes and liked every one.  The owners are super nice.  Keeping in mind this is a buffet, I know at least three of us tipped in the 18-25% range because of the quality of food and service and the value of the meal.
5 Omg! This food was so delicious. They rate there spiciness on a scale of 1-10. 3 is like a five at any other restaurant.anything that has spice you can adjust to your taste. It was amazing! Best tai food yet.
5 This place has great Thai food with really good, friendly service. A family operation, they really pay attention to their clients and make their clients feel as if they are guests enjoying a family meal.   Food quantity is large. Definitely watch the spice level. Level 5 is Thai hot, hot, hot and really for the very serious spice lover. A word to the wise....  The fish cakes are some of the best around.   This is definitely one of my regular places!
5 My wife and I love the Tom Kha soup here. They use real thai peppers and Chili's for their spice which makes it authentically flavorful. The pad thai is also made properly with generous portions! And it's BYOB!
5 Super clean, extremely friendly staff, and amazing food. Had the coconut soup, pad Thai, and panang curry and even my two toddlers were licking their plates! Definitely going to try the lunch buffet sometime and next time will bring some wine along bc it's byob.
