1 My god, this is the second appointment Priority Appliances have scheduled with me and no show, no call!!! They don't answer their phone and when you leave messages they don't call you back!!! I DO NOT recommend using them EVER!!!!! Attn Consumer: if a business ( more than a one man deal)  has a answering machine answering their calls during business hours they are a poor business!!!!
1 I hate to be redundant but Suzie's review from 6/16/2014 is spot on.   Priority appliance was assigned to fix our dishwasher by our home warranty company. No one ever answers the phones. You are given a few options/departments to choose from when you call and then you can leave a message but good luck getting anyone to call you back uncles you leave a barrage of messages.   And then when they "schedule" an appointment they call you the day before between 4 and 4:45p and whether you answer or not they tell you they will be there the next day within a 4 hour window and That they will call again when the Tech is on the way and if YOU DONT ANSWER then they wont show up. So you have to literally sit there staring at your phone waiting for their call otherwise if you miss the call it's not like you can call them right back and say you're home. You call them and they never answer and that's ok. They call you and if you miss that call... Well then, too bad for you.   What is wrong with this company????   The most frustrating thing is that we are at their mercy since we are going through our warranty company to get the dishwasher repaired. Otherwise I would have changed to a different company already.
1 I am going to chime in ans agree with everything the previous reviewers said. If your warranty company assigns these clowns to you call them immediately and request a different company! I have had 3 technicians out to our home to repair our dishwasher over 2 1/2 weeks. The first guy said it was the motherboard. We waited over a week to get the part and then a second guy came to installl but he said "oh its just this wire it wasn't the motherboard at all. It's fixed!" 15 minutes after he leaves and we tip him we try it and it doesnt work. I call the tech immediately to get him back and of course he doesn't answer. Then he answers and hangs up on me and shuts off his phone. I finally get a hold of the office and they schedule another guy to come install the motherboard. I wait 2 days and he comes, installs it and says welp that didn't fix it and I don't know whats wrong. Another 2 days go by and now I have to wait for yet another tech to come out. I would have rather saved myself the hassle and just bought a new one... Moral of the story DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!
1 Here is an update, I STILL have NO stove/oven and it's been over  three weeks. I called them two weeks ago just asking for an update and an ETA for repairs and no response. If all home owners would tell their home warranty companies to drop them maybe it would be better. My landlord is contacting his attorney!!!!! I DONT recommend this company !!!! Beyond disgusted and when they actually do decide to show up I won't deal with them. Unfortunately the landlord has to be inconvenienced and deal with their four hour windows and most likely not showing up!!!'
