5 What a great little italian bistro.  I love the pizza's and my wife really likes the lasagna.  It has some really nice wines by the glass and a full bar.  The mood is light and festive with old italian movies projected on one of the walls.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun place with good food.
5 As a disclaimer I have to say that I'm a regular at the family of restaurants that brought this gem to this awesome neighborhood, so I'll try to report just the facts.  The decor and ambience is awesome. The detail of projecting a movie in the brick wall gives the place a unique charm.  The food was as good as the location in Tempe which from my point of view is awesome. This restaurant is my daughter's favorite place as well and believe me, she's not shy to tell what she thinks!  The massive bar is the perfect place to have a drink or a nice conversation with a friend (or date).  The wine list is great and balanced with a little bit of everything to please all kinds of tastes.  Did I mention that the prices are great? Just like the location in Tempe, you couldn't do any better with twice of the money.   Yes, I have to admit it, I just LOVE la Bocca.  Cheers!  PS it's sister location across the street is awesome as well (Modern Margarita). I could live the rest of my life going back and forth from one place to the other.
4 Good atmosphere. Good food. The only negative is the small space. Cesar salad is awesome!
5 Great wine selection and food is fantastic. My husband loved their pasta!  Very cozy and great place to hang out.  Glad we found it. I would go back there again.
2 Great wine. Poor menu and food. I won't be back.  But if you are going for nice wines and  pretty women and don't care about the food, then this might work for you.
5 Loved this place in Tempe, so glad its now just down the street. I can always count on a wonderful Med Plate. Everything is quality at this place.
4 A lovely wine bar and great addition to City North.  Ambience was very nice, great happy hour pricing on wine and delicious fettuccini.  Lots of interesting items on the menu.   Friendly bar staff  - highly impressed.   Will definitely be back!
4 What a transformation from the former establishment this Group has made!! No expenses were spared by the Tempe Ownership Group for La Bocca  for this great City North destination.  This refreshing NEW look spared no expense and what a great feel from the street view on into the wine kitchen set up.  Mark Pope, a revered Valley Sommelier, and La Bocca's Management Team collaborated on Mark's vision for a world class wine experience (which includes a major education of Staff about the relationship between wine and food)  Many talk this talk, yet few have walked it.  Mark is uber passionate  with this mantra and when you add in the cuisine items there are marvelous synergies and execution on this theme.  For those of us living in this NE corridor, La Bocca Urban Kitchen could not have arrived at a better time.  Check it out and connect with Mark to both feel and hear his passion.  Then dance the dance in the ambience with the scintillating food and wine experience.
2 Food not so great, manager/owner very rude Wine selection good
2 Loved the decor wine somalier and manager were very nice. Food was mediocre at best. Did like the med appetizer. Pizza had no flavor. Salad was drab too.
2 Well let's start with " the Mouth" that's what it's called in Italian really but the place does look really nice very inviting , but then it starts the hostess sat us down and waited for over 15 mins. Had to get up to ask the hostess to send a waiter, and our waiter was serving a table right next to us and was at that table twice . So we where ready to order drinks and food. Ok we took our 13 year old son so I ordered and asked if they had a marinara sauce pasta they said yes , my wife then said please make sure it's plain just sauce and pasta  ok  " marinara sauce" is just plain tomato sauce with garlic and basil  anyone that has any sense , well he got it with chunks of cheese and mushrooms and it had 2 meatballs in it but we didn't say anything I got a salad with chicken still looking for the chicken and my wife ordered a pizza with spinach and basil and chicken the bottom was burnt and pizza was dry .  But not to bitch to much if you want appetizers like anti-Pasta a plate of cheese and olives , or bruschetta and wine this is the place don't order dinner. Remember my review this  place will only last year to year and half
4 Dinner work meeting. No frills expected. Seating was prompt and servers very attentive and food was good. All good here!
5 Very nice restaurant and wine bar with many positives. My party was originally sat at a table with couches more suitable for drinks and the hostess and waitress had no problem switching us to a more traditional table when one opened up. The staff in general were nice, especially our attentive waitress and the knowledgable owner. It was refreshing to see the owner be actively involved and on the floor of the restaurant. The wine selection was good and is reportedly growing as the restaurant establishes itself and the food (appetizer, entree and desert) was above average in taste and presentation. The only qualm I have is the noise level but what do you expect from a happening place? Will definitely drink and dine again!
4 Upsides: Great ambience and good wine selection for decent prices.  -Happy hour is seven days a week.  -The bruschetta apps were very good.   Downside: the chicken dinners were just ok . It was described as a breast but had a bone and leg attached. It was bloody near that area, so obviously not fully cooked. Hope I don't get salmonella!   If I don't get sick, I'll come back for drinks and apps only.
5 Impressive wine list (ask for the book if you want a bottle), a sommelier on premises, a limited but extremely well constructed menu, one of the best atmospheres in the northeast Valley (love the moving picture wall art), and top notch service make this a true destination spot. This should top your list of new places to hit.  P.S.  This is a grown-up kinda place so you might wanna call the sitter first...
5 Couldn't ask for a better place to have great wine, delicious food and friendly service. We will definitely be back!
5 Perfect for date night, I had a 50 dollar gift card so I brought my boyfriend here at about dinner time and I'm so glad I did!  The ambience is beautiul, I love high street and it's definitely becoming more upscale. The parking wasn't difficult for us and it was free! (definitely an upside to this location over the mill ave one).  We chose to sit outside since it was so nice out... Our server greeted us promptly and gave us the wine list which is actually HUGE. (Definitely IS a wine bar).  Based on how upscale this place FEELS, I was surprised by how good the prices were. I would definitely check this place out for happy hour if you get a chance.  My boyfriend and decided we were going to split all of our dishes and the servers didn't make a fuss about it. Everything was presented beautifully (see pictures) and tasted great! I would HIGHLY recommend the bruschetta flights! Such great flavor combinations.  Out of all the pizzas, my favorite was the garlic pizza with green tomatoes.....I DIE. I could eat it for the rest of my life. Can't wait to come back here!
2 I was very excited to hear a new place opened at city north. I joined my girlfriend last night for dinner and was super disappointed. We sat down next to a couple who sent back their meal and my girlfriend and I rolled our eyes...then we became those people! Lol We ordered bruschetta and quinoa salad (extra $2  to split). Once we devoured our bruschetta we sat for about 40min realizing our salad was not going to come. The server came back and admitted he forgot to put our salad in...no big deal until the salad came and it was literally the dinkiest thing I've ever seen. You can't call something a salad unless their is some sort of greens in it right? It was quinoa and pomegranate...maybe lemon juice. The server who was very apologetic came back and we let him know how we felt especially after being hungry and waiting 1.5 hours. He took our "salads" and said the chicken caesar was "hearty". We waited another 45min to be just as unhappy as before. The manager came out apologized and brought creme brule (which was the best thing we ate). When we got our bill the quinoa salad was not there but no compensation for anything else.  Sangria: No fruit in it  : ( and usually I don't like sweet drinks but this needed a little more sweetness to it, so it was ok.  Bruschetta: $12 for 4 pieces. The salami, pear, prosciutto, and ricotta were all tasty but nothing spectacular. If I am comparing to Postinos they were smaller and not as  filling. I was still starved after sharing it.  Caesar: No dressing, 2 little pieces of chicken, and it was all croutons. Not "hearty"!  The server was pretty good but overall it should not take 3 hours for bruschetta and salad on a Thursday evening at 7:30pm. I will give the place another shot but I think this location needs to make some changes considering we weren't the only people with complaints. I live down the street and love to support the new restaurants so I hope they make some changes!
5 Came here for the first time the other night, I created my own pizza that wasn't on the menu and put pesto sauce , kalamata olives, mozzarella and pepperoni. It came out perfect and on point! My daughter also got a build your own pasta and it came out amazing as well. The waiter was nice and prompt. Kept our drinks filled without having to ask, took dishes away as we finished. If we didn't live so far away , it would be a regular place.
1 While 3 of us waited for a table, my friend and I decided to go to the bar to order drinks while we waited to be seated.  Every seat was taken except 1 stool.  My friend approached it, to order us a round of drinks. The bartender saw us and I figured he would come back to get our order. Ok 10 min pass, now 15 min, and no one new has come up to the bar. A few more minutes pass and a guy shows up and the bartender starts striking conversation with him. Hello, but we still haven't placed our order, nor does he care to acknowledge us standing there. Our 3rd friend, sitting down waiting for our table, is looking at us if we've ordered drinks and my friend and I make the decision that we need to leave and go elsewhere. Just as we walked away from the bar, towards our friend who is waiting, the hostess had our table ready.    The wait didn't bother us, we didn't have reservations but being completely ignored by the bartender is unacceptable. We were trying to show our out of town friend how friendly Phoenix is.  Not here, take your business elsewhere!
2 I judge restaurants on three key criteria: food, ambiance, and service.   In this case, while the other criteria are worth mentioning, I will start with the service, which was the most significant fail of the evening and thus the aspect I will recall most formidably upon making future dining decisions.  Immediately upon entering, the host asked if we had a reservation, which, as a moderately priced pizza joint in N. Scottsdale which issues LivingSocial deals, came across as pretentious and unnecessary. In any case, my date and I were promptly sat outside in the end of a large high-top table already filled with another party. This would have been okay, but the party was (admittedly so) loud and rather vulgar. They apologized repeatedly in recognition of their poor behavior, but it didn't change the fact. It would have been better if we were being taken care of well by our server, but they had a different staff member. They were eating, drinking, and being merry with a highly attentive member of the waitstaff, while we sat starving with empty water glasses for most of the night without any sort of attention at all (see details below).  After sitting for what seemed like an eternity without notice, our server finally arrived and asked if wanted water. We order still and sparkling, and said we may order drinks in a moment. Fifteen minutes later, we received the water, my date order a draft Nitro Milk Stout (note solid draft beer selections available). My server REPEATEDLY asked if I wanted wine. It came across as a ploy to up the tab, and I assured him that if I wanted wine I would say so (thank you SO much for your attention on the matter).   He left to fetch the beer, and returned again 15 minutes later without said beverage. He took our order, and we reminded him of the stout order. He finally brought it and AGAIN asked if I wanted a cocktail. I declined, again, and that was the end of him almost for the rest of the entire night.   Mussels took about 20 minutes, salad showed up 20 minutes following that, and FINALLY the pizza 30 minutes after the salad. The food was solid, but we're talking about service so I'll get back to that. At this point, the server was simply MIA. Bussers, other servers, and the food expediter did provide us with moderate service (water, red pepper, etc.), but only when flagged down and asked explicitly for assistance.   With that said, a note on food: 1. Mussels: Solidly cooked in a white wine lemony broth. Good texture, but nothing out of the ordinary. 2. Beet salad: Totally delicious, with an excellent balance of three different kinds of beets and a lovely heirloom tomato salad offset by fresh, peppery arugula, a sprinkle of barely caramelized walnuts, and goat chess. It was a subtle sweetness that really highlighted the beets and tomato without overpowering them.  3. Autumn Pizza: So good. The crust was just perfect with a charred crispness on the outside with a light doughy-ness on the inside. Blue cheese was certainly noticeable but well balanced with the roasted veggies and balsamic reduction.    This would be an entirely different review if the service/ambiance matched the quality of the food.   The food was gone, and the server returned to ask how everything was and to drop the check. I had a living social deal, but was informed it was only good from Sun-Thurs. It did not clearly say that on the voucher, but I trust it's in the fine print. That is SUCH a scam, and only infuriated me more after the complete lack of service. The server informed us that "See, we're busy on the weekends so we don't need that. It's slower during the week so we're trying to get people in here."   Well, if they are SO busy during the weekends, they clearly do not need our business. The mussels/salad/beer/sparkling water/pizza was $51, so not so cheap I can overlook the total service fail. They acted as though didn't need our business, and certainly didn't want it. Thus, while I will return to use my LivingSocial during the week, I will return their attitude towards me and not ever return for a third time.  For a failing shopping area hidden behind Desert Ridge (CityNorth, which my date characterized as the post-Apocalyptic urban cityscape), you'd think they'd go over and above. I'll stick to the Mill location, which beats this place on every account.
5 Great vibe, super food and a extra friendly staff!
4 came here on a date night with my wife. Great place and atmosphere for that. It was a little cold when we went(spring), but they have heaters on the patio. Hopefully they have misters too for now. We sat a high top, which is fine, it was a communale high top, so if you want your privacy make sure to request a regular table not a high top. The bruschetta was good, but skimpy, we were expecting something like postino's bruschetta board. Don't get me wrong it was delicious, just not the quantity we expected. We ended up getting two pizzas as well. I got the spicy pizza they had on their menu. I don't remember the name, but it was soo good. They had thinly sliced (vertically sliced) peppers on it which gave it a good heat. Not overwhelming at all (but so you know I LOVE spicy food, so if you don't you probably wont like the pizza).  I don't remember what my wife's pizza was because we both agreed mine was SOO good.
5 This is our new favorite place for drinks for happy hour!  The Bruschetta Planks are amazing and the wine selection is excellent.   I especially like the outside seating.
4 Fun, attractive spot to chat and have fun. Inside can tend to get very noisy so I don't recommend This for a quiet evening. Nice patio.   We ordered the Bruscetta planks, Med plate, and a pizza. Everything was cooked properly, seasoned well.    Wine, beer and Sangria were ordered by our group of 9 girls. White Sangria is a little sweet but not horrible. Certainly refreshing. Others enjoyed the Red Sangria.   Would recommend and will come here again. Staff was very friendly.   Strangely, parking was horrible for a Wednesday at 6:30pm in early June. Definitely Uber yourself over there and give it a try.
5 This place rocks!  Went with a group of friends.  We started at the bar where we got great service.  The bartender fresh squeezed orange juice into our cocktails which we thought was a great touch.  Moved onto wine afterward.  They had an extensive wine by the glass list.  Staff was very helpful in guiding us through selecting the proper wine.  We were all very happy with that.  Food was awesome.  Truffle Mushroom pizza was the best in town!  Overall, great experience.  I would highly recommend making this a regular spot!
5 Love this place!  Sat outside with misters. The service was perfect.  The orange blossom martini was amazing; fresh squeezed orange juice!  We had the brushetta plank and it was delicious.  The chicken caeser salad was perfect.  The two pizzas were delicious - definitely can tell the house made crust and high quality ingredients. The cookie/ice cream dessert was yummy too.  Will definitely be back.
4 Salads and pizzas are great! The atmosphere is very relaxed. Great place for a date or a chill night with friends. One thing I noticed is their wine pours are on the smaller side. Not a huge deal but other than that it's a great place with great food. Oh, I almost forgot... The cookie dessert! It's so delicious. I'll keep going back just for that.
4 I thought I was not going to like this place.  The first time I came, I was not in a very good mood, so I left without trying anything.  The second time, I came with my girlfriends.  We had 14 ladies and we had a really great time.  Service was good and the food was very good.  We had a few pizzas, the med plate and a couple of salads.  My favorite is the med plate, it was hummus, baba ganoush, olives, cheese, peppers, couples of different breads, this is really awesome and big enough to share with a few friends.  Last time I was there, 4 of us shared that plate.  The wine list is good, my only issue is that the glasses of wine are a little pricey.  Most of the ones I can have are over $13, but that won't deter me from coming back.
2 3 strikes up front.......atmosphere TOO loud,  cocktails without garnish (Manhattan no cherry, martini without olives) ,no iced water served as requested....but the food was good! signed confused.
5 First time at this location and in love! Great place for happy hour with friends or a date. Love their wine selection and food. Bruschetta will never be as good as Postinos, but that is impossible to beat! The salads and pizza are delicious. The only thing I miss from the Mill Ave location is cucumbers in my water. That is definitely not enough to change the star count though.
5 Best cheese pizza ever! Great ambiance. Fun and lively atmosphere! Take friends, share, drink wine and have fun! Can't go wrong with any selections!
