5 Used Sheets VIP for planning my best friends 30th birthday celebration for 4 full days in Vegas, couldn't have asked for a better experience. Sheets personally took care of everything and made sure we were taken care of 100%. We never waited in any lines to get into Vegas's hottest nightclubs and dayclubs and had the time of our lives. Best thing was I didn't have to hassle with setting any of it up myself, I just explained the kind of trip/experience we wanted and Sheets took care of the rest, all we had to do was show up. I will definitely be using Sheets to plan all of my VIP needs in the future and have recommend him to all of my friends traveling to Vegas.
5 Sheets VIP is my go to man each and every time I am planning a trip to Vegas. Sheets VIP really knows how to provide you with the greatest Vegas experience. There is no waiting in lines, or worrying about anything really once you go this route; all that is asked is to have an amazing time. My girls and I are treated like royalty thanks to Sheets. So, I would definitely recommend anyone to go through his amazing service, there really is no other way. He makes everything seamless, professional, and fun.
5 I only call Sheets when I come to Vegas. He is always so incredibly professional and makes our whole night a truly VIP Vegas experience. If you are planning a trip here, I highly recommend Sheets if you want a no hassle, no wait night in the hottest clubs.
5 Sheets is the man. I heard about him through a friend and he made this weekend a blast.  He's super-responsive and he took care of all of the dirty work!
5 Sheets is amazing and has helped me have an amazing time in Vegas since I was 21. I've seen his amazing hosting skills too many times to not keep me from coming back. There's been 21st bdays, dirty 30's, several bachelorette parties, New Year's Eve  parties and basically any weekend I decided to go in Vegas- even alone/with family I get treated like I'm famous or something. Going this April 2014 for one of my best friends bachelorette and I already know everything  is going to be amazing thanks to him. (Marquee dayclub daybed/bottle service pics coming soon) :)
5 Sheets is the absolute Top Notch VIP Concierge in Vegas. There's definitely no one else who provides Vegas experiences quite like Sheets does! My friends and I are thrilled to recommend Sheets to everyone we know. If you're looking to fulfill your once in a lifetime Vegas experience without all of the hassles? Go with Sheets!
5 If your looking for a VIP host in Las Vegas Sheets is as good as it gets. Just returned from a trip Memorial Day weekend and it was nothing short of amazing. This is my second time using Sheets and he makes the Vegas experience an unforgettable one. For the moment we got to Vegas to the time we left the service was great. He has major connections in Las Vegas and I highly recommend using Sheets for your next Vegas trip. You won't be disappointed.
5 SHEETS is very professional and accommodating, meeting all of your parties' needs!   I would highly recommend SHEETS to coordinate your next Vegas Extravaganza. Never had to wait in line, escorted right to our parties table, took care of the bottle service and our hostess.  SHEETS thanks again!
5 Sheets made our bachelor party weekend an absolute blast.  Catered our trip exactly to our preferences and had all the connections needed to allow us to avoid the general hassles you can run into in Vegas. He really is the man. I would highly recommend Sheets.
5 Sheets!!!! I doubt he even remembers me now but I've known him from Caesars-Pure years ago! I had to move to SF abruptly for work and never got a chance to say THANK YOU to him for all his help and for being so accommodating when I showed up at Pure with my physician clients.  I hosted a lot of stressful business dinners and events at Caesars. There were only a hand full of people I could always count on and Sheets was one were of them. I wanted to take the time to communicate my gratitude even though that was years ago.  I'm extremely happy to see he is now running a very successful business! It doesn't surprise me though. Sheets was always very hard working, professional and treated all my guests/clients very well!  Sheets, I wish you all the beast and THANK YOU again :) Leena
