4 Taking over in the spot where Russian Passion used to ply its trade, the Bluebird Cafe is bright and fresh, with a menu of interesting items. I sampled very good soup, from a daily selection of four varieties, and quite a good hotdog. Their breakfast menu looks intriguing, with Tennessee buttermilk pancakes on offer. It might be a good spot for a Yelpy brunch visit, but given it's rather small there'd only be room for around ten people, I reckon.  Overall, we said: "the Bluebird Cafe looks to be starting from a very promising position. They have some kinks to iron out, and some menu typos to correct, but I think they have a strong chance of developing into a real local favourite. It's a place that's well worthy of a visit, I'd say."
4 Had a quick lunch in this tiny little cafe the other day. The menu mostly consists of soups and sandwiches, along with some breakfast items like pancakes. I went for the soup and half sandwich combo, which made for a well-priced, filling, and tasty midday meal. The ingredients were all fresh and high-quality. Service was friendly and efficient.
5 When Blythe told me he'd checked out a new spot that he thought that I, in particular, would really like, I got quite excited and resolved to toddle along as soon as I could.  Oh Blythe. You were right, my friend.  Dinky as a daisy and blue as a cornflower, I can criticise this little joy in one way only - that it isn't nearer to my house. Their "soup and half sandwich" deal for £4.95 is pretty breath-taking - if that's HALF a sandwich, I don't wanna see a full one! You can choose the bread type for your butty as well - I went with a tiger baguette filled with chilli chicken mayo and yippity-yum was I glad that I did. Good hearty soup to go with it, too, oh yes indeedy. That, along with a generous pot of tea, hit the spot for £7.15, which I reckon is pretty darned good going.  They also, as Blythe and Julie both mentioned, do Tennessee buttermilk pancakes (ZZZZZIP) so I will be back ere long to have a chompy brekkist here as well.  The menu is presented on a clipboard and the wall is adorned with the simple but rather effective conceit of spelling the name of the cafe in large letters, each printed on A4, popped on a clipboard and stuck to the wall. The only other piece of decoration on the wall is an adorable poster for the cafe's Tennessee namesake, the famous acoustic music club.  Disclosure: I have never been the kind of person who has a yen to travel. Tennessee, however, is one of the only places in the world I have ever actually wanted to go to. And now I feel like I can trot on down there for pancakes any day of the week.
5 I popped into the Bluebird Cafe today on the way home from town, I had spotted it from the bus but hadn't had a chance to visit until now, and I'm glad we did.  On this occasion we only had time to takeaway, we opted for the two specials that were on offer a Pulled Pork baguette and a Chicken and Bacon with BBQ sauce Baguette, both packed full of filling and really tasty.  We also bought one of their massive cheese scones and a millionaires shortbread, again both great. The takeaway menu has a variety of sandwiches and soups so a good choice. Service was great, the staff chatted away and were really friendly, recommending to us the Tennessee Buttermilk Pancakes for our next visit! Which I can definitely say there will be!
3 After following this on facebook, I really wanted to to try this piece of Nashville after seeing the series on tv.  It's small inside, so can only fit a few folk in.   As I didn't have anything to eat I can't really comment on the food but there were a few soups on offer and also nutella banana scones.  They do other things too - they have a menu for that!  They do artisian roast for coffee, so opted for my favourite espresso styled beverage - the flat white.  It came in the typically sized cup for the choosen beverage but no rosetta. :(  - I like my coffee art but this was a blob of froth at the top. :(  The toilet (males & females a like have to sharet his one loo) were clean.    I think if I'm in the area and needed some soup, I would come again as I haven't written it off!  The interior is clean, bright and the staff are friendly too - which is always a plus in my opinion!
