4 While this place is a hodgepodge and its difficult to find stuff because its piled everywhere, the stuff here is all new in boxes at a fraction of the cost of new.   They had toys, camping and sports equipment, electronics, tools, bikes, kitchen gadgets and more.   The customer service was friendly & helpful.  They also have a 14 day money back guarantee and a warranty if its from wAlmart and missing anything. (Most of the stuff is from walmart).    I'm dinging them a star for extreme disorganization. But the prices MORE than make up for it.   I got a train table for my son thats normally $150 for $36!!!!! Yahoo! As Arnold said,  I'll be back!
5 You can find some neat things in this place. I like to watch American Pickers and this store reminds of hunting for items on that show. That being said it's a little disorganized but it's gotten better since the last time we came in. They're reasonably priced place if you're willing to look long & hard.  We grabbed a VERY TINY Charcoal grill from them that we like to use when we tailgate for Nascar.  It was perfect that we needed it and they had it.  It fits about 5 burger patties on it and for $5 it made us really happy.
5 These guys are awesome!!  Open 7 days a week it's like a swapmeet with all sorta of treasures inside.   You can get your kitchenware, patio furniture, electronics for every room, linens, basically you name it and they have it.   I bought 3 TVs here and they have a great 2week return/satisfaction policy.  My first tv had something wrong with the pixels so there was this constant green light blinking, we brought it right back and got the same one but instead of the display we got it fresh from the box.    Today, my boyfriend and I bought two Huffy beach cruisers, a bike rack for our car & a baby seat so or baby can cruise with us!! All that $181!!!!!! Cheaper than target and Wal Mart!!!  These guys are so nice and always give us good deals. If you are ever in the southwest, you have to check this spot out!!!
