5 Stopped in on their opening day where they had a limited menu and brisket was still to be had at 1 pm. I had the brisket, a pork rib and the only side available, Jalapeno cheese grits. The brisket was superb and melted in my mouth and the pork rib was just what I wanted, a well seasoned and perfectly moist and cooked rib. I liked everything I tried but while the grits tasted great, they were mushy being the reason for only 4 stars. It was opening day and I changed, giving them 5 stars on the brisket and ribs plus their service is superb, I can't hold the grits against them as the tasted great but slightly off on texture this day. I have tried their grits at the Farmers market and know it was just an off day with their quiet grand opening.  I love this place and know they will get all 5 stars from me on my future visits but I had to be honest on opening night. I highly recommend Little Miss Bbq and can't wait to try their other sides as well as the beef short ribs. Most that follow me on Yelp know I tell the truth and don't sugar coat my reviews, This place is legit and screams great Texas BBQ. Let me know your thoughts on your visit.
5 They've served food at this location 2 days so far and I've been here 2 days now. Everything on the menu is great. 6 of us from the office went there today and picked up a little of each meat, a couple sides, and some drinks. The brisket is amazing and the best you will see in Arizona. Beef ribs were unreal. The pork ribs were perfectly cooked, well flavored, and very meaty. I wasn't going to try the turkey but after getting a small sample, we ordered a few slices. The sausage was probably the best smoked sausage I've had. The grits were good. They have bottled coke. Service is friendly. About as perfect of an opening I've seen for any restaurant. Of course, they've been practicing quite a bit at farmers markets and various other places where I've had their BBQ too.   Great people, great place. Highly recommended.
5 Without exaggeration this is the most killer brisket I have ever eaten. You can tell the people that work here truly care about their food. I can't decide if the fact that this place is walking distance from my work is a good thing or not. One thing is for sure, I will be back.
5 Finally, "REAL" Texas BBQ has come to the Valley.  As a certified BBQ judge with KCBS I am very particular about my BBQ.  This is the must stop place!  Do not leave without ordering the brisket.  The brisket was moist with bark that was packed with flavor and just the right amount of smoke.  No sauce needed!  Ribs are the best in town.  Can't wait to get back to do the beef ribs on a Friday or Saturday, but if they are anything like the ones they served down at the Farmer's Market, it will be my favorite of the bunch.
5 Food was phenomenal! The brisket was great, and I absolutely loved the jalapeno cheese grits. There is seating indoors and outdoors, we chose to sit outside and it was perfect. They offer 3 different kinds of sauce and we tried the house sauce which was great and the mustard based sauce was just as good. We will definitely be going back!
5 I literally created this account so I can give them a 5 star rating after trying their brisket at lunch today. I'm a bit of a BBQ freak and this was by far the best I have ever had and the super friendly and great service just made it THAT much better. Will definitely be back..maybe even tomorrow!
5 Both the brisket and  the garlic sausage was excellent ..I plan to return for the spare ribs asap. well worth the stop, great people too
5 This little gem just opened and we are always on the lookout for new places to go, especially barbecue. Well we tried a couple times before they were officially open and Scott the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. When we came back after their official opening they gave us samples of their award winning brisket. We were hooked. It's a small outfit and it's really simple. In. Out. Full. They smoke everything outside in a smoker using real wood. The smoke rings are ridiculous on their meats.  Reasonably priced compared to other barbecue joints in the area. This is the best barbecue that I have had. Watch out Barbecue Company.
5 To pile on to all the brisket rave reviews, seriously.  Go get some of their brisket!  All of the meats are delicious but it's my favorite.  And while the meat shone on its own and definitely didn't need it, the mustard sauce is very tasty.  Loved the outdoor patio with the picnic tables.  Plenty of parking. Super friendly staff too - it's obvious that they love what they do and love sharing it with everyone.  Definite repeat customer here :)
5 Little Miss BBQ is in a weird location. It's close to what looks like industrial junk yards and there are a few seedy strip clubs. But get over it and go get some BBQ because this place is serving up some serious meat!  It's a small place and the counter is right there when you walk in the door so don't be surprised if you see what looks like a line out the door. There are tables out back so there's actually a decent amount of room for dining in despite the small building.   I walked in and the owner hands me a chunk of brisket. Fatty, juicy, meaty, yummy. Sold. I ordered the brisket. For sides - cheddar jalapeno grits and beans.  The meat is by far the star of the show here. This was some of the best brisket I've ever had. The bark on the brisket is smoky perfection and the inside is so juicy and flavorful, you really don't even need sauce. That said, their sauce is really good. It's more sweet than spice, although they do have a spicy option if that's your thing.   The grits were good too, could have used a little more cheddar and it would be nice to have an option without jalapenos. The beans were a disappointment. I really didn't like the flavor. Just not my thing I guess. If they could get some better sides and some dessert this place would be even more awesome.  We ended up talking to the owners for a little after our meal. Super nice people. I love it when local businesses have good stuff and the people behind it are good as well. I will definitely be returning to Little Miss.
5 If I could I would give this place 6 stars! Just for the Brisket alone! Sides are all good and portions great for the price.  Would eat here for lunch every day if it wouldn't drive my doctor crazy! Give it a try if your in the area!  Will be a regular lunch customer for sure.
5 WOW! This place is just amazing. The brisket is where they truly exceed, but all of their offerings are delicious. The brisket, though. Holy shnikes. Tender. Moist. Just enough smoke and seasoning. This stuff does not need sauce, at all. Their sausage is a work in progress, but was pretty good considering they are still changing it and improving.  Beware! This place sells out pretty fast, but seems a little slower on Saturdays. I went around noon and was able to have my pick of the place before it started picking up.   I can't wait to go again...maybe Saturday!
5 We had lunch here and the reviews reflect the food as everything was fantastic. Had the brisket and ribs with a side of jalapeño cheddar sausage- all the meats were great. Also enjoyed the grits. Worth the trip if you don't work or live in the area. Here's to a long run for Little Miss!
5 I am acquainted with Scott and Bekke (and Travis) from the BBQ competitions here in AZ so I was anxious to try their new place.  Being that they trounced just about everyone, including my team, I was really wondering what style they'd be serving.  The meat is very true to Texas style, simply seasoned and perfectly smoked.   You can tell that great care went into the preparation of the meat, and great BBQ is ALL about the 24 hours prior to the meat hitting your plate. I cannot recommend this spot highly enough, the first real step to putting Arizona on the Q map.
5 Yummy!!!!! I love a good BBQ. I went here with my friends because I heard the rave reviews. She got a two meat plate and I got a 2 meat plate. We shared and picked off of each others plates. I literally rolled out of there and could not eat another bite all day. The style is Texas BBQ. Ms. NY ( no, "Get A Rope" comments please)  and Az gal here was not sure I knew what that meant 100% but I found out it meant "YUMMY!" (with a capitol Y) and a slice of white bread on the side.  I was not sure I got the whole white bread thing but my friend said they do that in Texas. I was like, "seriously, white bread huh, no wheat? Brawha!   Anyway, the food is very good. The sausages are DA BOMB!!!!!! The brisket, was delicious as well. I know this is going to sound weird but they have the best Grits. They stuff them with cheese and Jalapenos. I could have just eaten a plate of those all day. YUMMERS! The sides were all standard yummy sides like Potato Salad, Beans, and Cole Slaw.  Of course don't forget about those grits too. I dream of those grits. (who knew this NY'er had some southern gal in her) The chili chocolate pudding was so delish too. I am getting into this new craze of chili's in chocolate. Well, maybe not so new since the tradition has been around for thousands of years. However, the way foodies are experimenting with the idea is so much fun! We literally cleaned the bowls out. And when I say, "clean," we meant it. No need to wash those bowls. They are Throw Aways so no fear. We have no shame.    All in all, if you love good BBQ stop by. Come early though since they sell out.  Oh yeah, the owners and the staff are the nicest people EVA. They love what they do and it shows. Another benefit, "BUY LOCAL!"
5 If eating the best BBQ in Phoenix is on your bucket list, you must visit Little Miss BBQ. My best analogy is professional sports. We all love watching the best athletes in the world perform. Yet despite their amazing talent, there will always be a small elite group of pro athletes who stand head and shoulders above the rest. The hall of famers. So you can find dozens of BBQ restaurants in Phoenix. Some are fairly good. Little Miss BBQ is alone, as the premier BBQ establishment in the valley. They are the standard by which the others will be judged. My wife and I have been lucky enough to have visited a dozen award winning BBQ restaurants in Central Texas. Coopers in Llano stood out the most. They serve perfectly slow cooked and smoked brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs, sausage, and turkey. Scott, Bekke, and Travis have been competing in BBQ competitions over the years in order to learn the secrets of creating perfect BBQ. They have succeeded and opened Little Miss BBQ in order to share their love and passion for BBQ. My wife and I drive down from Flagstaff just to indulge ourselves in their brisket and ribs. For me, Scott's beef ribs, which he serves on Friday and Saturday only, are my favorite. Nobody in Arizona has been able to prepare beef short ribs like he has. My wife is addicted to their brisket and we buy an extra pound to take home and enjoy for a couple days. Bring your friends, bring your family. You will be talking about the experience for years. We are so happy we don't have to drive to Texas again, to experience perfectly prepared BBQ. The Mecca for BBQ in the southwest is Little Miss BBQ. See you there.
5 Trying a few BBQ places in phoenix, some are good most are eh.  But When read about this place in phx new times, it seemed a little too good to be true.  Luckily it isn't far from work, so I headed there on a thursday for lunch.  Small place in an industrial area.  Big smoker out back and a line out the door.  Well it is a small place so more than 4 people and it is out the door.  They will need some shade in a week or two when it gets really hot out.  So i opted for the two meat plate.  Brisket, rib with my sides, potato salad and jalapeno cheddar grits.  Brisket was superb!  I was given a taste of the fatty brisket and it melted in my mouth.  I opted for both fatty and lean on my brisket plate.  By far the best BBQ i have had In AZ.  I am originally from Texas so this keeps on par with the good Texas BBQ.  I enjoyed all of it.  The potato salad was good not great, next time I think i'll try the beans.  Oh and they have Mexican Coke in a bottle!  Love that!  Their BBQ sauces are very good but not really needed.  The flavors in the meats are extremely good!  I did use a little sauce after half of my meat was done just to try it out. Look forward to going again soon.  One more thing...the people working there are the nicest people serving food I have come across in any memory I have.  Kudos to them for being so great to their customers!
5 Don't go here.  I repeat do not go.  This is the best BBQ in AZ and I want you to stay away.  Seriously.  If you go messing up my secret BBQ spot I'm gonna be seriously mad.  If you do go, do not try the brisket, the pork ribs, the beef ribs, the sausage, the turkey, or the pulled pork.  Just have like pickles and bread or something.  If you do you're gonna come back and mess up my secret BBQ spot in AZ.  Also don't talk to the owners.  They're really nice people and you'll like them and want to promote their business because it's ridiculous BBQ run by ridiculously nice people.  Then you'll tell all of your friends and they'll ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ.    So what I'm really saying is I already hate you all for making me wait in line for hours a few months down the road once you don't listen to me and ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ.
5 Well...the search is over.    After many miles and years of travel...the tastiest bbq in The Valley of the Sun...dare I say...the Southwest? Well, it's here.  I have to say, before I go on...do not plan on going after 1:00pm...you may not get to try it all!  This place is the epitome of Texas style BBQ.  The brisket is smoked to absolute perfection, the sausage is seasoned cooked to that just right "bite".  The jalapeno cheese grits...well, just eat them and expect to be craving them in the middle of the night!    They have pork, ribs, brisket, sausage, turkey, tater salad, BOTTLED COCA COLA...and...what makes it the cream of the crop...SMILES on their faces as they serve up all of this absolute goodness.    These guys really know what they are doing...no doubt!  The fact that nothing is sauced is what drew me in.  I prefer to sauce my own meat.  (I went there!) and the 3...yes only 3 sauces are ALL delicious! I COMMAND you to try the mustard based sauce...holy amazeballs!  Glorious!  We even got a mini tour of the 850 gallon smoker that they use and got a peek inside of the next day's offerings.    Let's be honest...I could go on for hours about how amazing this place is.  But I will let you decide for yourself...get back to me!    Oh...and if you go...tell Travis that Ella sent you.  However, even though my name is pronounced like Ella Fitzgerald's name...say it as in the spanish word "ella" (A-ya"  He'll get a kick out of it!) I think??
4 GREAT BBQ! I just moved back to AZ from Austin, TX and this is the first BBQ that I have had that can compare to what I have had in Texas. I would say this is on par with "Franklin" in Austin which is pretty famous now.  The only negative I can think of is the wait to get in the door. As good as the food was I don't think I will be willing to stand in line when the summer heat arrives.  Very friendly service!!! Give them a try!
1 For 53 years I have searched for a BBQ restaurant that has brisket that tastes like BBQ.This place had gummy buns and flavorless meat. Not a smoke ring and no smoky taste whatsoever. Evidently it has succumbed to the fad of rubs which makes a brisket taste like lighter fluid. The only seasoning used by BBQ experts is salt and pepper and smoked slowly using a wood like hickory. One sauce was one step above catsup, watery and no smoke. One was super hot which masks other flavors and the other one was to be used on pork mustardy which is the domain of east coast pork. I was very disappointed in the sides too. The pinto beans were watery and very spicy. The coleslaw was flavorless. When oh when. Do I have to travel to Kreuz in Texas?
5 Prepare to be schooled on what BBQ really is and what it always should be when you step into Little Miss BBQ.  Smoked with real wood.  Salt and pepper.  Simple sides. Low heat.  Your search for the real thing outside of Texas will finally be over!  It is true central Texas style BBQ right in the middle of Arizona.  Forget Famous Dave's and even Bobby Q's.    Don't be fooled by the quirky location because it is an oasis in the middle of an industrial area and seedy strip joints.  Scott and Bekke (and Travis, their assistant pitmaster) have really created a place where everything about the BBQ community come together.  They took their expertise from traveling around Austin and several of their famous BBQ spots, like Franklin's, and brought it smack dab to the middle of a place that needed it.   I've been 3 times now and it gets better with every visit.  Get there between 11-11:30 so you won't miss out on anything.  On each visit, they have been making more and more food though.  But you know what?...there's just something about getting there early and lining up for what I can guarantee will be well worth your time. Plus?  The line moves fast anyway! LMB are the nicest set of people and love what they do.  Ask them anything and they'll gladly give you the time of day.  Good service and delicious food?!  Yes please!!  Buy it by the pound or get yourself a two-meat plate, or the El Jefe (brisket, sausage, coleslaw, house sauce sandwich).  Here's a run down of what I've shoveled into my mouth:  Brisket - Scott lets you choose the lean or fatty side of the brisket and you will get a melt-in-your-mouth sample too!  Has an insane smoke ring on it.  Bark is flavorful.  Pork Ribs - Nice and peppery...Includes the short rib too!  Pork - Mild smokey flavor and the perfect combination of juicy and tender  Sausage - Made in-house with a slight kick and perfectly juicy too.  Did I mention I usually hate sausage?  I couldn't get enough of this!    Beef Belly - LMB's special on Wednesdays, beefy and tender.  Definitely try it out.  Jalapeno Cheese Grits - creamy, cheesy, and the right kind of kick...never have I EVER wanted to touch grits before, but these come highly recommended by LMB, so I tried it and brought home a pint during this last visit.  Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood!  Coleslaw - Best I've ever had...this has a tang to it and is nothing like the icky mayonnaise-based stuff served everywhere else  Potato Salad - Red potatoes and the right amount of everything.  Complete opposite of the mushy stuff you get at delis  Beans - Includes brisket.  Did you hear me?  It has brisket in it!!  Spicy and oh so delicious with a smoky taste to it.  No clue what is in it, but does it even matter?!  Get some!  If you aren't wiping drool off your little iPhone or keyboard right now, then perhaps knowing they also have pastrami on Thursdays, beef short ribs (of the Flintstone variety) on Fridays and Saturdays, and even Pot de Creme on occasion for dessert will make your salivary glands realize what they are missing out on!  Go. Get. You. Some!!!!
5 Visited 1st time today at lunch. Why fly to Austin when Little Miss BBQ does it up just right here in Phoenix?  Looking forward to my next visit. GET HERE EARLY, don't delay or you will miss out!
5 So i took the short drive from ASU over to Little Miss BBQ during my lunch break and i must say this is absolutely the best BBQ in Phoenix hands down. Plus you know its good if theres a line out the door 10 minutes to 11am, something you only read about happening in TX! The place is small limited seating inside but for the most part if the weather is nice there's a patio everyone gathers at. The place hasn't been opened long i believe late Feb 2014 or early March. I ordered the 2 meat plate w brisket and sausage w beans(WITH BRISKET) and potato salad, the brisket is cut to your liking and you even get a sample while they're cutting and was cooked to perfection, from the taste of it these guys i think nailed it! Holy cow! This could be in my opinion better then some joints in Texas! I spent a few seconds talking to Scott and he said it's cooked in a custom smoker by R&O in Granbury TX. spending time in Austin was the key to successful BBQ here in AZ. Visiting places such as John Mueller, La BBQ, Franklins helped craft his own take on Texas style BBQ. Don't be scared of the surrounding area its a little trashy industrial park / strip clubs but trust me its worth the stop, the bbq that is! Five stars all the way & get there early!
5 Amazing BBQ. Best brisket I've had since I moved from Texas. Get there early. They close when they run out of meat. Served correctly with sauce optional/on the side. Sold by the pound or 1 or 2 meat plate and 3 sides. Priced right at $13-17 per pound.
3 This is decent BBQ for Arizona. It's nothing close to as good as Texas BBQ. The meats are over seasoned, which mask some of the wood and smoke taste. The sausage has too much garlic and is missing the richness of sausage that you would find in Texas Hill country. The line is also annoying and slow plus it lets in flys that dance all around on your meat before you eat it. Not very clean. This place is good, but doesn't live up to all the hype.
2 After reading all of the positive reviews, I really expected more. I really wanted to love this place, but the food is average at best. I had a two meat plate (moist brisket and pulled pork) with beans and slaw. Considering that this is "central Texas style," I wanted the brisket to be the star of the show. The problem was that nothing on my plate was the star of anything. The brisket was nothing special. It tasted like fatty roast beef. I know that brisket is supposed to have that strong beef flavor, but it shouldn't remind you of deli meat, which is what I tasted.  In my opinion both Rudy's and Texas BBQ House have much better brisket than does Little Miss BBQ.   The pulled pork was worse than the brisket. It was completely bland. There was no smoke flavor to it, and the pork flavor was virtually nonexistent. I'm not exactly sure how pork lacks pork flavor, but there was absolutely nothing memorable about this piece of meat.  The sides were okay. Slaw is slaw, and the beans were unusual but good. However, the selection of beverages was somewhat annoying: They didn't have any freshly brewed iced tea (sweet or unsweetened). Fresh iced tea goes hand-in-hand with BBQ. It's dang-near sacrilege to serve bottled iced tea at a BBQ place.  Maybe I should return and try some different things on the menu. The ribs looked pretty good. But, after my experience today, I'm reluctant to return. That's not to say the food here is complete crap. Little Miss BBQ is certainly better than somewhere like Famous Dave's, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype or the praises of the Yelp community.
5 Great food, great people!  The owners, husband/wife team have a great product and down home service. The owner's father(in-law) is on hand as well to offer help as well as schmooze. A great, simple place...better BBQ then I've had anywhere else in the world and that includes Texas.
5 Ok, they have been open 1 month and I have been back 4 times! The Brisket is always the star but they also now have the Jalapeno Cheese Grits dialed in to a nice creamy texture with  fantastic flavor. The Pork ribs don't need sauce which is the way I like them. The house made sausage changes a bit but all I have tried were great. Little Miss BBQ has the best Brisket in the Valley! Keep up the good work.
4 If you are stuck in the no-mans-land of PHX airport hotels, get over to Little Miss BBQ! Hell, I walked there from the Hilton.  The Brisket is so tender you can cut it with a plastic fork. The sausage is the best I have ever had outside of Austin.   Jalapeño grits are a change of pace and the outstanding BBQ beans are loaded with meat. Sauces are appropriately sweet and spicy.   The owners seem dedicated to quality, no frills, no filler BBQ. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is the pastrami was gone by noon! I can only imagine how good it must be
5 This place BLOWS!!!! the others out of the water. Do I have your attention now.  Please do not go here and get the great tasting BBQ, please don't wait in the fairly short line as it will grow longer as the word gets out about this fabulous hidden gem. Ok in all seriousness.... The food was very and I stress VERY GOOD! I have eaten BBQ in Hill country (TX), Memphis, Kansas, North Carolina and Oklahoma. All good in their own respect. This place is a must. I really don't want to talk this place up as how nice the owners are, the pit-master taking you on the tour of the outdoor smoker or the owners slicing the meat in front of you for a tasty free sample. BBQ should not be fancy.. and this place is not, you are encouraged to eat with your hands. Several items of the day our written down on butcher paper and hung on the wall as you enter the tiny area watching the owner slice down the meats. He is very friendly and gets "it" on how to work the show, feed your patrons on a decent size freebie and get them hooked! Yes he totally understands! Had the brisket which was fork tender and very flavorful. It was loaded with a decent amount of spice. Also tried the sausage of the day... Beef and Garlic. A little on the heavy side and spicy (overall good). I did try the beans and it was lacking maybe a little sauce. No big deal and definitely not a deal breaker, however if it keeps you away and the line short for me well.... No go try this place it is a must. It is in an area of auto body shops which makes it fun to hunt for. The owners really have hit a homerun here. I hope they don't get the itch to expand or fancy the place up. True BBQ comes from those who take pride in the craft, love to feed and interact with all humans and provide you with a very good meal. It is hard for small businesses this days to compete against the chains. I really don't care if I have to wait a long time in line, it just means that these owners have done something correct in this day in age. If you have read my entire review you should really consider trying this place and support this mom and pop Q!
5 Best BBQ I've tasted hands down! Brisket was juicy, flavorful, and you don't need the BBQ sauce! I usually don't like anyone's BBQ except my moms lol. But this place is ridiculously BOMB! Pork ribs...fall off the bone. Tender, juicy and great spice rub! The spicy BBQ sauce was awesome not spicy at all for me bt it was really good! I don't eat grits bt they have this jalepino cheddar grits SO GOOD! Anyone here in phoenix NEEDS to go try this place! So happy my brother took me here!
5 Best BBQ I've ever had.  Owners are great people.  Very welcoming and friendly.  5+ stars!!!
5 My husband has been raving about this place all week! We live on the east side of the valley so we had to wait until the weekend to come here as a family. Little Miss BBQ is easily the most delicious BBQ I've ever eaten!!! We got two 2-meat plates with brisket and pulled pork. For the sides, potato salad, beans, cole slaw, and jalapeño and cheese grits. Every part of the meal was delectable, not to mention the insanely friendly people working there!!! We will be back as often as possible, even though its a 30 minute drive!
5 This place is everything you want in a not just a bbq joint but a food establishment! I had the brisket sandwich,  turkey, pulled pork & jalapeño grits. I have never liked bbq in my life but I had never had bbq done right.  I live in la and this bbq surpassed any ive tried there. What sold me most was the first rate customer service!  The owner Scott, was so  accommodating & personal. He and his father came from behind the counter to check on us and show us the gigantic smoker. PERFECT PLACE!
5 I've been eating here since just a week or so after they opened, and I gotta say I'm hooked. I really have to hold myself back from eating here more often, because it's really the best thing in this area. Everyone who works here is super friendly and quite cool. My advice when you stop by for the first time: make sure your hands are free, because when you walk in and they hand you a piece of meat they just cut, you don't want anything standing in your way. So far I've had the brisket, sausage, and a taste of the turkey. No complaints yet. My wishes: Mac n Cheese and cornbread for sides, but really the meats speak for themselves.
5 Love the name.  Love the place.   In my head, I call them Little Miss Sunshine.  They are a bright spot in a really industrial part of town.   They are a shining star for BBQ, in Arizona and Texas.  Yelp fans raved about the brisket.  I tried the brisket and was not especially pleased.  But I'm not really a brisket kind of a guy.  Give me the pork ribs.   Those ribs are delicious with the right amount of peppery taste.  Didn't require sauce but I tried it any way.  I think that if we poured the sauce on eggplant (I hate eggplant), eggplant would be my favorite food.  This is a Coke establishment  (yay!) with limited seating (just a handful of tables).   I really wish they would add a mac & cheese option for a side.  I'm definitely bringing my Texas in-laws here to try it out.   Last December we went on a small tour of Texas BBQs and Little Miss BBQ can stand toe to toe against any of them.     So really this is more of a 4.5 star place but I'm going to round up for the super friendly service.
5 This place is seriously awesome. I'm a BBQ lover and I'm pretty critical of BBQ places. (I'm sure I have a few reviews complaining about bad BBQ lol). However, with this place, I tried long and hard to find something they could improve and couldn't find it. The brisket is amazing, probably the best brisket you can get at a restaurant in Arizona. Seriously, go try this place now because it's going to be on the Food Network someday and you can then brag to your friends that you've already been there. It's pretty busy, so be ready for a line. Also, be careful not to get there too late, because they sell out just about every day. Just do it, it's worth the wait. Trust me! Try the brisket if it's available. However, I've heard everything is good there. I honestly can't wait to find time to go back and try something else!
5 By far, this is the best BBQ restaurant I have tried in The Valley.  I go here mainly because of the outstanding brisket.  It is amazing.    I look forward to many trips back and look forward to trying the turkey, chicken, and pulled pork next time I stop in.  You need to get here as early as you can because they often sell out.  The food is always fresh and the customer service is impeccable.  The spicy and regular bbq sauce is awesome as well.  The only thing I don't care for is the side dishes...but the brisket makes up for everything!
5 Just simply amazing BBQ meats.  No reservations, no "buts," this is just the best BBQ meat I've had anywhere in the country, including Texas and all of the South.  Show up early, they keep selling out by shortly after noon, as more and more people figure out how good it is.  The brisket can be cut with the side of a plastic fork, and they give you the option to select fatty, drier, or burnt end if there are any left.  You can't go wrong with a mix of all of them.  On top of that, they are super-friendly and inviting.  They treat everyone like family and like the valued customers that they are.  The "restaurant" is just a simple dining area and some picnic tables outside.  You're not here for the atmosphere, you're hear for the smoked meats.  I also haven't tried the sides at all yet.  I just order meat.  Why bother with anything else?  This review is short because it's simple--awesome food with awesome service.  Just go there.
5 The first step to recovery is indulgence, right? I've been trying to free myself of some nasty BBQ cravings for some time now (by eating it constantly, of course), but I swear the hankerings get stronger by the day.  Maybe if Little Miss BBQ wasn't capable of giving dead meat more life than when it used to be an animal, I'd have gotten it out of my system by now.  Seriously, I've had BBQ from at least a six places in the last month, and (dirty, saucy, smoky) hands down... Little Miss takes the cake. And then throws the cake out the window and replaces it with some epic BBQ. You didn't even want cake.  From the brisket, to the pulled pork, to the sauce drippin' down this slaw, all us fans yee-haw. Or make whatever noise is necessary to get more food. The turkey was the best I've ever had - so savory and magnificent - sorry every Thanksgiving ever. The fatty brisket was essentially a chocolate truffle in cow form. I want to try all the creations, and since samples were kindly offered, I'm on my way to achieving that goal.  I ended up getting both the lean brisket and the turkey with heaps of glorious cole slaw and drowning it all in a harmonious yin yang of sweet and tangy mustard and BBQ sauce. I also "helped" my friend out with her pulled pork sandwich. Every bite was better than the last, and then it was gone. As soon as I find stomach space, round II is on.
5 I recently moved from California bay area to Phoenix and my office is very close to this palce. Seeing the big BBQ sign i decided to give it a shot. Parking lot area is small so im glad i got here somewhat early before a lunch rush. The place is small. They have cute picnic tables out front along with there smokers. It smells heavenly outside while waiting to order.  I ordered there 2 meat place. I chose brisket & pork ribs and the 2 sides were beans and potatoe salad. They give you a choice of lean or fatty brisket and i chose fatty. OH MAN IT WAS AMAZING! The brisket was smoked to perfection, so tender and juicy and bursting with flavor. It was the best brisket i have ever tried. The pork ribs were also very good, alot of flavor and super tender practically fell off the bone. The sides were equally as tasty but i wished the beans were traditional baked bean which was what i was expecting.. just my personal preference.   The only reason i gave this place 4 starts instead of 5 is because it cost me $33.00 for my lunch. I am not sure if this was a mistake by the girl who rang me up or it really is that expensive... but if it is i dont think i would regularirly eat here for lunch while the food was excellent and portion size was good thats pretty expensive for 1 persons lunch.  Overall i really liked the place brisket was my fav. I would recommend it. I would however like to know if i was over charged.. maybe one of you regulars on here could tell me the price of a 2 meat plate?  ***UPDATE FROM MY ABOVE POST*** Turns out there was a mistake and i was double charged. Scott the owner messaged me on here extreamly fast and apologized for the mistake he fully refunded me the money and hand delivered it to my work with in an hour of my post! I have to say I am very impressed by his level of customer service. That to me is going above and beyond to keep good buisness and doing the right thing. I will def. be a repeat customer here :)
5 So I've been hearing about this place from every possible avenue and how good it is. We finally went last week. The food is amazing and the people are friendly! Right when you walk in the door you are greeted and offered a sample of heaven. By heaven I mean the best brisket I've ever had, it honestly just melts in your mouth!! I've had a lot of BBQ here in Arizona and this is by far the best I've ever had. I had the Brisket Sandwich which was quite a large serving and I could have easily split it with someone. I can't wait to go on a Friday or Saturday and try the beef short ribs!
5 You don't get better barbecue then this!! WOW! Everything they serve here is done with attention to detail and you can definitely taste the love!  Family ran business!  If you want phenomenal central Texas style barbecue, you need to come here!  Worth the trip wherever you are in Phoenix.    Don't bother going to other spots in Phoenix for BBQ. I've been to them and they just don't stand up to the quality and prices this place delivers!
5 Great tasting BBQ at a reasonable price!! The brisket I ordered was incredibly tender, as well as flavorful. For my sides I ordered potato salad and beans which were amazing. Also the staff was extremely friendly, you could tell customer service was just as important as the quality of the food. I would also like to say Denny gives the best tours! If you're ever in the area you must try this place just get there early because they will sell out.
5 Had the fatty brisket and sausage and grits and beans.   Fantastic!   Get ready to wait in line.  Ownership is very friendly.  Even got to go on a tour of the smoker
5 This place is great.  I visited at 2 in the afternoon, fortunately they still had a little brisket left, and let me tell you it was some of the best I have run into in a while.
5 Whoa. Best BBQ ever and I mean it. And a whole experience. Everyone chats in line, we got a tour of the smokers.... So cool. The brisket is from the heavens...this is the church of BBQ. Well done guys!
5 Many folks say that your first impression is usually the correct one. However, this appears not to be the case with my assessment of Little Miss BBQ. It appears that my first evaluation of their BBQ was wrong, dang wrong. Today, I decided to go back and give it another shot. I'm glad I did because it was nothing short of fantastic.  I wanted to give their pork ribs a try, but they were sold out of them when I got there (I came later in the afternoon). So, I decided to give their brisket a second shot. I told the gentlemen who was slicing the brisket to give me whatever he wanted. He gave me some really nice thick cuts of the "moist" brisket near the tip. The meat was incredibly moist and had a perfect smoke to beef flavor balance. The rub compliments the brisket without over-powering and actually compliments the beef flavor. None of my criticisms in my first review were present today. It was absolutely fantastic.   One the way out, the gentleman tending the pit offered to give me a "tour." They really have a top-notch indirect smoker, and after speaking with him for a few minutes, it's obvious these guys know what they are doing.   So, after going back to Little Miss BBQ a second time, I would definitely recommend this place. I definitely will be back to try other things on the menu and to have the brisket again. So to the pit master and the folks that work there: I've changed my mind; you guys have won me over. Maybe my first time I just got a bad cut of brisket, or maybe my drawers were in a bunch that day. I'm guessing that it was that latter of the two. In any event, I was wrong! Keep up the good work.
5 Best BBQ I've ever had, and I've had lots of BBQ.  Brisket is the main attraction (splurge on the fatty brisket) but the pork ribs are amazing too. Super awesome staff too!
5 BBQ lovers, READ THIS.  I'm writing to declare a new undisputed champion in Arizona barbecue.  I'm also here to declare that this place is BETTER than Salt Lick's in Texas and BETTER than Arthur Bryant's in Kansas City (and yes I have been to both).  And if you've been to Franklin Barbecue in Austin, this place will remind you A LOT of Aaron Franklin's location and his masterpieces.  I'm not joking, I'm not exaggerating, I mean it with every fiber of my being.  It truly is that amazing.  I had read the Yelp reviews about this place and was stunned to see nothing but 5 star reviews from Yelpers.  Even though the place is fairly new, its not often that any establishment gets this many rave reviews this early.  When I saw their Facebook page, I noticed they were sending out notifications to their growing list of fans that they were selling out of their food within 3 hours everyday.  And it only seems to be selling out quicker.  Thats my queue to get here right at opening on a Saturday morning.  The location is as joint as a joint gets.  An old building, with an enormous smoker outside for everyone to see and smell.  They're using nothing but wood to smoke their meats (a mixture of hickory and oak woods).  They serve their meats market style by weight and also offer meat plates with sides.  They don't serve alcohol, but do offer a bunch of canned and bottled sodas and water.  When my Dad and I got here at opening on Saturday, the line out the door was already 15 deep.  Fortunately the line was moving at a decent clip so we only had to wait about 20 minutes to get our food.  Many of patrons we were in line with have already been here multiple times and swear by the place, so that upped our confidence level in this spot.  When you walk inside the owners are carving meats and serving up sides right behind the counter.  Each of them are super friendly and super passionate about their meats.  They'll offer you samples if you want a taste of a meat you're not sure of.  The menu is written on cardboard right above the counter for all to see.  Since this our first time and we were hungry, we ordered a 1/2 pound of everything.  Brisket, turkey, sausage, pulled pork, ribs, and their Saturday special, beef ribs.  They piled on a half pound of each on a lunch tray with wax paper and serve it with white bread slices, pickles and onions.  Combined with a couple of waters, the total for all the food was $60.  Not cheap, but we ordered a ridiculous amount of meat (see my photo) and the owners say they pay extra to get the best meat.  They have a small amount of seating inside, but we decided to enjoy our lunch outside in their shaded picnic table area right next to the smoker.  They have misters to keep the shaded area cool during the warm days so its safe to be out there during the summer.  My Dad and I split all the meat we ordered.  Alright, the verdict on the food.  First off the brisket.  If you've ever been to Franklin's in Austin (or have watched Anthony Bourdain's visit there), you know its ludicrously moist and tender.  My friend coined Franklin's brisket as being "meat cream".  I never thought I could find brisket even close to that good.  While this place might not be Franklin's, its as close as I've ever had.  Tender, smokey, juicy, cuts with a fork and melts in your mouth.  They put 13 hours of labor into that brisket and it shows.  Mindblowingly awesome.  The turkey was also excellent.  Not dry like most turkeys and had a gentle smoke flavor that made it light and flavorful.  The pork ribs were my second favorite meat on the tray.  Fall off the bone tender (I'm pretty sure if I shook the ribs enough, the meat would literally fall off), with a great smoke ring and gentle texture.  The pulled pork was also juicy and delicious and goes great with any of their sauces (my favorite is the mustard sauce).  The sausage was actually a surprise in that it was spicier than I expected.  I think they might've thrown some jalapeño in there or something.  But again, excellent and the smoke flavor is pronounced without being overwhelming.  Lastly there were the special of the day, the beef ribs.  I had never had beef ribs before (even when I was in Texas).  Those things are huge and have a huge hunk of meat on them.  I thought tearing into those things would be a chore, but again the meat comes off easily and the smoke char is fantastic.  My Dad and I were stuffed to the gills when all was said and done, but were both blown away with this place.  The quality of the meat is unmatched by any barbecue joint you'll find in Arizona.  The owners' passion for barbecue shows from the moment you walk in the door.  And they all came out to ask how experience went, whether there was anything they could improve, and they enthusiastically showed us the ins and outs of their custom smoker out on the patio.    Great people, great food, great find.  Be sure to get here at opening though.  This place will only get busier (deservedly so).
5 This little piece of heaven is a hidden gem and should stay hidden...so I don't have to wait on line so long! Just kidding because I do not mind waiting on line for this joint. I am not a BBQ expert, but definitely well versed in culinary arts and this is not just the best BBQ place in the country, but one of the best places to eat, period. The meat is so tender, juicy and flavorful, you don't need any sauce or extras to make it taste good. From brisket, to short ribs, to pulled pork, I have never had BBQ like this in my life. I believe they only serve lunch and when the meat runs out, that's it. They only have a few tables so the line grows quickly and there is a wait. They are located in an industrial area and the scenery is not the best, but none of this matters because of the quality of the food. The staff is very friendly and they do it right. The place if very clean including their handling of the food. I would give myself a good hour the next time I go back. And, waiting in line next to the giant smoker, with that sweet smell of smoked meats wafting by, makes the wait in line seem well worth it and definitely part of the experience! Can't wait to go back!
5 Tried a little of everything.   Pork, great flavor, enough smoke, enough juice Beef, nice crust nice juice, a tad bit too much pepper for me. Turkey, good but not my thing Link, hmm...great flavors in here.  sauces were all great too  Service was awesome, even toured the smoker when I was done.   I give 4.5 star based on price as it can add up quickly.
5 Best bbq I've ever been too. Do yourself, and your mouth, a favor and go. Best brisket I've ever had.
5 Great brisket!!!  Wonderful people!!!!  Get there early as they sold out today before 1pm.
5 If you have not  been to Little Miss BBQ yet, you need to drop everything and go now! I am not a BBQ expert by far, but this place has the best BBQ I have ever had in my life! I am partial to the brisket but have had tried several of their other tasty treasures, (still need to get there for the short ribs). The brisket is melt in your mouth tender, ribs have the perfect texture and bit. The sides include cheesy jalapeno grits are creamy and delicious with the right amount of heat. Baked beans, WOW beans have never tasted so good, they add brisket to them! I like the coleslaw but if I'm going to eat BBQ I will choose the grits and beans first. There is a reason this place sells out everyday.
5 5 stars for the BBQ, which you purchase by the pound. From top to bottom I would rate the brisket (best), beef ribs, pork ribs, turkey, sausage. The meat is all so tender and flavorful with or without the sauces you can add. Only thing that was lacking were the sides. Ordered them all but they lacked real flavor. Would definitely come back just for the BBQ!
5 BBQ HAS JUST GOT BETTER THAN TEXAS HERE IN THE AZ. Food was great. Location the best. Customer Service Excellet.  Can't wait to try the ribs . Brisket and Pulled Pork with beans and potatoe salad was the best I have tasted in years since JD Hogg was open. They sale it by the weight so don't let your eyes be bigger than your belly  .  Enjoy.
5 Easily the best BBQ in Phoenix.  They deserve every 5 star review.  Brisket is good as the best in Texas.  Ribs were excellent.  Just everything about the place.  I would give them $10 just to smell.  Meat by the pound.  One minor quibble.  I like whole ring hot links. But the beans were spectacular.  I was in BBQ coma land for the rest of the afternoon.  Oh, get the pastrami on Thursdays.  It's silly good.
5 This is hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix! Amazing flavors and fantastic people. My husband and I have been meaning to come here for a while, and we're really sorry we didn't try it sooner!! We had The Jefe sandwich with a side of potato salad (awesome!) and the two meat plate with pork ribs and pulled pork, which comes with two sides. We had the beans and jalapeno grits. It's truly worth waiting in line for a fantastic meal.
5 This is the best BBQ in town!  Scott and his family have done an amazing job serving the best Texas style food you will ever eat. The jalapeños cheese grits are amazing and you can't miss the sauces they have too. You have to get there early because the food sells until they run out. If you're looking for a real treat, don't miss this place!
5 We decided to try Little Miss BBQ on a tip from another Yelper whose taste in food is comparable to my own.  It did not disappoint.  We arrived at about 1030 and the cars were beginning to pile in.  There was a line of about 20-25 people once it opened.  The line does move slowly because the owner cuts the meat himself and often gives those waiting in line samples of things they have never tried before.   We ordered the fatty and lean brisket (both of which melt in your mouth), the sausage, and the pork ribs.  We were going to order the beef ribs which they only have on the weekend, but when the owner cut one for the person in front of us, we realized that none of us had an appetite as huge as one of those ribs!  There were at least 4" inches thick of meat on those bones!!   The pork rib meat fell right off the bone and was super flavorful and juicy.  The sausage is made in house.  We also ordered the potato salad which is made of chunks of red potato, jalapeno cheddar grits (amazing), and cole slaw.  All were equally amazing.  I especially loved the half liter Mexican Coke bottles that they sell to wash down the BBQ.  The staff is super friendly and accommodating.  You'll want to be in the front of the line though, because there are only about 6 tables in the inside dining room.  It's not fun to eat hot BBQ outside in the AZ summer!
5 I don't often believe the hype on yelp, but the reviewers for Little Miss BBQ have been pretty spot on.  My wife is a brisket snob having spent years in Austin.  Seeing reviewers say this place is better than the Salt Lick had her sarcastically turning her eyes... so good thing she agreed to try this place!  The Best:  The brisket is definitely their signature piece.  The meat was perfectly tender, and the dry rub gave the meat a delicious smoky flavor.  And here's the real test for tenderness - even after the meat was cold, it was still juicy and tender (some other places tend to dry out quickly).  One of the owners (Scott?) was also extremely friendly and a great small business owner.  Someone in front of us asked how the sausage was today, and he readily admitted that the day's batch was mediocre - a bit mealy.  He even gave the guy a sample to make sure he still wanted it.    The Good:  The pork ribs were pretty good - solid smokey flavor, and very tender.  Ultimately, it was not "award winning" tasty.  That said, these ribs would've been deemed very good had we not already been influenced by the amazing brisket.  The Eh: Pulled pork was good, but lacking flavor.  They have some very good barbecue sauce - I believe home made - on the tables that work very well with the pulled pork.  However, my personal test for barbecue is always how it tastes without sauce, so the lower rating.  That said, the pulled pork was still very tender.  Parking - we got there first thing in the morning on a Tuesday, and I'm guessing many people had a hankering given their closed Sunday and Monday.  I had to circle around for a while to get parking - but the parking opened up just before noon.  Overall - definitely a 5-star place given how amazing their brisket is.  The price is a little higher thank most places, but the quality is definitely way better than anything else around here (including the Salt Lick!)
5 Amazing brisket! Get the fatty brisket plate. You'll thank me. The cheesy jalapeño grits are a must get as well.
5 I got off of work on Friday a little early and I've heard about this place on Yelp before and had to give it a try for myself. Man, right when I pulled up to the parking lot there was at least 20 people in line already. Fortunate enough to get a parking spot without any hassle.   While I was waiting in line they even demonstrated how they cook and where they store their meat. I think I've been waiting for about 30 min. in line and one  of the employee comes out and shouts, "We've got almost a lit bit of everything left and might run out. The faces on most of mine and the people that were waiting we priceless becaue we've been waiting so long, lol.  Luckily, I made it, but they basically ran out of everything except pulled pork, some brisket, beans, and grits. I don't really like grits, but these were really worth the try! The customer serice was awesome and on point. The rest of us even got a drink on the house for waiting.   So, the only downside is that they do run out of food. So, I suggest that if anyone is going to give this little place a try to go early because it's probably one of the best BBQ spots in AZ. I'll definitely be back.
5 Trust me it's worth the wait! We arrived about 10 minutes before they even opened and there was a line of at least 20 people. The parking lot was slam packed before they were even open for 15 minutes. It took us about 45 minutes to get food. People were ordering whole briskets to go.  Between three of us, we ordered one of every item on the menu. Everything was amazing! I personally was a big fan of the grits and brisket with a slice of white bread.  The sausage was perfect!! Coming from Atlanta, we've had great BBQ- this is the best BBQ we've found in Arizona. I'm a fan of Joes too, but this is a different experience. I wish they had a dessert! :)
5 Joes BBQ, Honey Bears, pfff! Those places are a joke compared to Little Miss. My only gripe, is location location location. These guys will do just fine because there are enough BBQ nuts to keep it alive and going strong. But it takes a lot for me to wait in line for anything, except maybe for a .... Anyhow, if you don't mind getting there early and waiting, you'll love the result. These guys should, and I'm sure will, find a bigger more accessible space.
5 Words cannot describe Little Miss BBQ.  Get there before it opens, there will be a small line but I promise that it is completely worth it.    The smells alone could cause you to give up being a vegetarian.  My wife was a week and a half through a two week juice fast when we met some friends for lunch there (I was intentionally tempting her...I'm a a bad husband sometimes).  One smell and she had to have a taste.  One taste and she ordered a platter.  She was just going to have a few small pieces and then give me the rest.  That is not how it played out though...I was lucky not to lose a finger when I tried to take a piece off her platter.  In the end, she ate all of her platter and half the sausage that I ordered.  I love this place!!!  There is nothing like it in AZ.
5 Eat your heart out Texas.  This is as good as barbecue gets.  The brisket melts in your mouth and, much as I want to venture into our things on the menu I keep coming back to it because it's just that good.  Others I have dined with rave about the pulled pork, and the pieces of sausage that I've sampled while waiting in line are in their own league.  Speaking of waiting on line, expect to do it unless you get there well before they open.  Everyone takes it in stride and the food makes the wait worthwhile.  This place blows away any other BBQ place in the Phoenix area.
3 I regret this rating and bemoan my disappointment because I did so want the barbecue promised in these Yelp ratings. ( One 3 Star, two 4-star and 67 FIVE Star ratings to date).   We only had the brisket, moist of course, and maybe it is superior to the Arizona palate.  I am a South/Central Texan where barbecue is brisket and meat is beef.  The rest being mere novelty items, on the menu for the benefit of your in-laws from Up North or for shirt-tail cousins from East Texas and the rest of the Deep South who eat pigs.  I am truly sorry.  I liked the owner couple that served me and understand that she has Austin roots.  My brisket was tender throughout but inside the smoke ring it was bland and flavorless.  I wish them success all the same, but I won't be back.  You folks from New Jersey that like Joe's, Outback, Honey Bears, Daves or Chili's for links, baby backs, pork or (for God's sake) pastrami.....keep on plugging this place with 5 stars.  If you don't know barbacoa as a Sunday specialty, don't even bother trying to rate Texas barbecue; it is beyond your ken.  Central Texans...the closest thing to down home is still Rudy's at I-10 and  Chandler Blvd..
5 The other day I ran across all the Yelp noise about this little 4-months new BBQ joint, and how can you say "No" to trying a place that has 66 out of 70 Reviews at 5 Stars?     :-))  The last time I was here, this was La Canasta Burrito Shoppe, and in my Review it barely earned 3 Stars.  When it closed, Yelp took down all the Reviews, including mine.  So now here we have "Little Miss BBQ."  The floor plan is the same as before, but it's squeaky clean inside now.  Robyn N. and Norm R. joined me for this lunch today and I ordered a 2-Item Combo Plate with 2 slices of Beef Brisket and one large, meaty Pork Spare Rib.  For sides I went with the Cheesy Jalepeño Grits and beans.  Also, a couple of slices of white bread were provided, plus slices of pickle , onion and Jalepeño.  This order was expensive, at $15.  The going price for such a plate of BBQ around the Valley is $11 or less except for $15 at The Barbecue Company's monthly Buffet feast.  It had better be good!     :-O  First off, owner Scott was super nice and friendly.  When we had arrived a little before opening time, we were treated to comfortable patio chairs to relax in and a misty overhead awning to keep the outdoor temperature nice.  Then the small dining room was completely comfortable and OMG, the food!  This was quite possibly the best BBQ I have ever eaten.  Everything was just perfect.  Forgive the homely comparison, but this place reminded me of my car dealer, Earnhart Hyundai of North Scottsdale.  I pay a little more for service there, but they know how to make it a real pleasure to visit the place.  THIS IS THAT, and don't miss letting Scott's dad give you a "tour" of the smoker!     :-))
5 This place sets the bar really high for BBQ in the Valley! I joined fellow yelpers Rand H. and Robyn N. for lunch here today. We made sure we came early because the demand for their amazing food is such that they can be sold out by 1 pm. The pork ribs were so fall-off-the-bone tender and the brisket (I chose the fatty kind) was phenomenal. Jalapeño  cheddar grits and potato salad made perfect flavorful complements to the meats. We haven't even finished our meal and we were already talking about our next meal there, probably on a Friday or Saturday when the beef short ribs are served. So, do yourself a favor and come here and enjoy the best BBQ in Arizona; but try to come early - remember, the food sells out fast.
5 Its about time Phoenix had a real barbeque spot rivaling the best in the nation.  BOTTOM LINE: Get in line. Its worth it!
5 If they can get people in Phoenix to wait 30 minutes outside for food you know it is something special. For sure the best Brisket I've ever had. Been dreaming about it. Atmosphere is great/ family run. They give tours of their smoker area so you can see perfection in progress. Everything was delicious, homemade sausages are friggin goanna kill me they are so good. Can't stress it enough that you must try it. Support your local business! Just get there early before they sell out!  Worth the wait.
5 Best brisket outside of Texas.  Be prepared to wait 25 - 30 minutes in line. When food is this good word spreads.  The brisket is well worth the wait.    The staff is really friendly. There's not much space to eat either.  If you are eating outside make sure to grab utensils and napkins. There's no way to come back in. Once you step outside. Unless you are making the line again.  Lots of inconveniences but the brisket is worth all of it.  Oh and it's not cheap either.  20 for lunch.
5 Small but friendly and DELICIOUS. Sometimes they hand out samples as you're waiting in line, I was almost full by time I got to order! I ordered the pulled pork and he piled this baby sky high. I got to choose my side-sadly no mac & cheese is available. Awesome little place, amazing food, super fresh, and the staff is wonderful.    But please make mac & cheese!
5 Small humble place, with a 20/30 min line to just order if you get there at opening time.  Parking can be a challenge too. But once your there and had their BBQ, worth the wait!   They often close before the stated closing time due to running out of food. It's smoked to perfection daily so they can't stock up for an unpredictable crowd.   Just plan your lunch time to allow for the wait and enjoy the food when it's your turn. It's worth it.  Yummy BBQ and it's operated by the owner who's competed nationally in BBQ cook offs for over a decade.  It shows!
5 Store opens at 11. Came at 1pm.  Sold out. Came back next day at 11 am. Waited 45 mins in 108 degree weather. Worth it. The owners are beyond friendly. Got a tour of the smoker and how the owner started his business. Was told his brisket won west place in state. I didn't know beef could taste like what I had today. I tried every type of meat. My boyfriend was a huge fan of their turkey. My favorite was brisket and pork ribs.
5 I would kill for this brisket and then request it for my final meal on death row. In fact, I would kill myself if I found out the good Lord above served this in heaven. The cheesy, jalepeno grits are also incredible.
5 If you love great BBQ then you have to eat here. Bar non this is some of the best bbq anywhere!  Make sure you come early and prepare to wait in line because they are always packed. This is a can't pass up experience!  5 stars!
5 This BBQ is the best I have ever had. I am from Fort Worth Texas and until today Railhead was my number one place. Sorry FTW hombres.  This is a passion for Scott and you can tell. Get there early as they run out fast. Also, the grits are a must!!!!  A quiet and non descript building but full on down home seriousness awaits you inside. Have fun and enjoy!!!!!
5 Man what can I say about this place that will convince you fellow yelpers to try it and not be steered off by the line. It is absolutely incredible. Got there about 11:30 on Saturday and parking lot was jammed. Line was wrapped around the building but I was preppared having read the reviews before going. it moved pretty fast. Got to the door in about 25 min. Once I got close to the door they announced they were running out and had only briscuit and sausages. I came here for the ribs but was still determined to get my hands on something. Got the briscuit with jalapeno cheese grits and bbq beans. Let me just say the food is amazing and well worth the wait. Meat was smokey and juicy. Best briscuit I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and get the ribs, I realize I have to get in line just before they open to get what I want now. Definately will be back. You are short changing yourself if you don't try this
3 I want to be clear.  My review is not about the barbecue. The 'que is great.  When you can get it.    The first time I stopped by I stood in line in the heat for 20+ minutes.  Was glad to finally get inside and get my 'que and sides and I really enjoyed them all.  Probably some of the best 'que in town.    The problem is..they run out.  And you never know when they are going to run out.  You could drive over there and the 'sold out' sign is already hung on the front gate.  That's what happened the 2nd time I went by.  A hour after they opened, they're out?  I've eaten a lot of great barbecue, all throughout Texas, the south, the midwest...All seem to be able to have plenty of quality meats and sides available during open hours.  Most restaurants seem to manage their food that way.  Running out is the exception rather than the daily pattern.    This food is good.  The thing is I'm just not willing to drive over there again on the hope there might be some meat still available that day. It's not that good.  It's like playing barbecue roulette. This ultimately may damage their business model. Nobody continues to go to any restaurant where in your mind your already know they might be out of what you're looking for. Ultimately consumers faced again and again with that situation will got someplace where they know there will be food and they can sit down and have their meal.   I'll settle for some pretty great 'cue at some other places around town...that always manage to have plenty no matter when I get there.
5 Today was the first time that my bf and I decided to eat here. My bf was looking for a place for Father's Day and saw all the food reviews on Yelp. He read that you need to come early and thankfully, we decided to come 20 min early before they opened. The location is in an industrial area, really close to the airport. The parking lot is pretty small so that's another good reason to come early. We were within the first 15 people in line. The line does move a little bit slow but it is worth it!! First off, everyone who works there is incredibly friendly and you could tell that no one minded waiting. We were able to sample some of the brisket and sausage before choosing. Everything is cut right in front of you when you tell the guy what you want. There are a few tables inside and there is a shaded area outside to eat. If you do sit outside they do have misters. You can order the meat by half pound or get a meat plate with a couple of sides. I decided to get the 2 meat plate with the brisket, sausage, coleslaw, and jalapeño grits. The sausage is a little bit spicy but next time I will just get the brisket. It is to DIE FOR!! They were so juicy, tender and just melted in your mouth. And.. the grits were really yummy! It had the right amount of flavor. I'm usually not a fan of grits but this will be a must every time. My bf also got the ribs and loved it. He said this was the best bbq he has ever had and is already talking about taking his dad. This is definitely a hidden gem!
3 Maybe I had my hopes too high going into this place due to the glowing reviews, but this place was just ok to me. We got there right at 11 when they open and there was a hefty line. Why is the line so long and moves so slowly? The owner individually cuts meat for each person...this is nice and all... but maybe during the summer he may want to consider streamlining the process? Just a thought. And yes, the owner's dad was charming and took us on the tour of the smoker... which we enjoyed, but caused a little stress as our spots in line inched towards the door... we had been waiting in the heat for a long time and didn't want to lose our spot. Anyway, we made it back to our spots as we entered the door. Great. We sampled the brisket.. it was very tasty and tender. Get up to the counter... Our plan was that we would get a 2 meat plate and a sandwich to share with our two meats being the brisket and the (special) beef short rib. Ordered and was informed that the beef short rib didn't come on the plates.... umm, maybe you should disclose this prior? Maybe I missed it, I dunno. The owner said 'Look how big this is, it can't go on the plate!' I guess, but most of its bulk was the bone... the actual amount of meat was not that large. Regardless, we ended up getting the two meat plate with pork rib and brisket (sides: grits and beans), the pulled pork Jefe sandwich (pulled pork, sausage, pickles... we got it without slaw), and a beef short rib (that's why we came, right?). The total? 40$! Whoa... that's some expensive BBQ. Some of the food was very good and others did not live up to expectation. The short rib was good, but had a bit of a burnt flavor. The pork ribs were pretty boring... no sauce... the sauce they have on the table was not very flavorful and the meat didn't fall off the bone... kind of a meh dish. The brisket was good, as previously stated, very tender, but a bit peppery. The grits were gluey and not spicy enough for being billed as 'jalapeno' and the beans were nothing special either. The sandwich was the stand out dish. The pulled pork was very good, I didn't love the sausage, but the pork and the pickles with some sauce made for a tasty sandwich. I don't know that I would be back anytime soon, but if I did, I would get the pork sandwich and be done.   PS I ate so much meat at this place, I'm pretty sure I got the meat sweats, so be careful! Haha.   Happy eating Yelpers!  PPS - I got this response from the owner here, which I think is really awesome. Nice to know some owners can look at their business and make small changes to improve! Thanks Scott!  'Thanks for coming in to check out our little barbecue place and for posting a Yelp review. I'll be honest, three stars isn't what I like to see but after reading your review I get it and we are going to change a few things. This week we are going to make sure that it's easy to see on the menu that the beef rib isn't included with the plate. I wish we could add them to the plates but my cost on each one is around $12. I'm also going to tweak my cooking method tonight to hopefully not have them get that burnt taste. For some reason, they took forever to cook and I think it dried out the meat a little and gave them too much smoke.  Right now we have tons of people ordering very large orders right when we open and the line stands still while that happens. We are adding another smoker in the next two months and will advertise that we take bulk meat to go orders for pick up prior to open. Our hope is that it will alleviate the wait when we are putting together those orders. I'm sorry about the grits, every now and then they get a little dry and become gummy. We now have a little cup of water nearby to make sure that that doesn't happen.    Once again, thanks for coming in and thanks for your input. It has been beneficial.'
5 Love Little Miss BBQ!!  This is the smoky, tender, fatty goodness of my dreams.  I have eaten in and taken it home in massive quantities and either way it's amazing.  2 pork ribs is enough to fill up a linebacker, add some beans loaded with meat, some slaw and white bread to soak up the juice.  In addition to the ribs we've had brisket and turkey, they ran out of the beef belly just as I got through the door but it didn't matter since nothing here disappoints.    I thought I'd get there when they open to avoid the crowds...wrong, that's when it's most crowded with BBQ addicts.  Later in the day wasn't so bad but perhaps you risk not getting what you want.  Follow them on FB and you'll know when they are "sold out" each day.
5 It was amazing. I am from Tennessee and always looking for good BBQ in Arizona. I now have found it. Some of the best brisket ever. I can't say enough good things. The slaw is awesome. The portions are great. I love the house sauce. Definitely going back and taking the family.
5 Where's that darn bandwagon?  Oh, there it is.... wait wait... hold on, wait for me!  I am getting on it!... slow that wagon down so I can jump right on it... ok.. there. I'm on it.. I'm taking a seat... whoopie... I'm enjoying the ride.  There is not much more I can add to the mountain of 5-star reviews.  This is THE best BBQ in Phoenix.  It just is.  I knew this from first taste.  The owner's dad confirmed it when he told me about how many awards they have won in BBQ competitions.   FYI:  #1 LMB posts on their Facebook page when they've sold out.  You can also call to see if they are sold out before you come.  This place cooks the meat for 12 hours!  This is not something you can decide to cook at 9am and it be ready at 2pm.  Call them.  They are so nice when you call on the phone.  They understand, you want BBQ... they want to sell BBQ to you and they want you to be happy.  CALL!  Check Facebook,.... I have done these things.  #2. I want to point out that ribs that are cooked properly DO NOT FALL off the bone.  They will pull off cleanly, but won't fall off.   Trust me on this.  I love the fact that ALL of their meat is served dry and without sauce.  Their sauces are delicious.  Add your sauce if you like it, but if you don't like sauce, like me, then you can enjoy flavorful meat and not have to complain about a sauced meat (which is usually using sauce to cover up a lack of flavor in the dry meat).  I may be misquoting the owner on this, but they intend to specialize in absolutely delicious generic BBQ - meaning..... you can eat it with or without sauce and still enjoy.    #3. I have tried EVERYTHING they cook here.  My top 3 favorites are. Fatty Brisket Sausage Pulled Pork Lean Brisket Beef Rib (more like a Flintstone sized piece of meat.  You get this on Fri/Sat ONLY)  Sorry LMB, my dad still makes the absolute best BBQ pork ribs I've had in my life.  But LMB makes the best brisket I've ever tasted.  Ok, So that was five.  But you get the point.  Go here... EARLY.  There will likely be a line.  Be prepared.  Enjoy.
3 First off the food was good...I ordered a 2-meat platter with Brisket and Pastrami.  The pastrami was a bit over fattened yet the brisket was fall-apart cooked.  Served cafeteria style you would think the line would move quickly.  We go there at 1030am for 11am opening and the line was already 25 people deep.  Some 45 minutes later we were up to the serving counter.  The question is whether it was worth the wait...I dont know, I probably wouldnt dedicate that much time to a line again as there are almost as good Que nearby without the lines outside.  Why did we go so early?  They have a small smoker so they sell-out everyday often not making it through lunch.  So decent Que but take away the fatty pastrami and the long lines I think there's better places.
4 Been here 5 times now 3 times were really good and couple times the meat was off a little but that's the way it goes with bbq. I have lived in Austin so I have been able to have some of the best bbq in the country.  This place isnt quit Franklin BBQ but seems to be following the same business model. Even the sauces are in the same type containers. Summer will tell for this place as I would not want to wait in the heat that long. The owners seems to be very social media savvy, and are very nice and friendly. I would suggest that they not let people hold tabels without having food. I was there one day and some older lady sat at a table and her husband was about 20 deep outisde the building. If you go there and they are sold out try Texas BBQ House, they have very good Q too and you dont have to wait outside.
5 Recently opened BBQ joint... and very delicious. Lines are long, so get there early!  Between the 2 of us, we ordered the following: - Pastrami - Beef Brisket - Pork Ribs  Enough for another meal.  Delicious!
4 The folks that work here are awesome and really make this an experience. Don't come if you're expecting a quick lunch. I arrived around 11:10 on a weekday and waited about 45 minutes to order. They let you sample all the different cuts before you make a decision.  Most of the bbq was pretty good, but didn't reach "my eyes rolling back in their sockets" amazing which is what I expected after these reviews.  The pastrami was very dry and salty. Fatty brisket was the best cut for me followed by the sausage of all things. The sides tasted like they had been cooked and were sitting out for a while - not impressed. Overall, Little Miss is worth checking out at least once. For me, it wasn't above and beyond some other local offerings....and definitely pales in the nationwide bbq hunt.  Seems like they've got a good following though so my chip in the reviews shouldn't hurt too much.
2 If you like expensive, fatty BBQ, then is the place for you.  After reading all of the gushing reviews for Little Miss, we decided to give it a try. We were third in line and the 25 minute wait wasn't bad. When we got inside the place, my wife looked at the menu board and went "Oh No". The prices were quite high, a two meat plate with tax was over 16 bucks $16.00+. We both ordered lean brisket and a rib plus 2 sides.  To be fair, both the brisket and rib was tender but since they wrap the brisket and ribs in either butchers paper or aluminum foil and put them in a warming oven before carving, a leather boot would be tender.  Both cuts were loaded with fat. I do not mind some marbling on my BBQ but this was over the top with fat. The meat itself was bland. No slight flavor from the dry rub or the hardwood.  Personally, a bit of crusty bark on "Q" does a lot for the flavor. Little Miss is a step above, Rudy's, Honey Bears, Dave's and Can't Stop Smokin BBQ but price wise any of those places are a better money value. Would I return to Little Miss BBQ? No!
4 I got lucky to get my beef rib which they ran out right after I got my order. What a luck.   This place has become one of my favorite places. Absolute changed my mind about BBQ after visiting Little Miss BBQ. The meat was so juicy, just the way I wanted it to be.   When I got here it was a little crowded, even though I arrived by 10:30 I had to wait like 20 minutes. That is pretty much a long wait, however reading others reviews I think I'm just OK with my wait time. Feel really sorry for those who waited more than 40 minutes. I'd rather cook my own BBQ at home. Make your own conclusion on when to arrive, but the food is absolutely amazing. Worth the wait time though..
5 First time here. My boss recommended this place and raved about the reviews. As a backyard BBQ participant I appreciate the art. Some might not be a fan of waiting in line and an ending amount of food but I get it.   If it's right, good, and prepared properly who cares if if runs out!  Get here early and get it fresh!  The brisket is the bomb!  Some of the best I've had. Great mixture of heat and salt with every bite melting in your mouth. No dryness or tough chew. Well done pitmaster.   Good choices of sauces on the table but my favorite is the mustard sauce. I'm a sucker for it. Although several choices of the menu were unavailable upon my arrival, if they are half as good as what the brisket and beans were the line should be twice as long.   Get down here Phoenicians and taste real BBQ.
5 Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix!  Great hole in the wall place with awesome, friendly owners. The brisket fell apart, the pulled pork and homemade sausage were outstanding and the sauce out of this world. This is a must visit place!
5 The place to go to! Hands down the best BBQ in the Valley. Be prepared to wait a good 20min but it's totally worth it. Food is killer!
5 Well I was lucky enough to try out this gem of a BBQ joint. All I can really say was WOW! Hands down the best BBQ in AZ. I've had BBQ at a lot if places throughout the south and in Texas and this is great BBQ!  Little Miss BBQ is located in an industrial area off of University. I'm real lucky that my buddy's mustang shop is located right down the street so this will dif not be my only time visiting.    Once you park you are immediately hit with the smell of smoking meat.  Again WOW. I knew I was in for a great. We came around 1:15 in the afternoon and called before hand to see what they had left. They had brisket, pulled pork and sausage links. By the time I had called and arrived which was no more than 10 mins, they had sold out of the sausage. The employees, were super nice, later found out the owner actually was the one that cuts the meat. I ended up ordering a brisket sandwich with jalapeño grits.  Great sandwich, I topped it off with some BBQ sauce found on the table.   Overall I was super impressed with Little Miss BBQ. I want to go back as so. As possible to try more of their meats. They sell out quickly...as other popular BBQ shacks do in Texas. I really wanted to try their turkey and pastrami next time. Listen to fellow Yelpers and get there early!!!
5 Simply the best in Phoenix.  End of argument.  Now, I'll qualify that statement by saying that I grew up in Texas and have had some good BBQ along the way.  Little Miss would easily be able to hold her own in my home state.  Their brisket is worth the wait, no matter how hot. The ribs are a close second. I haven't tried the pulled pork or the short ribs, but I'm told they're awesome.  Warning: Go before 1:00 PM if you want a full selection b/c they will run out of meat given the popularity of the food.  If you get there and they are sold out, don't give up.  Just come a little earlier next time. You won't be disappointed.  Full disclosure: I'm not in love with the sides, but I'm certain they'll get that right over time.  It's hardly a reason to avoid the place. Meat, pickels, onions, bread, something cold to drink...what else do you really need.  Enjoy and save me a spot in line!
5 They are so deserving of 5 stars...  I have had the Salt Lick BBQ Driftwood TX, Tom's in Gilbert, Can't Stop Smokin' Chandler, Rudy's (Chandler, El Paso, Austin) and many more across the country and I can honestly say that I have NEVER, NEVER, NEVER had a brisket as absolutely delicious as what I had for lunch today.  The cheddar grits are mouthwatering.  I am already planning my next visit.  So glad that my company's office is located a few blocks from this place so I can visit often.
5 Having driven by Little Miss nearly every day on my way to work I finally made good on the promise I made to myself that I would eat there.  Of course It wasn't a secret by that time with a ton of great reviews already on Yelp.  Still, I feel the need to say that it was pretty much the best brisket I've found in my time in the Phoenix area.  Tender.  Tender.  Tender.  For just under $12 I got a healthy-sized sandwich of delicious smoked meats, a bottle of Mexican coke and a side of potato salad.  I don't remember ever having barbeque as satisfying as this for less money.
5 I reiterate "Simply the best BBQ in Phoenix...end of discussion". I have taken several people to LMBBQ, and each one, with no prompting or set up, has said basically the same thing when Scott (the proprietor) gives them a sample of brisket. They have said either "Oh my" or "Oh my God", without exception. Happened again today. That is remarkable and a better review than all the flowery language one can muster. This is great Q.   Keeping smokin' that delicious meat Scott.
5 Wow my second visit and just as amazing. BRISKET oh the brisket they do it low and slow. Meat has a 1/4 inch smoke ring. Pulled pork is amazing one day I will get in early enough to have some ribs. Thank you thank you pitmaster. Get there early they sell out most days by 1:30 it's that good. I do know good bbq Oklahoma Joes, Arthur Bryants, Kruez market; Louie Mueller, Salt Lick, Rendezvous, interstate bbq the list goes on and on lil Miss bbq your up in the top echelon of bbq. Thank you for serving your cue.
5 I am hesitant to write another glowing review because there is already a 30 minute wait to eat here but the owners and their family were so nice that I feel compelled to spread the word.   I have eaten at many (many) BBQ joints throughout the US and nothing has come close to the brilliance that is the fatty brisket at Little Miss BBQ.   The pulled pork was also delicious and the turkey was moist and flavorful. I highly recommend both in addition to the heavenly brisket.   The only negative I could find is the high prices but you get what you pay for here - absolutely wonderful BBQ!
5 Best damn BBQ in AZ! The brisket was awesome. The beef ribs was awesome! The pulled pork was awesome! The sausage was awesome! The sauces were awesome! Can't wait to go back and try the pork ribs!
5 I hate when this place is closed. This is the best BBQ I have ever had from a commercial establishment. Using commercial lightly because the staff working there are phenomenal, they're kind, talkative, respectful and can toss around a few jokes if you are willing. EVERYTIME I come in here I leave with a smile in anticipation for what my taste buds will endure. The parking can be tight but the service is fast and I've never had a problem getting in and out.   The only think I hate about this place is the hours. Tuesday-SAT 11-4 i'm at work. And the days I want you the the most they are closed. I guess that is a good thing, otherwise I wouldn't be eating so great. I feel bad for the people that work near here and have to smell that goodness everytime they fire up those grills!  Bravo little Miss BBQ, now I can't get satisfying ribs without walking through your door.
5 Smoky and well spiced brisket sandwich was incredible. I ate mine this last time with out sauce and I was amazed at the flavor and rub that they used.   My very favorite is the jalapeño cheddar grits. They are spicy and smooth.
5 If you enjoy fantastic BBQ done the right way, then look no further than Little Miss BBQ! My fiancé and I came in for lunch, and were excited based on the previous Yelp reviews... Everyone was right. I ordered a two meat plate with the brisket and pork ribs. The brisket had the most intense bark I have ever tasted. It had a great smokey flavor with more juice than a man can handle. The pork ribs are equally delightful.  My finance also ordered some pulled pork which was some divine swine. The sides were equally on point with jalepeneo cheddar grits, baked beans with tons of meat, and potato salad lightly dressed to perfection. If you want to try the sauce you will continue to be impressed. All three offering are delicious with the spicy being my favorite!  I will be back and I hope the rest of you stay away for my own selfish, brisket eating needs. 5 stars with an emphatic yes, yes, yes!
5 The owner actually sold me a smoker in his previous life. I didn't even know this was his place. I didn't recognize him. At the end of meal he remembered my name.. I told him this was the first restaurant in Arizona that makes better bbq than my backyard smoker. They do well in competition bbq circuit and their rubs sauces and meat is out of this world. I came in before we realized we knew each other and he forced me to try everything they had left...which wasn't much late in the day. Everything was so good but after the sampling I went with the brisket.  Bark flavorful. Nice smokering. Nice moisture.  You aren't going to find better bbq in arizona and I know bbq. They need to setup other places valley wide and start dinner service...I would never smoke my own meat again. Very friendly staff and great vibe. selfishly I want this to remain a secret but it's clearly not anymore and I wish the nice owners all the success in the world.
