5 Veronica used 15 vials but made it painless. So glad I picked this location. Fast friendly front desk service in and out in 1hr15 with no appt!
1 I am SO very disappointed in Quest D over all.  I went there to get blood work done and I recently got a new medical insurance.  When I got there and the lady who was looking at of my insurance card she asked the lady behind her if they take this certain insurance.  The lady said "Just make a copy of the card".  I thought that was pretty rude and odd.  I ended up going back again the next day for more blood work for another doctor.  I get these two bills in the mail from them down the line and almost fell over.  I called my insurance company to see why these bills were not paid.  To find out that my insurance does NOT cover for Quest D ONLY LabCorp.  Do you think the lady at Quest D would have been kind enough to tell me this?   NOT!!!!!  So now I am stuck with a bill a little over $2,100.00 and you know what they can do with these bills that I am not going to pay because of their error?  Put it where the sun does not shine.  They just figured I would pay for it?  Not in this lifetime.  So whenever you go to get blood work done and you have a new medical insurance call your insurance company first to see which lab place covers you. Trust me I now know from experience.  It is a sad situation when the employees are not willing to help you our as a courtesy.
1 Just don't go!  You'll not only be saving yourself aggravation, you'll be making a statement that as a consumer of health care services, you're not willing to put up with less than professional behavior.  I can't think of a time in a health care facility of any sort when I've been treated with less regard.  The staff at the front desk is thoroughly without empathy, and completely lacking in professional demeanor.  That is to say, abrupt and bossy.  One of them would only tell me to sign in and just wait...wouldn't even let me get a question in, while another at the front desk sat there and stared daggers at me, with an expression that I was something she had scraped off her shoe.   I get it, Quest, it's about money and keeping labor costs down by hiring at the low end..  I will tell every doctor I know, and friends to avoid Quest whenever possible.
