5 My husband and I were looking to go out to eat downtown after his gig and thought we would check out the new restaurant next to the Turf...Pomo.  Well.  Guess not.  They were closing at 11 and we were ready to eat and drinka nd hang out on the patio.  SENS, why did you MOVE? I don't like the new patio you have...sorry...  I digress.  Anyhow, as the story goes, we were standing around thinking maybe we would have an amazing rum drink at Breadfruit and then we heard music.  Did I mention my hubby is a musician?  LIve music?  In this  building?  Wow...let's check it out.  We head towards the back to what is now called "Squash Blossom" and wondering to ourselves "didn't the big sign outside say Breakfast and Lunch only?"  Hmm...this is promising...  And it was amazing. It was like walking into another world. The seemingly boring back space that was impossible to fill when it was the PastaBAR is now hopping and I mean - HOPPING with people listening to latin music and dancing and drinking and loving life.  We had to be part of it...so we waited for a table to open up and snagged it and ordered late night eats and drank fun drinks that we had NO IDEA was in them and listened to live music and had a BLAST.   Everything is in Spanish, even the name...which we quickly realized was a Spanish version of Squash Blossom (who they share the space with). Brilliant (I love stuff like that). We were served by no less than 4 folks (primarily a fellow named David who was so charming!) who hovered over the tables like bees on flowers.  It was skillful and terribly flattering.  I loved that they cared. They asked for feedback on the amazing guacamole and offered suggestions on some fun drinks.  They asked us to come back again.  Who does that?  REALLY who does that?  They came by, shook our hands and looked me in the eyes and said "we would love it if you came by again and joined us for dinner, thank you for coming."  Honestly, ithis was one of the most remarkable experiences I have had in Phoenix.  The unique food and drinks as well as the lovely service and amazing patrons of this "Latin Lounge" made us feel perfectly at home - even though we don't know how to salsa or speak spanish.  The music was wonderful, the band was fun and upbeat.  And for you single folks, there were plenty of tables of ladies and some swarthy good-looking men to meet as well.    I would definately check this place out...we plan to go back for dinner very soon! What a find....
5 So glad we found this spot. Really good food and drinks. Coming back tonight for the live Latin music.
5 Squash Blossom is closed, replace by this awesome Mexican joint. From the art on the walls to the cocktails served in real glasses to the live music and flamenco dancer, this place has improved by no less than 3,000%.   Let's face it, Squash Blossom was a little weird. It always felt like one of those motel restaurants you eat at when you're driving through bat country. The new look and feel is definitely less weird, and in fact has a great ambiance.   We went for an appetizer and drink, just to check it out. We had the guacamole, which was fantastic. Very fresh and lime-y, with an added bonus of what I believe to be currants, but may have been craisens. Either way, it was delish. We also had the quesadilla, which was fried. It's hard to mess up fried cheese, and this did not disappoint. Served with fresh tortillas, this was a perfect snack before a night out on the town.   I asked the waitress (who was super nice and very helpful) what her favorite cocktail was, and she recommended The Bull. I don't know what was in it, but DAMN was it good. All I know is there was fresh lime juice. Highly recommended.   To top it off, the kitchen is open late, which is a great addition for downtown Phoenix, because that's an area we are currently lacking in. They are open for brunch on Sunday, I can't wait to try it out!
4 Wow.... this place may have a translated name of Squash Blossom, but it is nothing like the old squash blossom... in a good way! They completely redecorated and it now has a Latin club feel. A friend and I wandered in here Saturday night after I saw their open sign through the long hallway and wondered to myself....why is that breakfast place open at 9pm? Anyway, we sat at the bar and it was kind of awesome. We met a couple at the bar that were a lot of fun and we all did many shots...We did some series of shots that included tequila, lime juice, clamato, and beer... very interesting! We also did esperma shots (because of the funny name) which were good, shots of fireball with rum chata (delicious), and we had some of their pina colada based drinks that were sweet and tasty. The bar tender was nice and the prices were affordable (shots = 4$, drinks = 6 ish?). The place is on the loud side and I believe they had a DJ. As it got later, the bar got busier but the service remained very efficient and friendly. I had a great time here and would definitely come back.    PS Their food smelled SO good.....I want to try it ASAP... will update.
5 La flor de Calabaza es un lugar como ningun otro en Phoenix. Musica en vivo, bebidas y deliciosos aperitivos. Excelente servicio, la chica que nos atendio nos ofrecio muy buenas sugerencias en cuanto a bebidas y los aperitivos. la musica es Rock en espanol. Es un lugar donde te puedes divertir y estar en un ambiente tan padre entre amigos. Definitivamente regreseramos.
5 Probably the only authentic Mexican place I will visit often in downtown Phoenix! Try the tostadas de puerco!
