1 My new theory is that McDonald's is developing animatronic workers to replace humans but hasn't gotten the artificial intelligence module to work right.  The single star is not for serving McDonald's food, as if you're considering eating here, you've already signed on for that, know what to expect, and are mostly interested in the fries anyway.  The single star is because Waiting for Godot makes logical forward progress faster than the staff here. Any deviation from the program baffles them.  For instance, the corporate overlords added a value menu item to compete directly with Burger King's bacon double cheeseburger. Hint: when a customer orders it with the BK name, this is a GOOD thing. It means the strategy is working. Do not go all blue-screen-of-death until the customer comes up with the exact Mickey Dee's trademarked name. Then, when asked what's on it, don't require multiple reboots to deal with the question.  Most important, when you realize you have put a to-go order on a tray instead of in a bag, PUT IT IN A BAG and deliver it to the customer. Do not decide this is too complex to cope with and leave it sit back in the food prep area until the customer gets tired of waiting and asks about it. When asked, do not go all eye-rolling. It is your JOB to deliver people's orders correctly and in a timely manner. You screwed up. Say "I'm so sorry" (yes, we both know you have no emotion module, but fake it) and fix it.  Additionally, do not fill the unsweet tea dispenser with sweet tea. I like McDonald's sweet tea, but I like it when I have poured myself sweet tea, not when I deliberately avoided it because there'd be plenty of sugar in my (now lukewarm) pie.  The new restaurant design is impressive, in the manner of late 1990s federal courthouses, and this one has a McCafé. However, it's possible that it's all some sort of perverse performance art or social experiment, as this location is not listed on McDonald's official site.
2 This is McDonalds!!! Nothing good to expect!  Dont wanna lie so here's a honest Review.  McDonalds has many stores but the quality of their food is low. Quantity over Quality!
