5 I have eaten at Full House Pizza several times and it is always great. I love that I can get any type of pizza here. I like thin crust, and my wife likes the Pan style. You can tell that they know what they are doing. They have a great selection from ribs to salad and sandwiches. I really like the Italian beef. It has great flavor and very lean.  I love to support local businesses that have a quality product, give this place a try, you will not be sorry.
5 Thank You Full House Pizza!  After an excruciating 1 mile drive home (the amazing smell of the pizza was killing me), I got to dig into my first Full House Pizza.  This is the BEST pizza around and it is run by really cool people.  We ordered the deep dish and it was cooked to perfection (see photos).  Let's keep these guys in business, order from them tonight!!!  If you are in the area, and you like Rosati's, you will love Full House, trust me!  On a side note, don't pay any attention to Nate A.'s review.  It is his only review and who gets sick from pizza anyway, especially for 3 days!?!  I don't think so Nate A.!
5 Wow I must say I'm very excited about this place.   Today was the first time trying the deep dish pizza and it was excellent.   Loaded with cheese pepperoni and extra sauce.  Yum!  We will be back!
5 Had the Italian sausage sandwich with cheese, marinara and hot peppers. Big, filling and excellent. Can't wait to try the pizza. Will be back soon.
5 Had the sausage sandwich with cheese, hot peppers and marinara on Friday. Very filling and delicious. Came back for the Pizza on Sunday. Tried both thin crust and deep dish.  Both excellent. Full House is our new go to pizza place.
4 The pizza was good. The service was good. I got the thin crust pizza. It was cracker thin. The ingredients were good. I cant give it five stars though. It was just good.
2 Perhaps the lunch slices are different from the normal fare but this place just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza.  The crust was the biggest let down, grade-school cafeteria-esque.
5 Q: Who makes a really good Chicago style deep dish pizza here in the Valley besides (some) Rosati's?  A: This place does!  I ordered a deep dish to go - it smelled and looked so good, I ate a slice right there and took the rest home. It was absolutely delicious. He uses quality ingredients. It's not dissimilar to my good experiences with Rosati's, but it does have a fairly unique flavor profile. It somehow tastes a little more Chicago.   I can't eat deep dish pizzas all the time without becoming a giant ball of lard, so this will have to be the occasional treat for me. I'm definitely coming here again though. I'll probably have to try their thin crust as well.
5 I wanted to try something new and decided to give this place a go. The pizza was delicious, I had a deep dish meat combo. The dining area was a good size and the staff was really nice. This is a great neighborhood pizza spot. I will be going here in the future!
2 I'm definitely surprised by the positive reviews, I found this pizza terribly disappointing. The thin crust was chewy not crunchy, also partially burnt around the edges but mushy and undercooked in the middle. Unless you consider canned mushrooms tasty the ingredients were poor quality and very bland.  $16 for a medium pizza with veggies out of a can is ridiculous but I'm giving it 2 stars because the person behind the counter was polite.
4 Great pizza! Good variety in menu choices, good prices, and delicious pizzas. I would recommend to others for take out pizza.
