4 The full open starts 1/27/14! We popped in today to try it out while they are still working out the kinks! I have to say service was fabulous! We got Misti who was extremely friendly! There was 3 in my party, 2 loved their meal... I am gluten free... so I am fairly limited in what I can eat there... I got the naked wings (no breading) I can't complain because well... what fun is a naked wing!?! Stupid me, next time I will try something else! I guess I figured if they offered it must be good... live & learn :o) I have to mention I LOVE their cups! Nice and big, ok... yea, I'm that weird :o) Glad to see another option in the area and more business in Surprise!
4 We were invited for the soft opening. We were sat immediately which was nice. The Chicken combo with medium, Asiago Parmesan and Strawberry hot. All were really good. The fish fry was really tasty and enjoyable. Meaty beast pizza was exactly what I expected, delicious. Clam Chowder was awful, much like glue, skip this for sure. Staff were friendly. A bit loud but that just tells you I'm old.
4 We enjoyed dinner tonight at the Native New Yorker very much! The restaurant just opened this week so there are some kinks in the service and the kitchen that need to be worked out but boy howdy the food was pretty darn good! It was served at the right temps, our drinks were kept fairly full, and the wait staff was falling all over each other to help.   Because there was quite a crowd tonight, service was a bit slow. It took quite a while for our appetizers to come out and when we would ask our server to bring something to us, he would disappear...and only reappear when he had another reason to come back to our table or the others in his station. I realized that what he was trying to do was be efficient in his trips, but he did have a trainee with him who he could have delegated these things to so that we wouldn't be sitting and waiting for extra dressing or ketchup or silverware. It's a kink to be worked out tho.  Another issue I noticed was that the kitchen didn't make the dishes to specs. For example, on the menu the kids sliders indicated there would be cheese and pickles on the sliders. There were no pickles. My MILs salad was to include croutons and there were no croutons (and not NEARLY enough dressing either but that's another issue) That having been said...for kids sliders these were AWESOME! They aren't slider size tho--rather they are more like McDonalds cheeseburger size! They are pretty big for sliders. They are served on a pretzel bun too! I KNOW--fancy schmancy for kids sliders. But again...if you say on the menu that it comes with pickles..make sure you serve to specs.   I had the skinny chicken lettuce wraps which were excellent. I thought it was interesting to serve on romaine versus iceberg lettuce but it worked itself out. My husband had fish and chips and really enjoyed. I LOVED how the coleslaw was made per order versus just made that day and left to sit and wilt. My son had a burger as well that was really great and my FIL had a calzone which he loved.  I will DEFINITELY be back to Native New Yorker. I think they did a very good job considering this is first week opening. I think (hope) it will only get better and not disappoint! They will be a nice addition to the middle of Surprise. :)
2 Stopped in for a second time and I must say I was not impressed. The restaurant is very clean and appealing to the eye but food is serious lacking. Last time I ordered the wings and absolutely loved them despite the length of time it took to finally get them. This time I decided to try something different so I ordered the BBQ pork sliders. Big mistake. There was not much pork inside and there was absolutely zero flavor to it. The food once again took quite some time and was luke warm. Shortly after eating  there I did not feel well and developed a bad stomach ache followed by a trip to the bathroom. Not sure if it was the sauce or if the pork was under cooked but, either way I won't be visiting this location for a long time if at all.
2 LUNCH TIME: Brand new restaurant, so as far as cleanliness goes, it's great.  Our server spoke so fast we didn't catch her name, sweet girl,   Hostess pleasant but was sweeping the floor, (try a dry mop)  and did this several times, very near diners, not appetizing,  one thing we  didn't like was the prices.  We went at lunch time,  We had  2 sandwiches, 1 tea, and 1 water, and the baby chocolate bundt cake, (that cost as much as a full bundt cake from a chicken place) with tip it was near $33 for lunch.  This was very pricey for us.  While the food was good, what we got for the price was not.  Sadly this won't be a regular place for us to go.
3 Service was good, food was over-salted (not over seasoned because it lacked flavor). I attempted to come again bit they were charging for the super bowl as if they paid to stream it. prices are very steep in comparison to other wing places. $.85 a wing is unheard of, I'm used to paying 50 to 6 cents a wing.
4 OK changing my review. This was the sixth time and everything has worked out the wings are ehh but the atmosphere is great some of the servers are horrible but there are a few that are good.
4 Won't kid ya. Only had drinks and appetizers  But Michelle took great care of us. Didn't hover but we never had to look for her. My taste of the wings were good. Would prefer more spice but only orders d honey barbeque. I would come back again soon. Ask for Michelle.
1 Took the family to dinner, along with some family friends on a Monday night. The place was slightly busy due to it being a fundraiser for the 100 club.  No wait, straight to our table.   The menu was kinda large with a lot to pick from. The kids menu was basic, same items as most American food restaurants have for dinner.   The wait for dinner was moderate. Once the entrees were delivered, the food was Luke warm. The kids portions were disappointing. The kids Mac and cheese (no side) came in a small gravy dish. The kids sliders okay, but again not very warm.  (We had to order an appetizer to fill the kids up since the portions were so small)  The wife and I ordered wings.  She had the strips while had I the traditional. The traditional wings were good, but cold. The strips were mostly fried batter and not much chicken.   Our waitress was very tentative, but that went away after our entrees were brought to the table. We were sat near the soda fountain machine, so I had to get up and get my refills on two occasions.   It's too bad....
1 Food was good but the service was bad. Waitress brought out my item but forgot to place the order for the other person with me. When she corrected her mistake the wrong item was brought out. Finally got the correct item but took it home. When we got the bill it was wrong. Got the one item free but the whole meal should of been free. First and last time. Too bad because the food was good.
3 service was as expected.  food was as expected as well.  we ordered an app of "loaded fries" which is a misnomer for sure.  they should have bacon on them and the two separate times we ordered them i would say they had a small sparse sprinkling of bacon bits scattered on top.  very sad.  what is it about places skimming on the bacon.  it's the greatest meat ever.  don't be cheap with it or don't advertise your food has bacon on it!  our server was very good and very attentive which compensated for the meh food
1 Went here before going across the street to see a movie. Both of us ordered salads w/chicken. Both salads were made with old brown iceberg lettuce and there was a lot of the core of the lettuce which was wilted and brown. No chicken in it either! Tried to wave our waitress over she saw me but kept walking by. Finally a manager saw me and came over to help us. He agreed they forgot to put the chicken on it he also agreed the lettuce was not up to par. He offered to remake them however at that point we had to leave to catch our movie. I will never go back there again. Place was clean, service ok but slow, food was awful!
1 Okay so I'm at work and my fiance and my friends went here, and got themselfs food and asked for mine to go....the waitress Missy took forever to get them their food and their drinks refilled, and she acted like she hated her job....if you don't like your job go somewhere else! My fiance asked for the New York Cookie Sundae I mean really this place is so pathetic they gave her a burnt as a crisp to where it was too hard to eat then the ice cream was put in a container, the picture comes with whipped cream, cherry and syrup, all she was given was ice cream and two burnt cookies! She spent $5 on cheap a** cookies we could have made at  home! She asked for my stuff to go and asked for ranch, she never got ranch, seriously how am I supposed to eat wings without ranch? She's lucky she got a tip with the Sh**** service they got I wouldn't have tipped a penny and I'm a server!  We had a party of 6 and all 6 of us are telling our friends how bad of an experience we had here.... Next time take care of your customers the first time, WE WILL NOT BE RETURNING unless we here this place has cleaned up it's act!
1 I want to like this place because it is near the house but the incredibly poor service makes that impossible.   With so many people out of work you would think they would be able to hire someone mildly competent.
1 We just got home from Native and we will more than likely not return. Food was sub-par & I'm not sure how to describe the service. We sat in the bar area & We ordered drinks from one waitress never to see her again. Then had 4-5 walk past us before one stopped to ask if we were being helped. She retrieved our drinks then never returned. Finally we ordered our food from a 3rd waitress who actually stuck around to bring our food to us. What we got were soggy unflavored wings, my wife got the worst Rueben she's ever had and my crispy chicken sandwich was over cooked to the point of jerky with veggies but no condiments on it making it even worse. When I removed the bun to apply ranch from the un-eatable wings there was a pool of grease on the lettuce under the chicken. A 4th waitress finally retrieved our check after asking 3 others to bring it. I know what your thinking its Saturday night and maybe too busy but the place wasn't busy at all. The bar seems like a free for all with no server coordination and makes for an irritating experience. Don't waste your time & money here.
5 So happy to have this back in surprise. Food is always great. Service is awesome. They have a great lunch menu that flows into happy hour during the week. They also give military discount and have a great mural for Luke Air Force Base in the bar. Ask for the beer if the month!!!
1 We ordered food to go last night and though we regularly eat at other Native locations this was the first time we were disappointed.  The garbage pizza was barely warm and didn't have very many toppings for being a loaded pizza.  The wedge salad had hardly any dressing on it, or bacon and blue cheese crumbles,and was the part of our order we had to wait for after arriving which may be why the pizza was cold.  The biggest disappointment though were the wings.  We ordered half honey BBQ and half mild traditional.  We weren't told that mild meant a butter sauce.  That is not traditional by any means.  When we got home and discovered how our order looked we called and the manager offered to make it right and said we should have been told what "mild" meant.  We are able to go in and have the wings and salad free on another occasion.  Too bad I didn't mention the pizza...  We spent $30 on a take out meal for 3 people and it was very disappointing.
1 Before I start, let me make it clear that this review applies to the Surprise location only.  According to my nephew, other locations he has been to are much better.  That being said...  My nephew was excited to share Native New Yorker with us on our visit to Arizona the weekend of April 11-14.  On Friday night the 11th, we came in to a moderately busy crowd.  We were seated in fairly short order, but ran in to our first snag when they initially refused to make a lower-cost swap on a special they were running.  I didn't care whether I was credited for the difference but my better half didn't like one of the options and wanted something LESS expensive.  I wouldn't even have minded an up-charge for the swap if needed but their flat refusal grated on me.  They did eventually decide that I could do it "just this once", but even that attitude didn't exactly encourage me to return.  It was very grudging.  However, one thing happened that would prevent me from ever even giving this location a second chance.  My nephew ordered a salad with chicken strips, and one of the strips was practially RAW.  I kid you not.  In 32 years of adulthood, I have never seen that.  They did take it back and tried to correct it, but even the correction was underdone.  To be fair, it was removed from the bill; however, the risk of food poisoning is not worth the $13 of that particular salad.  Apparently the manager of this location had just been replaced; I don't know if things have improved in the last two weeks.
3 The food is ok service has gotten better. Wings are not my favorite. I had a salad tonight and it was good.
5 I've been coming in about twice a week for the last two months. The cleanliness is outstanding, the food what is expected, and the service great depending on the person. Just wish they promoted holidays and sporting events a little more, because it would be a great place to hang with my buddies. If you are looking for a smile and quick polite service ask for Tori.
4 This place has a lot of good looking stuff but this place is known for wings but if your into hot wings wouldn't want to come here for these reasons but besides that there's a lot of great looking stuff
3 The only reason this place is getting three stars is because of the cleanliness of the restaurant and most of all the service. My family and I went in on mothers day, it seemed nice enough but i was skeptical because of the low review score on yelp. We ordered a couple of beers and a zucchini appetizer to start. It was hot and yummy. Our waitress Mackenzie(sp?) was very sweet and helpful. The problem is most definitely the kitchen. The Fish sliders i ordered were dry and mediocre ( The Irish wolfhounds are way better) but at least my order was hot. My fiancé ordered 15 wings and they were cold inside so we had to send them back, not to mention they are ridiculously small. My stepson ordered the buffalo nachos which came out lukewarm. We were pretty unhappy but the manager Matt quickly had the kitchen remake their food and comped us for their items plus gave us a free dessert. Our waitress handled the whole situation pretty well as well. Needles to say if i want delicious wings I will go to BWW. My fiancé and i will be back for a UFC fight or some other sports event and have a few beers and maybe some appetizers but so far the food is nothing to rave about. Native needs to either get better cooks or train them better.
2 Service just ok, food just ok! The atmosphere is cool just about average for the type of place it is. I have yet to be impressed by this location and it's unfortunate because I have been a big Native fan since back in 05. They have made some changes to the company that in my opinion have been for the worst but I haven't quite given up on them yet. They are still pretty good on the wings. HONEY HOTs and SPICY HONEY MUSTARD is where it's at! They have a few dry rubs that are good too! Just have to experiment.
1 Wow. Where do I start. We walked in 2 hours ago. All we wanted was beer and wings. It took an hour to get 2 of the 3 wings we order. Then after sending back the 3rd wings because they were cooked beyond anything you could eat. They took another hour. Just unreal at how a wing place could not make wings. I am so disappointed and will never come back. Beer and wings should not be so difficult.
3 We tried this place due to an on screen ad at Digiplex cinemas which is across the street from Native.  By bringing our ticket stubs we got a discount off our check of a little over $4 on a roughly $25 total, so I think it was 20%.   We saw an early movie, so we went for lunch at about 1:30 pm. The food was good, we got tator tots which came with 3 dipping sauces, BBQ, Ranch & Queso (which was really good).  Then we split the beef on weck & had chicken strips tossed in a spicy honey mustard sauce.  The sandwich was great, it came with au jus & horseradish on the side (but we love that). The strips could have been more wet in my opinion, but were of good quality & quantity (we had the 1/2lb size & that was plenty).  The only thing lacking was enough help.  We sat at the bar as that's usually where you get the best, most attentive help.  Unfortunately the girl was alone to serve the bar stools AND the tables in the bar area.  She seemed a little overwhelmed, but was friendly & did as best job possible considering.   Overall, they have a standard wings/sandwich/wraps type menu with a few unique options.  Worth a try, but hopefully they can get more help in the bar area, it wasn't overly busy (about 1/2 full) so if they were busier, it could have been worse!
1 I just left this place... Barf! I can't believe I have to put 1 star down! It was that awful! The wings were 79¢ each and they were cold! Umm cold chicken wings, gross! I had a wedge sald and loaded fries with burnt bacon like so burnt it smelled Burt and made the whole dish taste burnt! WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
2 The service was.  This was on a Wednesday night with only 3 people at the bar.  The boneless wings were disgusting and they are about the size of popcorn chicken.   I could have better wings frozen from a bag.  The beer was good.  I had the Goose Island IPA on tap.  Not enough choices of beer though.  Televisions were good.  They have lots of them.
4 Good wings! Nice group.  Wife and I like to go for lunch whenever we can get a break from our kids. Good addition to surprise.
1 This place is so disappointing. The food is underwhelming and actually pretty terrible. We have been there 3 different times hoping to like it but finally came to the conclusion that it's just not gonna happen. We were hoping it was going to be like the other Native New Yorker on Bell which we absolutely love. But it is NOTHING like it. How do they have the same name. Very confusing and disappointing.
3 The wings are the only thing to get from here. The kids meal was really greasy. The Friday fish fry was okay and so was the chowder. There was no extra seasoning on the zucchini fries either. Lots of tvs for catching the games which is great. Servers were very friendly but the food was just okay.
5 Native has become a regular place to eat and hang out for our family! The service is always awesome, especially in the bar area! The portion sizes are great, Always getting more than enough to eat! I strongly recommend the "2 for $20" menu, The beer is always cold, cocktails made to order, and wait time on food order is usually minimal! The restaurant has always been very clean ( bathrooms as well), and management is always willing and able to put current sporting events on the nearest TV! We love .35 cent Tuesday wing night!!!! If you sit in the bar area, make sure you ask for Matt, Michelle, Joy, John, or MacKenzie! You will not be disappointed with the great service you get from any of them! So excited to have another great restaurant in Surprise!
