5 Stopped by for their grand opening last night and had a great night. Never been to a PT's before so I figured this was a perfect opportunity to check it out, even though it was far SW. Apparently this place used to be an O'Aces tavern, but you would've never guessed it because the inside looked brand new and was not smoky at all. We arrived at 7 pm, about an hour late for the event and it was already packed inside! So packed that it took a while to squeeze into the bar area to place drink orders. Eventually we were able to track down a waitress to take care of us the rest of the night, otherwise there would've been a lot of waiting at the bar!  They had a couple specials going on including $2 Stellas and $1 vodka or tequila shots...which were kinda gross, but hey it was only a buck! The gf had a couple of signature cocktails, which were full price but wasn't bad at $6-7.50 each. There were a couple of Stella girls promoting their beer and handing out gifts to people drinking Stellas. We got a Stella chalice glass and a bottle opener for pounding down Stella pints all night long.  The bar area is big, and there are non gaming seats for those that just want to have a drink or watch the game. There is also a small seating area to the right of the bar for dining and another dining area just to the left of the restrooms. Overall seems like a pretty nice place to hang, especially with the 2 pool tables and a small patio area with gas heaters, which is where we sat despite the light rain. The staff was friendly and fast once they actually got to you and I don't see it being as packed on normal nights here.   They have happy hour from 5 to 7 PM and again later on in the evening, featuring 50% off drinks and pizzas, so I'll have to come back to check that out in the future!
5 Love, love, love this place! Especially Jen the bartender! Never have to ask her for anything.  She knows what we wants and keeps them coming. My fav after work spot!
4 Very nice new-ish PTs off 215 and Durango. Large bar, plenty of table seating and very spacious. Wasn't too smoky or crowded on a weekend night after work. Service was very good and food was decent. A great addition for drinks and grub in the area. I'll definitely be back for some drinks after those rough days at work!
5 Best PTs in town. I went here for a Paintnite event w/ my girl friend and the service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and always made sure we were taken cared of. I've been to a Paintnite event before; at a different venue but by far PTs hosted it better b/c of their wonderful hospitality. I will definitely come back here on a regular night.
