1 East Madison Toyota (formerly Lancaster) was the second to last dealer we visited in our search for a certified used Prius. I'd done my research and knew what I wanted, and these guys had it.... but unfortunately it sold shortly before we got there. We were encouraged by salesman George Penny to come in and try the next closest one. I told him from the start that it was just out of our price range, but he encouraged us to just give it a try. We were minutes away and figured - best case we get a great deal on an awesome car, worst case - we don't.   We were immediately approached by several salesman, but since George had answered questions earlier we said we were looking for him. I worked commission sales in the past and nothing sucks more than helping someone only to have them return and purchase from a colleague just because they approached them first on the return trip. Anyway... we test drove the car and it was great. George answered all our questions and was friendly. Then we went inside to talk numbers.   He gave us his out the door price, we gave our "top" price - which was 2k less than his price and 1k less than our actual top price. But, wanting to leave some room to negotiate - we had told him it was more than we were looking to spend, so our lowball should not have been a shock. In spite of several requests for him to do a little better on the price, he said he wouldn't until we came up on our offer. I'm sure some people don't care, but I don't counter against my own offers. You went - I went - now it's YOUR turn. Come down a hundred, anything, but work with me here. This is where he became the salesman stereotype. Suddenly the car we wanted became this unobtainable thing because "summer... shortage of cars on the market... we have unrealistic expectations." He told us the other dealers we were looking at (guesses, since we didn't name names) took the cars that his dealer rejected at the auctions and started naming several used car lots that had similar cars to this one. When I said we hadn't been going to used car lots, he switched gears and talked down Smart Motors. Really dude? Now you're trash talking the competition? Grow up.   Realizing we were about to leave, he tried to save the sale and tell us the Prius was not the car for us, we should go for a Camry because they get over 40mpg (in what world?) and are cheaper - then made us wait for the keys to our trade in they'd been appraising while they checked to see if they could "give us a better price" - then came back to say they couldn't.   We ended up buying a (certified used) Prius the very next day at Smart Motors - the car was exactly the same as the one we'd tried to buy here, only one year older, a little less expensive, and with lower mileage. Funny, since we'd just been told we'd never find it. Yet less than a day later, there it was.   Was it the worst experience in the world? No. But if you are someone dreading the typical pushy salesman experience with less than honest employees, I would absolutely skip this place. There's a reason they aren't ranked #1. Also resorting to talking down other businesses is low and reflects poorly on the one you work for.
1 As Jon Lancaster Toyota, the service department consistently treated my wife as though she knew nothing about cars, talking down to her and trying to upsell her on unnecessary services.  Eventually, she became so fed up that she had me take her car in. I was treated with deference, despite being far less capable than she is when it comes to cars. (True confession: I've never changed my own oil, and I've never felt any desire to.)  Smart Toyota may not be anything special, but I'd choose them before East Madison Toyota any day.
1 This review is only about the service department at East Madison Toyota.  I purchased my car here and was very happy with that experience, so I made my first appointment with their service center.  I recently called in because my maintenance light was going off (just before 5,000 miles).  The person who answered at the service dept. said I needed an oil change, etc.  I was confused, because everyone else told me the first oil change wasn't until 10,000 miles.  She said the first one was at 5,000 miles.  So, I made my appointment and drove an hour to get there.  Upon arrival at the service department, they couldn't find my appointment.  Then they told me I was supposed to be at the quick lube place across the street.  Seriously?  Nobody told me that when I made the appointment.  When I arrived at the quick lube, they would only rotate my tires.  The said the oil change didn't happen until 10,000 miles.  I told them that's not what I was told when I made the appointment.  They said I likely talked to someone at a call center that didn't know any better (even though I called the service phone number on East Madison Toyota's website).  Did I mention that the quick lube waiting room offers next to nothing for conveniences?  I felt like I was sent over to a third world country for service, then didn't get the service I was told I'd get.  To top it off, I had questions about the car that they couldn't answer.  They said I had to go back across the street to the main service department to talk to them about it.  It was a very frustrating day.  Even though the service was covered under "Toyota Care," it was not worth me driving 2 hours on the road round-trip to do.  If this is what happens for a simple oil change appointment, I don't want to bring my car here for anything more complex!  Prior to this I had dealt with Smart Motors and was always happy over there.  I think that's where I'll be going for service next time.  Yikes!
