5 The Linq is a "mini strip" between the quad and flamingo. It's composed of restaurants, bars, lounges, bowling and shops. a few are already open but still a lot to look forward to. Grand opening for most these places is going to be on the feb 28th. With the Highroller as it's main attraction. Largest observation wheel which is expected to be open on April.
5 Beautiful outdoor shopping center between Flamingo and The Quad. Still under construction, but it looks like there are tons of cool stores and restaurants. Cant wait until the high roller is open so I can get a killer view of Vegas from the very top!
4 I decided to play tourist and go to the Strip to check out the newly opened Linq entertainment district between the Flamingo and the Quad.  I really like what they've done with this former street by turing it into a pedestrian space with shops, restaurants, and at the end, the High Roller, what will be--for awhile anyway--the tallest wheel of its type in the world.  There are lots of spaces to be rented yet and there are several that will be opening soon.  When completed, the Linq will offer a full compliment of entertainment whether shopping, eating/drinking, or riding a thrill ride.
4 They have free WiFi throughout the entire thing and it is completely reliable.  Add in the unique hat shop, huge Flamingos, hilarious tourist watching of green-clad folks stumbling out of O'Shea's, plus Brooklyn Bowl and soon to come "High Roller" and I could see this being the next "must visit" place for friends coming to town.  Not quite sure about the restaurant selections at this point, but I'm sure time will tell the tale - as long as they have free WiFi and plenty of room to wander I know I'll be back.
4 A cool little walkway between the Flamingo and the Quad that has food, shopping places to sit and relax , and a few watering holes, not to mention a huge observation wheel that is soon to be open. I like this concept and it will be a great new place to take out of towers as well a a place to frequent as a local. I am excited to go to the Brooklyn Bowl. Bowling, drinks, food and concerts all at one venue. This place looks legit.
4 I think this place has potential!  A lot of shops were still not open when we went.  It is a cute little outdoor mall to window shop or grab a bite to eat. It was not too crowded when we went on a Saturday night. I am sure that will change once the high roller opens(around mid to late April from what the gift shop said). They have a few electronic boards you can take your picture and put it on Facebook or email it to yourself. We will be back once the hype of the high roller dies down. Thumbs up!
5 Love the concept of this place, there are so many beautiful shops and sites to be seen.  I'm really excited about trying out the ride when it becomes available to ride.  The staff at all the stores are very friendly.  If you wanted to know more info about the ride, they were there to answer all your questions.  They say each capsule can hold up to 40 people, and you can reserve it and add a bar to the inside if you'd like.  Pricing will be around $27 during the day and around $35 at night, which makes sense since you will have thee most amazing view ever!  Me personally, will probably be waiting awhile when it gets a little older since each loop is 30 minutes and people can go longer if they would like, if willing to pay for the difference.
5 Girlfriend and I have a had a great time having out at the Linq. As locals, it's nice to see a fresh new place on the strip. With bars, restaurants, shopping and being nestled in between the Flamingo and the Quad, the area has plenty of potential. We are looking forward to riding the High Roller when it opens, which will soon be the largest operational Ferris wheel in the world. As for the staff at the Linq, I ran into a very nice bathroom attendant named Michael Randolph, who was very polite, professional and courteous. He seemed to take pride in his job; I say this bot just because of how clean the bathroom was but because of the smile on his face. Individuals like him, along with professionalism and good service create repeat customers. We'll definitely be back.
2 At the time of this review the Linq dosn't have taxi service. I am sure they will improve after my review but this is how it is now. The closest Taxi service is at the flamingo so you have to trot threw there.IThey don't have the best shops or eateries but was told the ferris wheel is the largest one in the country. Each bin holds 40 people. It's an up and coming place and is sure to improve in time. The Brooklyn Bowl newly opened here and is also sure to improve and become a destination in Las Vegas.
4 Nice conceptualized mall/ entertainment between Flamingo & the Quad  Theres a starbucks restaurants purple zebra the high roller behind it  Brooklyn bowl opened early March / other attractions
4 This is a fun place! I thought it would be much bigger, but it is literally the narrow space of land between Flamingo and The Quad. It is still spacious enough to squeeze in several, very exciting tenants. Right now, there's a couple really well-known retailers like Ghirardelli, Sprinkles, and Yard House, and New York's very own Brooklyn Bowl. These businesses alone are creating a lot of buzz for The LINQ. That and the monstrous High Roller, which will be the world's largest operating ferris wheel at an impressive 550 feet. Because of the "open air" environment, there was a lot of attention to detail on architecture and facades of the stores. The restaurants feature second-story patios and there's a dancing water fountain complete with colorful LED lights.  It's definitely a wonderful place to hang out, eat, get dessert, bowl, and catch a concert, just to name a few. It has many activities for tourists who don't want to gamble, drink, or club or locals that are looking for something different to do. It'll be very exciting to see what businesses will set up shop in this new lifestyle center. It is a popular model following the mostly successful Town Square and Tivoli Village.  Note: Since there are convenient entrances to/from Flamingo and The Quad, parking can easily be done at either properties. Also, there is self parking and valet offered for The LINQ, located off Koval Lane (near the High Roller).
3 Last night was my first time to the Linq and the first close look I have gotten of the new High Roller observation wheel.  I was excited to see it in motion and can hardly wait to ride it when it opens even though I am terrified of traditional Ferris Wheels.  This one looks like fun.  Although the High Roller is like the crown of the Linq there is a lot more going on down here.  There are such places like O'Shea's which I am glad was brought back.  I had only ever been to the original once but it was legendary.  I hope the new one upholds that status.  There is also a Yard House good for any of those beer lovers who live to do some mall shopping on a groggy head.  There is the new Brooklyn Bowl which looks like and old theatre from yesteryear.  From what I have heard they have good food, good bowling and good concerts.  I have yet to experience that.  I am excited to see a Tilted Kilt at the Linq too.  I went to a Tilted Kilt in SoCal a couple of years ago and it was awesome.  I will have to make a stop in there one night for sure.  Walking around last night I see the Linq as a work in progress.  There were a few store fronts that had yet to be completed but it does have potential to be the great hangout place it is designed to be.  It is not necessarily my kind of place but it has its own merit to be sure.
4 What a difference a year makes. I'm so impressed with the changes that have happened to this area.   Not all the shops and restaurants are open yet, but what is here now, is great. The Linq is located in the space between The Flamingo and The Quad hotel and casinos. There are plenty of places for photo ops, lots of dining and dessert options, bars, even a concert venue, place for bowling and just an all-around nice place to sit and enjoy the day or night time events in the area.  Once the rest of the shops and restaurants open up and the High Roller is open for business, this place will be a force to be reckoned with. I'm excited to see the completed project when it comes to fruition.
4 really like the atmosphere of this place, theyre still building some places but its a cool place to hang out and grab a drink/food.
3 For years, in between Flamingo and O'Shea was a dark grungy street.  Today, they closed off the street into a pedestrian walk, renovated, and wala, a number of shops and restaurants line up the place with a humongous Ferris wheel at the end of it.  I most certainly welcome this change.  It looks really nice and can be a place to hang.  However, most of the restaurants are chain places.  Boring.  I can go to any chain while at home.  Then, the shops, so far are not interesting and there are few selections.  And I find Ferris wheels dumb.  The potential is here.  If no changes or additions are made, then I will feel they missed on a good opportunity.  When I come back, I'll check to see if they improved it.
3 This is an old alley way in a not fabulous section of the strip. It feels like a dirty alley all dressed up. It is way too skinny and basically a wind tunnel.   We went down to Linq to get some cupcakes from Sprinkles. We parked in valet which was amazing. The service I received with my two small children and a boat load of stuff was amazing! If every single valet was this good I would valet everywhere!   They have a nice little fountain next to Sprinkles with some chairs to sit and enjoy your cupcake or latte. They also have Ghirardelli and a Polaroid store and a Yard House and a few other places.   For me it didn't feel like all of this stuff should be in this place. It felt like they were trying to make something of nothing. I will probably be back but only because of Sprinkles and Ghirardelli.
4 To sum it up, I would say it's a great place to walk around! It reminds me a lot of the City Walk and Universal Studios!   Parking is horrible! Maybe because it just opened. But once I parked at The Quad it took me 30 to figure out where to go to get to the Linq. Some signs would definitely help!   Once you arrive, everything looks great! They set the ambience to feel like it's not even in Vegas. They have plenty of boutiques, restaurants, and bars. If you want to take cute pictures, ITS A GREAT PLACE, especially since you can have the High Roller in the background.   Unfortunately the High Roller is not open yet, but I would return to walk around, eat, or ride this new attraction.   Upcoming date night or girls night out? I say check this place out!
5 What can I say about this place that hasn't been said yet?  It's that place that doesn't belong in Vegas, but you're absolutely glad and stoked it is! It's resembles another version of Town Square and who doesn't love that place?  Everything is arranged down a long path. You got your choices of restaurants/bar such as Yard House and a daiquiri called the Purple Zebra. They even have a stage called the Brooklyn Bowl which is already hosting concerts.  Let me address Sprinkles which has got to be the hype besides the High Roller. If you got a sweet tooth definitely go here! It has two separate entrances for cupcakes and ice creams. The place itself is quite cute and modern. There is even a Cupcake ATM - how adorbs!  If you like the theme of Urban Outfitters you got to check out Kitson. They have such a wide selection of Boy London clothing plus all the clever books UO offers. I will definitely be making a second trip here to buy some stuff. I probably spent a good 30-45 minutes here going through the books and funny knick knacks alone.  The high roller is already open so if you're up to it - GO FOR IT. I would opt to go at night though since it is located on the strip and awing at the lights is what it's all about!  This place is perfect for locals and tourists!
4 Another addition to sin city attraction.  Nice strip towards the newly opened High Roller Wheel, World's Tallest Ferris wheel.  Nearest parking is the Quad's parking but the staff will ask you to turn around if you are not hotel guest. It must have meant to be accessed by foot from the strip.
4 Ok, after I valet'd my car at Caesar's and walked across the street, I got to enjoy what the Linq had to offer. Overall, it's a great place to eat and drink. Sprinkles cupcakes, the High Roller Ferris wheel, the Brooklyn Bowl for drinks, food, bowling, and concerts...overall, it may be what the strip's been needing. They have drink stands, easy access to the Quad and Flamingo casinos, restaurants such as Chayo and the Yard house, desserts from Sprinkles and Ghiradellis, and novelties from Kitson to Polaroid. I can see myself spending a lot of time here...especially once parking improves!  I'd imagine that this alleyway of shops will be even more crowded once more parking becomes available.   -----My previous review THE PARKING SITUATION IS TERRIBLE!  I was hoping to see the new center yesterday but ended up getting stuck in the masses that were trying to find a place to park their cars. The parking structure was not complete and valet was full. There is outdoor parking behind the ferris wheel but since it's one lane each way to get in, it was utter chaos.  I recommend parking elsewhere and walking. Maybe at Caesar's across the street or Bally's.  Don't even try to drive there. Or take the underused monarail. Don't even try to enter from Flamingo because it's chaos at all hours of the day.  I will update my review once I've actually gotten to see this shopping center.
4 Definitely a cool new spot to hang out with lots of restaurants, shops, bars and the big ferris wheel (High Roller)  Parking is hideous, I recommend you park at one of the casinos nearby (we parked across at Mirage) and walk over to it, it'll be faster and saves you the headache of waiting in traffic.  Everything seems to be pretty cool... however I really don't get the shopping plaza's name "LINQ" ... sounds weird, how do you even pronounce that? It spelled like an Asian word but I don't think it is... shoulda came up with a better name in my opinion.. regardless, the place is fun!
4 Great addition to strip;) something new to see and a bunch of new restaurants and shops;).   Improve the food a bit and this place will be fun.
5 Came here for the first time last night with the hubby & kids. Really nice place. We enjoyed our time out here. Lots of places to eat & things to see. NOTE: We parked at the Flamingo which was probably the best place to park from what I've heard.
5 The newest addition to the Strip! Very clean and pretty. There are lots of lights at night; it looks a bit like downtown Disney. If you feel like splurging $36, you can ride on the highest roller coaster in the world. The view is quite nice. The Linq also has plenty of bars and restaurants. There's also complimentary wifi.
2 Updated:  opened at 10:00 and a sidewalk sign was placed in front of the unmarked ticket window that faced west only.   Lots of details yet to be worked.   Review:  Gave it two stars because it looks great.  Did not get the experience they failed to open as advertised.   Came to do the Linq, seems they are not ready for prime time. At 9:30 am being worked on and not open to public as advertised.     Signage could use some work as well, ticket office is about 100 ft west of wheel. People will need more guidance for parking and for reaching the office.   Also, the hours are not posted on the door of the ticket office of the entrance to the ride.   The only thing open and running at full blast is the music for the outdoor shops.   No talking please.   Note at the east end the Yard House has it's own outdoor music competing with the mall music.
1 Well all that hype.......   Went to Linq last night because of all the hype and also a friend visiting from San Francisco.  Much a do about nothing.  my friend is staying at Vdara.  the views from her room is far more superior than the views offered by Linq.   The first half of the ride you are amidst tall buildings, and once you clear the surrounding buildings, you really can't see much of the strip,  Good view for the flat lands of Las Vegas, and that's it.  I have to agree with another reviewer, the drinkers get rowdy and loud, in the pods.  no way of knowing who you are going to be paired with for the next 20 mins.  heck they even encourage it as they have a bar just before you get on.    Traffic coordination is very poor.  when you come off, there is a limited room on the exit side of the pod.  and of course if you get behind some guy who is inebriated or doesn't move out of the way, it can become a hassle.  Then you go down an escalator to the gift shop, and the lines for their cash registers backs up to people getting off the escalator.  yes pure genius.  Also very difficult to find.  signs are limited.   like I said... much a do about nothing.
5 Might be the most breath taking thing to do when you come to Las Vegas !    The wait went fast and the staff were really friendly!   A must do!
5 All the Shops were very cool, the Foto Bar was really unique and for a cold beer the Yard House is always a crowd pleaser!.  The High Roller was amazing, the views were breath taking......  Must See Must Do!
5 Nice outdoor shopping area.  Shops and restaurants are not super good.  Selection is small.  The ferries wheel is huge and slow.   The place is actually much much cooler at night.  Daytime is a nice walk.   Nighttime is much more alive.
4 I'm a fan of the whole Linq renovation and pedestrian walk!!!!!  Our big group went on the High Roller Ferris Wheel (not a cheap adventure by the way) and loved it. Each pod can hold 40 people!!  The one downside is the ticket price at $33/person.  Ouch.  BUT we got some great pictures and the kids loved it.  We are glad to have experienced it and are looking forward to going back to try the Brooklyn Bowl (with the kids).  The Linq itself (for me) might be a one and done type thing.  But thumbs up all the way around!!
5 Cute streeet with tonnes of shops and eateries lead up to this amazing ferris wheel. I am afraid of heights so I was unsure, but the ride is so smooth you couldn't even feel yourself getting higher. Those who love flying over the strip at night will dig the view, and the price is right.
4 wow...impressed with what Caesers has done with this place.  very clean and accessible.  staff everywhere to help if needed.  security present as well.  you feel very safe and able to have fun.  tons of cool restaurants and things to do/see.  located just between flamingo and quad.  we'll be back!
4 The Linq is the narrow shopping cooridor between the Quad and the Flamingo and heads down to the big observation wheel - the High Roller.   Yeah, it's commercial and touristy as hell but I kinda dig this outdoor spot. I have to give kudos that many of their vendors are unique to Linq so its just not like "any other mall". There's a interesting hat store, a Polaroid museum ( I collect old cameras!), Kitson, etc. Many food options available for a quick bite or sit down.   Theres fountains and seating areas but they could use more benches. Walking the strip is tiring business!   Whats interesting is there's a machine that sends you a free photo postcard from the Linq via e-mail spread throughout and a Polaroid booth and other photo ops for selfiehappy folks. There's free WiFi here though I dont know if it's too busy to find a spot for work/study if you happen to be visiting.   Plus with it being narrow is theres shade so maybe you wont die in the summer. I wont be there then but Im sure I'll be back soon the sample more stores and eateries.
4 The Linq and The Quad are a genius expansion to that part of the strip.  Caesar's is so beyond smart - they created this new world and you never have to leave it. Seriously. We didn't - for 2 days we stuck to this area and our hotel (Flamingo). Shops, restaurants, bars, bowling... All on one little (well, not really little) section of the strip.    Cutting out any thru traffic, pedestrians truly can roam safely anywhere. It's nice to see that stinky-wasted alley put to some good use.   Yes the prices are high but it's Vegas. I got so tired of reading Yelp complaints "don't eat here, it's too expensive" or "study the menu carefully because you'll pay a lot, make sure you like something". Go to McDonalds if you want cheap eats. Go to the dollar store if you want crumby gifts to take home.   It's a fun area and if I still lived there I could see it being a regular hang out spot! Not just a tourist place.   You can access the ticket counter for the High Roller here as well.
4 It is a fun setting lots of unique places. My favorite by far is this adventure was the Polaroid Photo Bar. Some different ways to produce your photos on different mediums.  I need to return to the museum!
5 I'm a local and I LOVED IT!  went on a Thursday afternoon, not crowded at all in fact our party of 6 had a cabin all to ourselves.  Great views.  Loved the shopping and dining choices, especially Sprinkles!  I would recommend to tourists or locals.  Good fun.  We will go back to try out some of the restaurants.
3 I was excited to visit The Linq & the new plaza because of the ads/e-mails from Vegas. Unfortunately, The Linq & the plaza is nothing special...It's pretty to see at night and the ferris wheel moves REALLY REALLY SLOW. What's interesting is that there are different prices and if you don't book ahead, the tickets to ride the ferris wheel is about $60/person (NOT WORTH IT IMO). I would much rather take that $60 to the tables or spend it on food.   There are a couple of shops/restaurants in the plaza such as Sprinkles (Yes, this one has the cupcake atm machine) & the polaroid store, Kitson, etc. Not many stores that people would frequent.  Although the plaza is sandwiched between ghetto/old casinos (The Quad, formerly Imperial Palace, O'sheas, and the Flamingo),the restrooms are great here. Really clean and doesn't smell because each toilet has air freshners that work when you flush. There are mints in the restroom too and someone to open the door for you.  Not really worth it to go out of your way to check this place out.
4 The Linq has definitely improved the area between The Quad and Harrah's. Several shops and eateries line the area.  It's a great place to see and be seen.
5 I love the look & feel of this place. It reminds me of Downtown Disney. A great place to take a stroll and people watch.  A nice mix of shops, restaurants and bars. My favorite is the Polaroid Fotobar.  Looking foward to see what else opens up =)
3 First time visiting the Linq last night. I didn't go on the high roller Ferris wheel.  We mainly just walked around, browsed through the shops, and stopped by to get a cupcake at Sprinkles.  It was a Friday night so as you can imagine quite busy. Next visit I want to try one of the restaurants in the area. And maybe do more browsing at Kitson.  I like the "small town" feeling I get walking through the area. It definitely didn't feel like I was on the strip (except for the massive amount of tourists walking around).   I'm waiting for a locals discount for the high roller. Price seems a bit of a rip off. And I've been on the London Eye before. Guess Vegas just couldn't come up with something original *tsk tsk*
3 Am I one of the only few who isn't too impressed with The Linq?  There are a few restaurants here like The Yard House, there's a bowling alley, infamous LA-based Sprinkles Cupcakes, Ghirardelli chocolate shop  and some retail stores.  The Linq is supposed to be inspired by The Grove in Los Angeles. I got the concept of this since I have been to The Grove many times in my life when I used to live in Cali. But all in all, The Linq just does not live up to the hype. Maybe it's still "new" and not everything has moved in yet....but it was a snoozefest.  For all you shoppers out there....don't bother to go on a shopping spree. Besides Kitson, the shops here are not very well-known. But that's not the problem...unknown shops and boutiques sometimes turn out to be one of the best stores you've shopped at.  But I went into a small clothing boutique and items you can find at popular clothing stores are running at $150+. SAY WHAT!?!?! Ummm....no. I don't think so. I made a quick exit with that one. The clothing boutique was called Bella Scarpa...or something along the lines of that. I know it have the word "Bella" in the store name.  Parking is difficult to find. (Wait....I THINK there's a outdoor parking lot located off of Koval Lane. But we just parked at Caesars Palace and walked over.  The High Roller ferris wheel is $35.99 per person after 6pm. I believe it's $25.99 during the day. Is that worth the price? Tourists, you can be the judge. But as a local...hells to the no. I much rather spend my $26-36 on something more worthwhile.   I'm not going to completely rule this place out just yet. I'll give it a few more months when things are more settled in.
5 Awesome avenue full of great resturants for adults and kids! The High Roller was incredible. I did think the inside of the pods would be more fancy and have more seating, but the views were breathtaking! The Purple Zebra is a MUST MUST visit.
5 Right now locals ride during the day for $20 plus tax! Take advantage! Well worth it. Everything else is a bit over priced. The view from 550 feet is freakin' amazing. You can park behind the high roller coming from kovel lane And Flamingo. Parking is free for now . Enjoy!
2 The Linq is a strip mall persay. The only plus is they have a cupcake ATM at their cupcake store. Some of the stores are nice for browsing like the Polaroid store where you can take a life size pic in a Polaroid. Unless you go to the Linq and eat there and do the Ferris Wheel, I wouldn't waste my time.
4 The Linq was a gutted strip of land the last time I visited Vegas.  So, I was really surprised when I saw it.  Basically, its a medium price range outdoor mall, in a sea of casino malls.  But, the shops were more to my taste.  Less of the ultra chic fashion designer stores, and more of the funky stuff.  Garden gnomes giving you the finger.  Fresh squeezed juice, with alcohol add-in's.  Irish pub.  My wife and I actually spent a lot of time here, and really enjoyed it.
1 Very disappointed. I'm a local and I will never go back to the Linq. The biggest turn off was that even if your a customer in a bar or restaurant they won't give you a glass of water, they make you buy their expensive bottled water. Such bad service!! It's very hot in Vegas and I can understand if I'm not dining in your restaurant that you might want to charge me for water but not if I'm already spending money there. It's just businesses caring more about a $1 in their pocket then providing decent service to their customers who are already paying jacked up prices in their establishments because of the strip location.
5 This place is really the direction that I hope Las Vegas is heading.  This is the South-Strip big brother of the Downtown Container Park. Shamelessly more tourist- and chain-centric than Container Park, but awesome in its own right.  The adultness of the retailers is obvious, but not so overbearing that you do not feel awkward taking your kids here (during the day and early evening).  In fact, they will love it.    Brooklyn Bowl positively rules.  If you could take House Of Blues, combine it with a bowling alley, and throw in some great food, great bars, and cabana-like service, you might get the idea.  We spent an hour-and-a-half here at 1pm with our kids and were treated like royalty.  Seeing a show here is going to be ridiculous.    Squeeze took me a few minutes to figure out.  I walked in the east door thinking, "Oh, a candy shop."  I saw a wall of various drink vessels, some quite large on the west wall.  When I walked up and realized I was in a candy shop surrounded by a wall of self-serve margarita machines, it was an 'ah-ha' moment. Like a Roald Dahl book infused with ethanol.  Pretty cool.     There are a lot of restaurants and retailers here that I only walked by, but it looks like a step in the right direction.  Yes, I have been to The Grove and other similar, established places - but for Las Vegas? This is good stuff.  Don't compare, just enjoy.   Vegas, I like where you have been and I really like where you are going.  Lets keep mixing the two together and see what happens.
5 This addition to the strip was a well thought out one. Visually amazing with a fountain, I recommend coming when the sun is down for the lighting & heat from the sun. A few restaurants & shops in the walkway, leading out to the flamingo and the quad or just Las Vegas Blvd. I haven't been on the high roller yet so I can't say much except how beautiful it looks.
4 Came with a group of friends on a Saturday night. Its a very quaint place. Yardhouse, Sprinkles Cupcakes, Ghiradelli, Fukuburger (Fame), Pizzeria and among other restaurants and stores. It has a nice water fountain in the middle. Plenty of places to sit around it. Plenty of parking at the back of The Linq.  Personally, I think $35 is way too much to pay. If you're local it's $5 off. Regular prices are $25/day and $35/night. 30 mins actually went by pretty quickly. The pods hold at least 20 people comfortably. It has screens to tell you how high you are. What they don't tell you is that the ride doesn't stop for you to get on and off. So, you kind of have to hurry.  It was a cool experience. Glad that I had a chance to go.
5 Beautiful view, took some great pix and enjoyed the ride. Not much else to say other than I look forward to doing it again. :)
4 Love the new addition to the strip! The High Roller is located here, a HUGE Ferris wheel overlooking the strip. It reminds me a bit of LA with shops like Kitson and Sprinkles Cupcakes. Nice to take a relaxing stroll of the strip, I really loved almost every single shop here, great food, worth a visit!
3 Newest open-air shopping and dining area on the Strip, highlighted by the High Roller observation wheel! Located where the Quad and Flamingo converge, with it's own parking.  Highlights include Sprinkles and Kitson's first non-SoCal locations, Brooklyn Bowl (music venue and bar with dining, bowling, and live music), and of course- the High Roller.  Chayo, a Mexican food and drinks place, also has a mechanical bull, if you're into that sort of thing.  I am a little underwhelmed to see that two major dining/bar chains are here rather than local or new businesses- YardHouse and Twin Peaks.   In addition to the above, there are a few boutiques and also (allegedly) a gourmet hot dog place (I have yet to find), and if you're here late, the Sprinkles has a 24-hour cupcake ATM (thought I'm hesitant to try it).  Downside to this new area is the parking situation- while they have their own large designated lot (and valet service if you're into that sort of thing), the road off of Flamingo to Linq Lane is two lanes with a short light, and it gets backed up fast as the the parking garages from the Flamingo, Quad, AND Harrah's all let out to this area.
5 What a great use of what would normally be asphalt, barf and panhandlers! Kitschy little shops, somewhat over priced, but have you been to the Forum Shops across the street!?! Live entertainment, real street performers, not the stinky Hello Kitty costumed homeless out on the the main Strip....reminded me a lot of Downtown Disney with booze. I loved the Polaroid store and museum, and the lighted dancing waters. For those who drink, there is the Yardhouse and the Tilted Kilt....just a lot of fun in a small package.
4 The LINQ is cool! Lots of interesting shops and restaurants, plus THE HIGH ROLLERS!  What a great place for kids & all of you below the gambling age, or anyone of you who just wanna get away from the casino atmosphere for a while, to hang out at!
1 I was really enjoying myself walking along the Linq, until the unexpected happened!!! While walking back to the hotel along the Linq, all of a suddened, it was flooding.  I had no place to go.  I wasn't sure that what was gushing down the walk ways was water or sewage.  It smelled like water but the color said otherwise.  The security didn't know what to do about it.  My friend and I scurried into the Tilted Kilt and hid there.  Their security guards and managers were telling people that they couldn't come into the bar unless they'd already been inside and they had tabs to close or family to sit with at a table that they needed to have already.  Umm, NO!!  Luckily, my friend that I was with was US Military and he (by law) needed to be let inside. YAY!! Anyway, we ran up the stairs and hid up there.  We were watching all the chaos below and were glad that there weren't tons more people charging upstairs.  The water was so much and so high that it was coming into the bar and was pressed against the doors.  Finally folks put sand bags together and tried to get the water away from the doorways.  Eventually, hours later, we were escorted out of the bar and out a side entrance.  The fire marshall said that the Linq was at possible risk of a another main break.  And if that were to happen, we'd all be at risk of being trapped in by fire. So, the evacuation was necessary. Ugh.  I was not only unable to get back to my room but I was also trapped inside the bar.  People were so panicked that they were trying to climb into the windows of the bar.  Managers had to seal the windows. That's when we knew we were really trapped.  Needless to say, it was an eventful trip at the Linq on Saturday, June 14th. Oh damn!  I hope the Linq gets it together so that this doesn't happen again. This was not well planned out, the evacuation and what not.  I hope that this was a learning experience for them.   Other than that, I really enjoyed the cool shops and the plethora of eateries.  I hope that they can get it together by the time that I visit again next month.
3 So after all the construction that caused a lot of traffic on the strip right in front of The Quad and Flamingo Hotels, this outdoor shopping/restaurant tourist attraction is what came about? Not impressed. Located in between The Quad and Flamingo casinos, it's not any more different than any other typical outdoor venue in Vegas. Maybe its because I live here. On second thought, even if I was a visitor I would still not be too impressed. Shopping over at The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace across the street is more impressive and that is already an overstatement.  Yeah, you have some shops and restaurants. Even a water fountain which is expected by default. Nothing particular that stood out. You also have the Brooklyn Bowl which is a restaurant/bowling alley/concert venue.  The day I went, that same night, a Yelp friend of mine instagramed a video of the very walkway that we were on was flooded. Apparently a water mane broke but she noted that the water was brownish in color and was possibly raw sewage. Eww. The Linq quickly became The Stink.  The only thing that might be close to being impressive is the High Roller observation tower which is currently the world record holder of being the tallest by about 13 feet. It's even 100 feet taller than the Eye of London.  Parking is a mess. You can park at either The Quad or The Flamingo parking structures which in my opinion are both out dated and are poorly designed. You can also park all the way down just past the High Roller or do valet.  Lastly, cell phone reception sucks here. Either that or my carrier which is AT&T, has no point of reference for this area. You barely get any signal walking around outside. As soon as you go inside any of the venues, your signal is completely dead.  So now that I have checked it out, im glad I wasnt one of many who rushed out there just to see what the hype was about. Apparently, there wasnt any. Just another basic tourist attraction that would warrant just one visit.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #149 "You are the weakest Linq. Goodbye!"
4 This is actually nice, narrow strip of shopping and dining. I particularly like that it's rather shaded because of the surrounding buildings. So it can be a pleasant place to walk around, even in the extreme summer heat. And there's plenty of good dining and drinking options. I was skeptical, but it's actually a nice addition to the Strip.
4 Nice addition to Vegas strip! LV needed an updated outdoor mall. It's hip with Kitson, drinks are flowing with Tilted Kilt and Yardhouse, and there's desserts galore. We took a nice stroll and enjoyed the pretty lights from the new world's tallest Ferris wheel, the High Roller. It's beautiful and overwhelmingly big!
4 "Expensive, but would you expect less in Las Vegas?"  Opened in early 2014, the LINQ is sandwiched between the Flamingo and Quad on the Strip (Las Vegas Boulevard) in Las Vegas. Many options to grab and expensive snack, shop for a special souvenir, or grab the gang for some beer pong games at O'Shea's. This outside walk thru area leads to the High Roller, the oversized "ferris wheel" with pods moving a foot per second giving the rider a view of the strip. The LINQ is a nice place to visit, but I think might be better if you stop for a drink or a quick something to eat and do some people- watching. Las Vegas is the best place to grab a chair and watch the people go by, and the LINQ provides a number of options. I've heard tell one of the restaurants has really good pizza. Will need to try them out next trip!
4 The Linq is located between the Quad and the Flamingo hotels. As the name suggests, it was created to link the Flamingo and the Quad together. You have access to both hotels from the Linq. There is also access to Las Vegas Blvd. and to Linq Ln.  There is an ice cream shop, pizza place, Starbucks, restaurants,..etc. what I really like about this place is Fuku burger opened a little spot here inside of Fame. Great burgers!!  There is also the Brooklyn Bowl where they have concerts. There is a little bit of everything at the Linq. There is also plenty of self parking options and they offer valet parking.  There is outdoor seating at most of the bars and restaurants here too. At the very end, opposite LV Blvd, you can access the High Roller. It is the tallest observation wheel in the world. I have not been on it due to the fact that being up that high makes me sick..lol. Guess I won't be reviewing the High Roller. Everyone seems to enjoy it though.  I would recommend spending some time down at the Linq and enjoying what it has to offer.
4 This is a new fashion district where they sell high end clothing, have various restaurants, and of course that huge High Roller ferris wheel. Day tickets were $19.95. Night tickets go up in price is all I will say. I just wanted a pic of the High Roller and had no interest in riding it. Maybe one day.  But not on this day. This is built right next to the Flamingo and is across the street from Cesars Palace (who I think owns the property). Definitely a Vegas spot to visit.
4 To me, The Linq is a very welcome addition to the Strip.  They turned a boring empty alley way between what used to be O'Shea's and The Flamingo into a must-see destination with a very diverse and unique collection of restaurants, shops, bars, and it is all anchored with The High Roller at the very end.  I love how all the restaurants and bars have outdoor patio areas that are great for people-watching.  Not everything is open yet, and there are still many vacant areas which gives The Linq potential for more great gathering spots.  For me, it's become a great place to unwind and grab a bite at Brooklyn Bowl or F.A.ME.  It's worth checking out if you've got some time to kill on the Strip.
4 The Linq is a new fun little area (like a mini LA) right across from Caesar's Palace, on the North end of the strip. I must say that it totally makes the Flamingo seem less outdated, at least from the back. I mean, the front of the Flamingo is still old and reeks too much of Osmond, but baby steps...baby steps..  The Linq is also home to the High Roller, a totally overpriced ferris wheel. I talked to the lady working at the Eiffel Tower, and she told me that the High Roller is actually higher than the Eiffel Tower in the Paris Hotel. If you want to ride the High Roller, I highly suggest going on GROUPON before you break bank on a night ride. Also, on Father's Day, dads ride for free. I know I'm a little late in saying this, but something to keep in mind next year, I guess. The downside the High Roller? There's no bathroom in it!!! And it's an hour long ride!!!  There's also a Sprinkles cupcake (with infamous ATM), Yardhouse restaurant, Ghirardelli, Kitson, and Kitson-store knockoff. It's a nice variety of things that again, reminds me of LA.   During the day the area isn't as crowded yet. There's still not enough hype, but what I did find is restaurants in this area are more affordable.
4 The Linq is the newest hot spot on the Strip for not only tourists but locals as well. I haven't had the chance to ride the ferris wheel yet but I am planning to on a Tuesday night because I've heard that locals get a discounted price. Tuesday nights during the summer have been spent hanging out at the Bloq Party at the Linq. This is located next to Fame and Fukuburger. There's DJs and loud music playing. Even a silent DJ area where you put on headphones and rave with those around you. They have a couple stores like the Polaroid store and Kitson. There's a Ghirardelli chocolate store (been waiting for one of these in Vegas!!!), a Sprinkles, the Brooklyn Bowl, a Hot Dog place, and a Yard House. There's an OShea's Casino and Pub and a Tilted Kilt eatery. I've seen a Pizza place and lots of other things to do! It's not a long walk, and may be short but there is a ton to do. Their restrooms are clean. And it's a lot better to go at night when it's not as hot in the day time. Lots and lots of parking and I always have a good time when I come out here. It's as if we're not in Vegas anymore!!
4 The High Roller was amazing! I absolutely loved the ride and the view, it was beautiful.  The Linq itself was nice, I think it is a great addition to the strip.  There were several affordable shops and restaurants as well as bars. I got a beer for $3 which is very reasonable.  Parking is a big MESS.  You can either choose to park at Flamingo or The Quad, since The Quad is the newer hotel we parked there. WHAT A MISTAKE! The parking structure was the same as when it was Imperial House.  We had to walk through a bunch of seedy hallways which were hot and stunk like sewage.  We realized that you have to walk through the dog relief area just to get to the casino.  REALLY? The elevators were disgusting, they clearly were not redone and were the same old elevators. The smell was disgusting and the carpet looked like it had not been cleaned in years.  The Quad is dirty and is nothing new, I would highly suggest you run out of there immediately.  If you choose to park either do Valet at the Linq itself which you can find behind the Quad off the strip.  There is also self parking as well behind the strip. You would be better off parking farther away than having to walk through raw sewage smells and dark scary hallways.
4 Love this new outside open-air shopping and dining area on the Strip! Adds a great new and clean place to enjoy.  With the super cool High Roller observation wheel! It is located in between The Quad and The Flamingo casinos. And it conveniently has its own parking.   There are many great places to stop.... Sprinkles Cupcakes, Kitson, Brooklyn Bowl (bowling alley, music venue and bar with dining and plenty of live music), and some great restaurants- Chayo, Flour & Barley, Tilted Kily, Yardhouse, The Haute Doggery, and many fun lil shops to visit along the way.  I recommend checking the Linq out- and I do hope this spot continues to grow and offer many new and exciting options!
4 Ok had to stop by here to see what it was about it 's a little outdoor area between the Quad Casino and the Flamingo there are eating places like Yard House and Brooklyn Bowling. There is a Sprinkles and a Ghiradelli chocolate also a Tlted Kilt bar. The main attraction there is the Highroller ferris wheel from what i heard is like 30 min ride and best to go on a dusk or at night to capture all the great pictures. Then you can go to the photo print store and get them printed right on the spot I'm sure it may be pricey. Anyways a nice place to check out when you have time.
4 I was so excited that this place finally opened the second time my hubs and I came around. Since my BIL had never been to Vegas, I was even more excited to go on L. We ended up buying tickets outside of Flamingo and ended up getting lost. But once we made it to the right location, we had no issues getting in or had to wait very long. They do offer a drink bar and restrooms prior to you getting on the pod.  I really liked the fact that they don't try and squeeze too many people into a pod and the small seating areas on the ends of the pod. I would have to say almost everyone inside stayed standing and were busy taking pictures.  Once you get inside, they have a video playing while you go around and at various times, they will let you know how high you are. I didn't realize this before, but the tickets for L, does increase depending on what time of day you are going to go on it. We paid a little over $30 per person...so it does it pricey! But it's definitely a cool sight to see during sunset and worth it if you've never been that high and want to see everything.
5 This place was near my hotel which was Harrah's and wow, I feel in love with this place! The high roller is here and there are so many things to do here. It was packed when I first came with my boyfriend and like every tourist that first comes here, we were in awe. There was also a street show where a couple of guys dance, bang on buckets, and jump over people and it was very entertaining to watch! This is one of the places to be at night! My favorite stores are Kitson, Sprinkles Cupcakes & Ice Cream, and the Polaroid Fotobar where you upload your pictures and the store turns them into polaroids for only a $1 each depending on the size! Definitely recommended!
5 This is my new favorite area in Las Vegas. It has everything you need, plus it's so unlike the rest of Las Vegas in that it is so new it still feels clean. There are plenty of bar options here. I recommend The Yard House or Tilted Kilt. I have also been on the main attraction High Roller tour, which is definitely the cost of a ticket at just over $20 dollars. You can win a ticket by getting a suited blackjack at Flamingo. There are also plenty of sweet treats in this stretch too like cakes at Sprinkles. The shopping here is also pretty unique, like the Kodak Foto Bar. This also seems to be the new hangout for Vegas locals, where they don't mind mixing with all the tourists. I expect this area to be even more bustling and appealing later this year when the run down Quad Hotel becomes the new LINQ Hotel.
3 This area was ok for the Hype that was given for it. To ride the High Roller at the  Linq it is $35 a person plus entertainment tax. Did not do that. They have many shops and Pubs along the walk way. It was a change from what was there.
5 Love this new outdoor area in Las Vegas. With bars, restaurants, shops and the best thing the Highroller it's perfect for summer nights or cooler days.
3 I've been here a million times. Every time I have visitor from other states I make sure to bring them here. At first I did pay for a very expensive ride at the High Roller then eventually I saw coupons and deals from groupons and living social. So please people, before you guys start buying and paying for high prices ride here better check the deals online first. Soon there will be a hotel opening "The Linq" I guess on October and they are offering $99 with 2 ride tickets on weekends. :D
4 The Linq is really fun! It definitely has a "Downtown Disney" feel - it's clean, new, has hand-picked shops and restaurants, and is a total tourist trap. But it's nice, and I like it!  It's a great addition to the Strip and is definitely better than how it used to be. There's lots of fun shops and food, you can find some spots of shade or stand under outdoor misters, grab a beer at the walk-up Yard House counter, or just hang out when you're not gambling. Easy access from the Linq to the area behind the Flamingo including Battista's Hole-in-the-Wall and walking distance to the Westin. It also has a Kitson, a Sprinkles, Tilted Kilt... lots of different spots that cater to whatever you're in the mood for.  It has a convenient side-entrance into both the Flamingo and the Quad. I'll definitely be returning on future Vegas trips.
5 This place is definitely a must visit in Vegas! Tucked off the strip, but still right there, it feels like a Fremont street without being downtown or ghetto. I am impressed with their use of unused space, and will definitely have to visit again! We rode the high roller, which was amazing, and then strolled thru the street amongst the wide selection of bars & shops.
5 There are a few things that I am good at and one of them is walking.  I will park for free from just about anywhere and walk to my destination.  The Linq is a worthwhile destination!  The Linq is situated between the Quad and Flamingo Hotels.  It's like a block party in the clean, new, & spacious alley between the two casinos.  I went to the Linq twice on my last Vegas vacation.  Once in the evening and once in the day time.  Both were different and great experiences!  The first time was kind of by accident.  I had gone to the Flamingo for the Olivia Newton-John concert (Donny & Marie were on leave).  After the show, I walked around the Flamingo & saw the signs that pointed to the Linq.  I thought I may as well take a look since I was there already!  Wow!  It was cool!  It felt like I was at Downtown Disney, but with more adults and less children.  I thought it was probably better to go at night when it was a bit cooler (not 109 degrees like in the daytime).  There were so many shops, bars, and restaurants that I was overwhelmed.    I checked out Purple Zebra because of its name.  I looked inside and thought it was a candy store and make-your-own-slush shop.  After a while, I figured out that it was a margarita self-serve place!  How novel - there were many flavors & colors!  I loved that they had a whole section of Hello Kitty treats!  She's so cute!!  I recognized names such as Starbucks, Ghiradelli, and Yard House.  Sprinkles Cupcakes and F.A.M.E. with its Fukuburger were intriguing.  Kitson and Koto were cute shops.  There was a salon and an accessories shop, too!  I was just mesmerized by the High Roller... it was so tall and glowing!  The High Roller is the tallest ferris wheel in the world!  At 550 feet and 360 degree views, it takes about half an hour to do a full rotation.  It reminded me of an escalator that doesn't stop.  Like the Haunted House ride at Disneyland, you would just walk into the cabin or "pod" as it continues moving.  Forty people can fit into one compartment.  They recommend that you go to the restroom before boarding.  It's $24.95 in the day time and changes to $35.95 at 7pm.  If you are age 12 and under, it's a FREE ride!  The second time I went to the Linq was in the daytime.  I drove down Flamingo, headed east and slowed down when I saw the blue sign and white words, "The LINQ" and arrow that pointed left.  Trying to follow the signs, I went straight to the end of the road and turned left when I had to.  It ended up being the parking lot for Harrah's.  I parked in the first stall that was empty and walked a relatively short distance to the Linq.  It was the end where the valet and taxi area is.    There seemed to be less people around, but still quite a happening place. Many tourists like me were taking lots of pictures. The "misters" were lightly spraying visitors so we could keep cool in the summer heat.  I was just there for one reason: to try the Fukuburger.  There are 6 types.  I got the #1 and the #2.  Both were really good & I'll go back for the other 4!    The Linq was a really fun place to go and I for sure will return!
