5 The new Grassroots at 20th St & Camelback Rd is fantastic.  I give it my highest recommendation.  The food, service and atmosphere should be experienced by all.  When you do check it out I suggest ordering the brisket...not to mention the grits that come along with it...you're welcome!
5 An elevated neighborhood experience with a kitchen cranking out classic southern-influenced American cuisine.  Huge fan of Grassroots in Scottsdale, and the new Phoenix location is right there with it. We live in the area and the versatility of the menu and friendly staff will have us coming back regularly.
5 Fantastic experience from start to finish! Inviting atmosphere and friendly service.  Smoked salmon appetizer was savory perfection.  Chopped salad was a fun twist with excellent flavors, not your average salad. The shrimp and grits are amazing with a touch of spice, the best I've ever had.  I am excited to have such a great new go to spot in the Camelback corridor. I will definitely be back again and again!
5 I had the best brisket sandwich of my life!!! The melt in your mouth brisket comes with a great thin barbecue sauce. On top came their tangy slaw, and my goodness it provided an amazing crunch.  It came with their shoestring fries which are seasoned and cooked to perfection. I also had their white sangria which was the perfect amount of sweet, and complemented my meal perfectly! The atmosphere was open, happy, and inviting, I couldn't help but to feel at home. The service was also friendly and they had answers to all of my questions.  I will definitely be back, both here and their Scottsdale location!!
5 This 2nd grassroots fits well with town and country. Really great bar area. Same unreal food and service as first restaurant. Good happy hour dishes for all tastes. Def recommend for happy hour or a date.
5 Awesome restaurant! A must go to. Great ambiance in a great location. The food is excellent and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend trying the shrimp po boy sandwich or the burger, But it's all delicious.
3 I need another visit before I really know.  I went for happy hour and tried the Piggly Wiggly (a lovely nod to my Midwest upbringing)    The asparagus was okay, the prosciutto rather salty.  The ribs were tender but not much flavor.  the port belly was really tough and dried out.   Whatever sauce was served with it was too salty.  I could not figure out why the crusty bread.   it did not go with anything.   At least with a soft bread I could have put some of the meat in it.  It felt completely disjointed and just things put on a plate.    Service was wonderful, ambiance delightful.    It really calls for a return visit.
4 Went in for lunch.  Very friendly staff, greeted as I walked in, food was amazing.  The only negative was the price. It's expensive for lunch. Plan to spend $20 for lunch, not something most can do every day.
1 I am sorry to say that my wife and I had a worse experience here than any other I can remember.  We didn't stay to try the food.  There were 2 of us for lunch.  There were many open tables.  We were obviously unhappy with being sat at a high top style table (that seated 4).  My wife was having difficulty getting onto the chair - she is 5'3" and was wearing a skirt.  The waitress the we had was rude, unaccommodating, and snarky.  She waited for my wife to struggle into her seat, while I mentioned that a high top was not optimal.  After my wife was settled, the waitress snarkily said "well you could have asked for another seat."   This place isn't Denny's. The sandwiches are $12 - $16 each.  I am sure that they are tasty.  My wife and I both felt that the waitress was out of line.  She made us feel as if she was put upon by having us there.  We left and ate at Bianco's.  As we walked out the door, she followed us, continuing to make snarky comments as I looked around to find a manager.  Since I was unable to find a manager, we left rather than be berated by her  Despite this, we may actually come back.  the food is supposed to be good.  If it doesn't work out, there are many other options within walking distance.
5 Outstanding food and service. A must try, it will become one of your local favorites.
4 I just came home stuffed and happy after my first visit to Grassroots Kitchen & Tap. Since it has opened, I had heard nothing but rave reviews....I'm happy to report it lived up to every single one of them. The service was amazingly helpful and friendly and the food was incredible. I work at Town and Country, so I will be going back quite often.  Well done, Grassroots. You've definitely gained my business.
5 What a beautiful and delish spot to dine and drink. My husband and I were drawn in because I love all things green and organic... But in addition to having organic and locally sourced dishes the staff is amazing. Amber, our beautiful, friendly and welcoming bartender gave us a sample of the sirloin chili... Yum!!! Give this place a try ASAP.
5 We heard about this place from a few friends and decided to check it out. Although it isn't really a chain, thank God, this is the second location a bit further west from its Scottsdale flagship.  What a great addition to T and C Shopping Center!  Peg and I found it welcoming and the interior was inviting. Clean and fresh looking without being "flavor of the month" like some chains that pop up trendiness on a regular basis.  MIndy was our server (although others took care of providing great service) and Jordan was gracious and quality-controlling. The Red Bean and RIce soup was terrific.  The Brisket platter was delicious....brisket was fork tender and yummy and the usual sides (bbq beans but a nice twist with japeno grits) were not usual...they were very tasty. Shrimp po'boy was also good and worth a repeat as well. Gumbo is on the menu for a different night special...like the red beans are for Mondays. While not typically dessert tasters, key lime pie is always at least worth a few words...and theirs is the real deal. To show their versatility, they offer a tuna poke app which was was very very good. I would strongly recommend this place!  It will make a great  neighbor for Chris Bianco's place a few doors down.
4 Great location. Our server was out going but not obnoxious. I really enjoyed their play on the greyhound. My chopped salad was a treat with 14 different vegetables in it.
5 they went out of their way to make our stay as amazing as possible.  they accommodated a party of 12 without batting an eye and comped us appetizers and deserts without us even asking.  seriously a class act all the way
4 Great service and great food, pork belly appetizer is awesome
5 I found Grassroots because I was hungry on a Sunday at 8pm and they were still open. I'm so glad I found them. The food was wonderful, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the music was great too. The whole environment was welcoming and well designed. I can't wait to visit again.
5 Highly recommend it. Get yourself a refreshing beverage like the woodchuck pear cider from Vermont or the Georgia iced tea. Start with the 85259 creamy burrata. Then move on to the Carolina Baby Back which are fall of the bone delicious. Then finish it off with the Chocolate Toffee Brownie and you will leave satisfied.     We tried a good portion of the menu and had no complaints. Make sure you try this place.
5 Chris and Wally got this one right.  What a a great place for a casual dinner.  The food is excellent and reasonably priced.  Phoenix needs a restaurant like this.  Its manager, Jason Blumer, is a wonderful host.  He has a great personality and understands hospitality.  We dine out a lot and will be sure to make Grassroots a frequent stop.  I would encourage you to give this place a try - I know you will be pleased.  Dick B.
5 Fantastic. I had the Shrimp Po Boy and my girlfriend had the Blackened Fish Sandwich, but we split half and half.   While the fish sandwich was us trying something new and not really out taste buds, is was good. The fish was cooked absolutely perfectly, and that's not something we say often. We avoid fish mostly because of that.  The Shrimp Po Boy on the otherhand was amazingly delicious. We almost ordered one to go! However we settled for a Coconut Pie, which had us both laying back wishing we had larger stomachs. By far the best Coconut Pie we've ever had. I am craving one as I write this.  We will be back often.
4 Since I have been off of work this past week, I have been trying to be good and going to hot yoga.... now, the only problem is my studio is right next to this place. Day after day I was tempted by their delicious barbeque -y smells wafting in my direction. Today, the husband and I went for happy hour. Very happy we did. The happy hour menu was good, food items under 10$ with large portion sizes. We split the piggly wiggly and the brisket sliders. The sliders were great, shredded brisket, bbq sauce, and a pickle... can't beat it... also, they were not cheap with the meat because of happy hour, the brisket was falling out of the buns. The piggly wiggly was a nice way to try a bunch of their offerings as it consists of pork belly, asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and some baby back ribs with bread and a spicy jam. I thought the pork belly was the weakest showing, with it having a lot of unrendered fat, but the meaty parts were good and that is kind of just the nature of pork belly, the asparagus was really good and had a tasty crumb on top of it, and the ribs were great, fall off the bone tender, and full of smokey flavor. We also got a couple of drinks... I got the gimlet, which was a tasty gin drink with basil and cucumber. The husband got a manhattan (his signature drink), but he thought it was just ok. The tab was 30$ after everything, so a pretty good deal. I would certainly recommend this place for happy hour.
5 Yelp hasn't disappointed me yet. Excellent dinner here. Great atmosphere, tasty food and attentive service. I had brisket and hubby had ribs.
5 The food, the ambiance, the staff were amazing. I had the pork chop and it was so much food. They brought us the key lime pie and the brownie and they both were so delicious. I will be coming back here often. PS, the appetizer and the dessert were free.
5 Tried the salmon with dip and the ribs, both were great!  They are very close competition to Hillstone which I love. Will definitely be back!
5 Although I really liked the Cajun restaurant that used to be at this location, I'm REALLY happy Grassroots has opened up in its place!  They totally redid the decor (it's much better now with an open layout and fancy Southern furnishings - kind of what I'd imagine Paula Deen's house would look like :P).  Let's start with the appetizers.  The bruschetta with burratta and tomato jam was my favorite.  That burratta was the creamiest cheese I've ever eaten.  I try to avoid dairy for dietary reasons, but that stuff was so good, I couldn't stop sneaking bites of it.  We also tried the asparagus wrapped with bacon.  I don't know what they did to the asparagus, it was prepared very simply, but somehow so full of flavor!  We also sampled the shrimp/ahi tuna dip on top of chips. I really enjoyed the combo of fish and jalapeno.  We were fighting each other for the last chunks of tuna on the plate.  For my entree I ordered the BBQ brisket that came with jalapeno cheddar grits and beans and pickles.  Grits have never been my thing, but these were really tasty!  Dense and hearty and creamy with just the right amount of bite from the jalapenos.  The brisket was great, so tender I could cut it with my fork.  I appreciate that they didn't smother the plate in BBQ sauce.  The owner was so nice, he brought out an extra plate of grits for my friends to try, since not everyone'se entree came with them and he told us everyone HAD to try a bite!  Judging from my friends' reactions, everyone else also really enjoyed their food.  My friend who is a vegetarian ESPECIALLY enjoyed their veggie offering of a farmer's vegetable plate.  It came with a wide variety of veggies and it was much appreciated since at most restaurants she's just limited to salads.  Lastly, dessert.  I tried a little of everyone's desserts and they were all great!  I think my fave was the coconut creme pie, the crust was so delicious.  Someone at our table also ordered the banana splti sundae and that thing was HUGE.  The toffee brownie was also so rich and tasty.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!   I hope to be back soon!
5 Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Fun atmosphere.  Loved the menu with so many terrific selections to choose from.  When we were in doubt about something (the grits? which pie?) the server just brought a dish of each to try as lagniappe, as he said: a no cost extra.  Both were outstanding, by the way.  I had the best brisket ever and the filet of beef was superb.  What ever you do don't miss the Key Lime pie!  The drinks were ample, not stingy served in small glasses over a lot of ice as so many Valley restaurants have begun to do.  Since the menu is broad, we will come back often whether for lunch or dinner.  This place is a real WINNER!
5 This place is the shit!!! Especially when you can walk across the street! Welcome to the neighborhood!
5 Went for lunch grabbed a seat at the bar and enjoyed some of the best service, friendliest people and excellent food. Poke starter well proportioned and flavorful (recommended side of coleslaw is a must) and ahi tuna salad were well balanced, well proportioned and reasonably priced for quality and freshness of food. Would go back in a heartbeat to have another key lime pie that was the best this side of the Mississippi.
4 Good food, cute décor, great location, but definitely overpriced. We had the muffaletta (sp?) and a chicken and walnut salad, and both were very good, but they were $18 and $15, so kinda high for lunch. They have a good beer selection and happy hour deals, so I might return some day.
5 In the old Baby Kays space at Town & Counrty. Great variety of of high quality dishes and craft beers. Had the Ahi sandwich and lobster bisque excellent. Looks a good happy hour spot. Will back soon for lunch, happy hour or both.
5 Living down the street, the wife and I have wanted to try this place for a long time.  My parents visiting town for her birthday proved to be the perfect occasion  We started with the dad's grocery bag appetizer which was an excellent start   I had the ribs, which were so tender I didn't need a knife, they split once the fork hit. The jalepeno grits were also a nice addition    For desert the key lime pie was a very refreshing treat. Everyone was also raving about the coffee which was  fantastic and came with a very real cream.  Our server Jake was wonderful- prompt, friendly, kept my soda full and made good recommendations.   Will be back!
4 Grassroots rates 3 1/2 stars for me but I'll round up with 4 stars for this review. They serve the beer ice cold which I love. I started off with the appetizer of the pulled pork sliders which were delicious. For the main course I had the sliced brisket with some funky side to it which was forgettable as far as I'm concerned. They don't give you enough BBQ Sauce so you have to ask for more. The brisket was just okay for me, and for what they were charging it should have tasted much better.  The service was decent. This place is a great alternative if you ever get stuck waiting in line at that hip pizza place across the way. I would definitely come back and try some other menu items. Just when I thought it was safe to carry the Discover Card I find out that this place doesn't accept it. I think the Discover Card was rolled out in the mid 1980's. Hey Grassroots, if you want to be that upscale and sophisticated go to restaurant and bar then you'll have to accept all major credit cards.
4 So I just quit my shit job the other day & found out I got the job I really wanted today, so the misses & I were in celebration mode. We were thinking of going to the usual spots but I think we were both in the state of mind to try something new. We've seen this place every time we go to TJs & it popped into my brain.  We decided to sit inside. There's quite a lot of foot traffic in the patio area & didn't feel like being judged by the gym people. The interior is pretty cool. The walls open up to the patio area so even if you're inside, u get the open feel of a patio. The music was pretty good. Some songs you hear everywhere but some were more deep tracks. We were a lil early for dinner, around 430 so we were greeted by the bartender. Really like the fact he didn't try to schmooze us, he was just quick & helpful. Sunny was our server & was great. We mentioned it was our first time here & asked her for recommendations. She happily obliged & seemed very knowledgeable. We had some of the tap wines for 7 bones a glass. I had the pinot noir, she had the cab. I liked mine better but hers was good too. C'mon, its wine. Either way I'm downing it. We started off w the wings. We knew they were not traditional hot wings, they are BBQ. They were ok. Nothing exciting. I still destroyed them but I'm not ordering them again. They were on the sweet side & I'm sweet enough as it is. Ok main courses...I ordered the burger w bacon & fries, she had the southern style shrimp & grits. I got my burger and almost had an anxiety attack, recalling my experience from the place across the patio (see Cyprus Grill review) but this had all the characteristics of a decent burger...and it was. I ordered it medium but it was cooked medium well. Despite that, I still enjoyed it. Midfeast we switched plates. Damn, she got me. She had won this battle. Her dish was far superior. The grits were jalepeño cheddar...best grits I've ever had.....you know what I think I've only had grits one other time..but they sucked! These are great. The MVP of the night was the shrimp. These shrimp had dominated my fries & punched my burger right in the vajayjay. They woulda murdered all my wings too had they still been on the table. They were served on the grits w this tasty relish with bits of I think chorizo. They know how to cook shrimp to perfection here. Get some grits on your fork, top it w a shrimp, stick that in your cake hole & get ready to fucken die. It was so good it made me angry. My sweetheart was like, hey babe are u ok? You got the job, everything's gonna be ok. I'm like no its this fucking shrimp, its so delicious gawd damn it. She says ok just calm down, here...eat your burger.  The service was excellent. I'm not giving full marks because the wings were ok & my burger was cooked a lil too well but we will come back here to try some other dishes. Try it out.
4 Although the prices are high, the food is delicious. There wasn't too long of a wait, although i did go during the day. Both my boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our plates. The jalapeno grits are delicious and just the right level of spicy. Ribs and brisket-delicious!! Love Love Love!
4 Very nice. Stopped in one afternoon for a couple beers. We also had the burrata as an appetizer. The arugula was fresh and bitter, the burrata was creamy and decadent, the tomato jam was sweet and tasty, and the bread was crispy and delicious. All together, it was a perfect combination. It was a great accompaniment to our drinks.  Service was good. I wish we were hungrier because the menu looked great. I will definitely be back.
5 Okay, this will be a rare review for me.  This is a review of a restaurant I have never been to.  My wife went there tonight to meet her mom and to see what all the rave was about.      Apparently, this place KNOCKED IT OUT OF THE PARK.  My wife called me on the way home and said "Oh my god, this is the best place I have ever been to and it blow the Henry away (see my review on Henry).  I thought wow, glad you really enjoyed it.  She then informed me that she had a "take home surprise" for me.  Yep, there was a task little sampler platter she brought home so I could try it.  The sampler consisted of Short Ribs (AMAZEBALLS), and the Pork Belly Appetizer (also incredible), the grits with jalapeño pieces (WOWZA), the smoked salmon appetizer (TAH DYE FOH) and last but not least the Key Lime Pie (BEST KEY LIME I HAVE EVER HAD).  Needless to say, on a pure food level it gets my highest ranking (as it did for my wife and mother-in-law as well).  But if you have been reading Attorney Steve's "find your sizzle reviews" you know that food is only part of the equation, and service and environment must also be weighed and factored in.  Again, I was not there, but I have it on good information that they KILLED IT in these areas as well.  I will quote my wife (now this is hearsay, but I believe it is an exception to the hearsay rule "the excited utterance" if you are a legal buff).  Here is what she says:  1.  "When you walk in you feel like you are in someones beautiful comfy warm home";  2.  "The service, (including the chef coming over and asking how the meal was), to the friendly servers who did the same, and to Jordan who went above and beyond to make sure our first time there was phenomenal.  He hit the mark, as did all the others."  3. "I have been to a lot of very, very very nice restaurants in my life time and I have never been treated as well as I have tonight at Grassroots."  So there you have it folks.  If you don't go to this place you are MISSING OUT.  The only concern we now have is that with this and other positive reviews we will no longer be able to get a table when we go there (I am sure they would come up with a solution for that as well).  At any rate, this is a MUST TRY - get  out, get it done and go here!    Enjoy, and find your sizzle!  Attorney Steve, the Business and Real Estate Lawyer http://www.AttorneySteve.net
1 Could not have been more disappointed in this restaurant.  My soup was awful (sweet with no spice) and my wife's trout was fishy (not very fresh).  I am rarely one to complain but I was surprised enough by the low quality to say something.  The server responded by being rude and the manager was dismissive.  I frequent Town and Country often so I hope this place fails and something better replaces it.
4 Based on just one lunch visit it's too hard to determine if the Grassroots Kitchen is deserving of four or five stars but I can tell you it was pretty DARN GOOD! Also very solid and above average!  I was going to order a Chicken Salad of some sort but the server tells me about the Fish Sandwich of the day that was Ono and the Vegetable Side of the day that was Tri Color Cauliflower with Mustard Sauce, Pecans, Golden Raisins so I had to go with that. It was so good simple but so many details done to perfection. The good quality  Bun was carefully toasted and buttered. The Tomato and pickle slices were very high quality. The sauce was extremely flavorful and delicious and the fish was cooked to perfection.   The Farmers Side of Tri Color Cauliflower was also fresh and delicious and very much above average.  My husband was thrilled with the Shrimp Po Boy and Jalapeño Cheddar Grits! He said his plate was so good that it will be very hard to order something different next time.  As delicious as my sandwich was I was careful not to completely fill my self up and held back eating half my bun to save room for their specialty dessert Key Lime Pie.  WOW this REALLY was the BEST Key Lime Pie I ever tasted. It isn't a beauty for presentation but the crust ratio was perfect. It was the just right sweet, tangy and Just bitter enough. Wow it was really good!  Service was great too!  4.5 Stars
5 This will be a must-go whenever I am within two hours of a Grassroots Kitchen and Tap.  The ambiance is really cool and funky.  Very much going for that "home-y" feel.  Lots of wood, benches, communal table, etc.  It is a very inviting place.  Then there's the food.  The brisket sandwich was one of the best I have had.  SO good.  Fries were pretty good.   To me a "Tap" house should have a bit more exotic beer list, but they did have some local brews and hipster flair, which served me well, and really, when have I had a beer that was "bad"?  the seasonal chop was not really what I was expecting.  It tasted good, but it was not what I think of as a chopped salad, it was more of a slaw with a bit of Greek salad influence.  I just left that place feeling very good about the experience, and wanting to return.
5 Probably my favorite restaurant in this area!
4 I can confidently say this will be my newest "go to" spot in the neighborhood. Prior to actually eating here, I had visited Grassroots Kitchen & Tap for just drinks. The drinks were made well and the prices seemed fair. They have a pretty good selection of wines bottled & on tap. The beers average about $6 but you can get a pitcher for about $12. It's a great deal and even better if you go during happy hour. The bar has a great atmosphere and the bartenders are all very friendly. After a few fun experiences of just hanging out at the bar, I finally actual got a chance to eat here this weekend! It was AMAZING!   First we started with their soup of the day, Black Bean Sirloin Chili. We ordered a side of bread to go with it so we could all share it as an appetizer.. It was the perfect way to start our meal. Lots of flavor and they don't skimp on the sirloin portions. For dinner I had the Vegetable Platter, my husband had the Half Chicken, my mom had the BBQ Brisket, and my dad had the Short Ribs. The Vegetable platter was shockingly very filling and had tons of flavor. I was afraid I would miss eating meat for dinner, but I ended up not missing it at all. It was perfect! The kale had a great garlicky flavor and the tomatoes and blue cheese mix is now one of my favorite flavor combinations that I'm definitely going to try to mimic at home. I got to taste a bite of all the dishes my family ordered too had they were all great. The chicken was super moist and had a slight sweetness in flavor. The ribs & brisket were both tender and booming with flavor as well.   Where this restaurants loses a star is because of the sides. Aside from my vegetable platter, All the other side dishes were really lacking in flavor and added nothing the main course. The grits seemed a little mushy and didn't have the flavor your would expect from the Jalepeno. The orzo was just average too. In fact, everyone cleaned their plates of the meats but no one really touched their sides. They kept eating the kale and tomatoes off my plate. The next time I go, I might ask if I can get the kale with my main course instead of the grits or orzo.  Overall I loved it here. I can't wait for a chance to go back and so excited to have a new place in the neighbor I can stumble home from.
5 The brisket is amazing and melts in your mouth. I rarely eat pie, but a friend talked me into the key lime pie. The limes are fresh squeezed daily and the pie is DELISH! A must have in my opinion. Domingo (aka Sexy Mexy) recognized my friend who has been before and even remembered the wine she liked. Impressed all the way around!
3 They refill the water with mason jars....weird
4 Fun happy hour atmosphere especially with Joseph bartending! Nice open space with lots of light.  The booths are enormous so you can get comfortable. I've had both lunch and dinner here and was pleased with both!   For lunch, the chopped salad had a deliciously different variety of veggies complete with cabbage, beets, butternut squash and edamame topped with feta.  The champagne vinaigrette is the perfect compliment dressing.  The entree salad is large so you get to some home.  Definitely want to try it with grilled salmon..   For dinner, the portobello sandwich (which were more like 4 sliders) were just perfectly seasoned. The focaccia was delish! I didn't taste any white cheddar on mine but it really didn't need it. For a side, I got the sautéed chard which was light and tasty. Our waitress Jill ( who is pretty fabulous btw) brought us the jumbo asparagus to try as well. Super glad she did and will get a double order next time if I want to have more than one.   They have a nice wine list and my friend raved about their chocolate brownie with toffee bits.
5 The food here was amazing. I went for lunch and started off with the pork belly appetizer. It was prepared perfectly and it was very filling.  For my entree, I had the Cajun Spiced Ahi Tuna sandwich with asparagus. The Ahi Tuna is prepared rare and tasted amazing. The asparagus was grilled and crunchy with a perfect amount of sea salt.   Great place to go for lunch. Ample seating both inside and the outside patio. Great service too.
5 Great find...I've been several times with a small group and large group....each time the food was excellent.  The food is fresh and portions are large.... Never had key lime pie like this ever.....Enjoy!  The staff was so polite and accommodated us which took some work to make the large party happy....Thank for bring great food to the valley!
5 Been here twice now and had an excellent experience both times.  First visit I had the shrimp po boy. Perfectly cooked shrimp and a perfectly soft bun for that type of sandwich. Shoe string fries are don perfectly. I also got a side of the cheese and jalapeno grits which were pretty darn good.  Second visit I got the braised short ribs. HOLY CRAP. Best short ribs I've ever had. Very nice portion and the meat... oh the meat... SO damn tender and juicy. Only forks needed for this dish. Had a side of their slaw also. Interesting mix with a light "sauce" which consisted of only cabbage and parsley. Slather on the Crystal hot sauce they have on the tables and it was damn good.  Hear from others the fish sandwich is also exceptional. Its on the same bread as the po boys. Perfect for a delicate sandwich.  Salads looked great too. Nice portions.  Enjoy.
5 Yep,  happy place. First off, lovely staff.  We inhaled our burratta appetizer.  And that Cardiff salad is perfect.  My cousin and daughter were equally fond of their chicken waldorf salad and sandwich.  Roasted asparagus,  yes please.  Patio with great people watching, perfect.   A glass of wine and coconut cream pie, super.  Tired and full we were given the check, not rushed,  and when I turned to see if the waitress could bring a to go box, the hostess noticed me first and came to ask me what I needed and brought me a box. Very nice.
4 I think we ordered all of the appetizers and all were amazing. The service was outstanding, too!
5 Two visits so far-  and MANY more to come!  First was with a good friend. We each had a cocktail, she had the brisket sandwich with side of cheesy jalapeno grits, I had the farm to table veggie plate.  OMG! The sandwich was solid, the grits were amazing! (She complained they were too cheesy. On my planet, there's no such thing!) The veggie platter was one of the most perfect plates I've ever had! Tri colored cauliflower, heirloom tomatoes, garlicky Swiss chard and grilled asparagus. Beautiful, delicious, and a huge portion!   The following week, I brought out of town family. There were 6 of us - and we were all over the menu. Everyone was quite happy with their orders - and my cousin who is a bit of a foodie/veggie snob pulled me aside to say it was the best meal she had while in AZ!  Across the board - the cocktails, the entrees, and the dessert were top notch. Service has been flawless both times - and I am so glad I live close to this place!
4 Second visit this evening and they rocked again!  Fresh and amazing shrimp Louie salad with a twist and Blackened Mahi with "Nola" remoulade which had to be explained to me but I loved!  This is after the first visit when we had the shrimp and jalapeño grits and a scallop special which were both TO DIE FOR!  I've had shrimp and grits in the low country and this surpassed both in presentation and innovation. We are pretty fussy and love the food, the ambiance and the service which all exceeded expectations again. It's a central Phoenix sleeper and we hope they thrive!
1 I'm sitting at this restaurant with my mother completely appalled.  Right when we walked through the doors, we immediately wanted to leave. Not because of the food here or the atmosphere but because of how INDECENT the hostess was dressed.  This older, bigger woman is currently wearing a strapless gold metallic dress, something I'm positive I had in my closet when I was 12 years old.  Just so my disgust is clear to everyone, it's Mother's Day, a day to treat your mother like the saint she is- How this hostess is dressed is far from saint like.  This dress is strapless, incredibly short and too small for a wonderful restaurant like Grassroots.  Side note: she is also wearing flip flops around an open kitchen. Red flag for health code.  I won't be coming back until a manager addresses how tasteless this is.
4 Visited this place yesterday Saturday night and the food was really good. The atmosphere was great, too. Oh, and good customer service.
5 Seriously, my new favorite place.  I've been here twice and the food is amazing.  I've tried the short ribs, pork ribs & chicken, shrimp po boy, chopped salad, buratta with tomato jam, grits, bacon baked beans, key lime pie, and toffee brownie.  All were excellent, except the chicken which was a little on the dry side.  The must try items are the short ribs (flavorful and tender), shrimp po boy (seasoned perfectly with fresh, soft bread), toffee brownie (still warm, so good, just get it!) and baked bean (my husband and I don't like baked beans but these were amazing).  I'll definitely will be back to try other items.  People around me were eating burgers and shrimp & grits that looked amazing.  In addition, they have a great selection of salads which is great since I'm always looking for delicious, fresh salads.
4 Very friendly service. I think it is cute that they serve their water and iced teas with mason jars. I tried their Sashimi Ahi Tuna Salad. It was very good, but the seasoning seemed busy. The rub on the tuna, the wasabi peas, and the salad dressing seem to compete with each other. Overall I had a good experience, and plan to return and try other items on the menu.
1 We went for lunch on Sunday, June 22, 2014.  Our experience was horrible.  We ordered a Chicken Waldorf salad and brisket.  The salad was overdressed and soggy, as if it had been sitting in a bag.  Neither crisp nor fresh.  The chicken on the salad tasted old and mealy-- not fresh.  The brisket was chewy and flavorless.  We had two bites of each dish and asked for the check.  Our server, a nice enough young woman, was training another new staff member, another nice young lady.  Our server saw that we ate virtually non of our food and asked what was wrong.  We told her we did not like the food.  She did no further investigation as to what our specific thoughts were.    No manager came over to address what our concerns might be;  so we paid the full bill and left, unhappy and hungry.  We will never be back.  And we will tell our friends about our experience when asked-- which is a lot.
5 Service was great, food is fantastic, atmosphere is dim and inviting. Elegant and modern. A must try. We had the brisket and grits. Girlfriend says the beans were the least appetizing out of all 3 items on the plate-yet still great. The brisket is amazing. Grits were great with a nice jalapeno taste to begin with but not overpowering.   Come on out and give em a try.    Cheers!
4 Adrien our server was fantastic:  good sense of humor, good timing (AKA not annoying), and kept the water glasses filled.  Now that I think about it, the host was very pleasant and accommodating as well considering how busy the restaurant was on a Tuesday evening.    I was actually here with two fellow Yelpers and we had a wonderful evening wining and dining!  We started off with the meat and cheese board known as the Dad's Grocery bag.  I have to say I was a bit underwhelmed, but the sopressata was delicious!    One person had the Shrimp Po'boy and she cleared the plate.  Not my kind of sandwich but she seemed very satisfied.  Another person ordered the Swordfish special and WOW!  It looked delectable! It was a large fish steak that was very tender to the 'forking'...is that even a word?  Anyway it was probably the highlight! It came with a side of cauliflower that was perfectly roasted:  tender with the right amount of crunch.    I had the ahi tuna poki with no avocado (see photo).  It was very refreshing and light on a scorching day with fresh ahi tuna, shrimp and green onion, accompanied by wonton chips to scoop it up.  It was perfect with my glass of wine.  I think I wish I had gone with the Grassroots Gimlet my friend had, but they may have gone down too fast and easy :)    I will be back to try more things on the menu and see our fabulous server Adrien!
5 Grassroots is an excellent place to go eat and hang out.  The food is excellent, the staff is very friendly, and the dining room is inviting and decorated well.  I have tried something new each time I have gone and I have not been disappointed yet.  If you have a chance to go, do it. You will not be let down.
5 My girlfriend and I ate lunch at Grassroots Kitchen/Phoenix for the first time on Wednesday, July 2, 2014 and we both had the Waldorf roasted chicken salad.  It was absolutely the BEST salad I have found in Phoenix to date, full of veggies and fruit! The chicken was moist and delicious. Plus the honey mustard dressing was made with yogurt!   The salad was so huge that we took half of it home for dinner and they kindly gave us extra salad dressing to take home as well.   We enjoyed the Pomegranate green tea and it was NOT sweetened which was great! They even gave us iced tea refills to take with us when we left! Nice touch!   Our waiter, Rhoades, was awesome! The interior is comfortable without loud music, so it was easy to have a conversation.  We will be back with our husbands to try more menu items for sure!  Thank you for offering healthy menu options and having a large selection of salads to choose from!
