5 Very professional company and people. Jason was thorough in explaining the system and awesome features it is capable of. Joe the installer showed up on time and we went over what he was installing and the location before anything was mounted. I had a minor problem with a camera and they were very quick in coming back out to resolve the issue. The things this system can do is awesome! I love showing my friends some of the features on my phone app. My family feels more secure with this system over our old ADT. I wish I had known about First Response Security sooner because I didn't know what I was missing out on.
5 A great experience so far, Jason  came to my house and explained in depth every aspect of the service and the same day the system was installed. The installer demonstrated the features and even made sure I knew how to use the systems and app  before leaving.  The equipment is very high quality, looks nice and mobile app is convenient and easy to use.  I do not have pets so I cannot comment on the motion detectors but I like that you can configure different sounds for different doors or silence the system if you are going in and out of the house often.   I have never had and monitoring system before, but with the crime rate going up, this system provides a me piece of mind.  I would not hesitate to recommend First Response Security to anyone who is thinking about home security and safety.
1 To "Jason I've never been so forcefully pressured to purchase your product at 5pm on a Sunday and your crew was right around the corner I hope you two find a better employer than him. You guys were very nice! You get the star not him or his company. Your saying your the biggest security company in the U.S. But it took me 30min to even find your local web address and every number goes to you Jason even your 800 number goes to you!! What is that about and why when I tell you "I DONT WANT YOUR SECURITY SYSTEM" you keep pressuring me more about it. To end this whole rant about my over pressured I need this system or my household will be sacrificed why would you hang up on me when I was telling you I didn't want it and was still in the FTC laws for the 3 day cool down period on a protect myself  from someone that is doing this only one Sunday out of the year when not a single as I know of top selling security systems go door to door on a Sunday
