5 Great new local pizza spot coming soon to chandler
5 I had a flyer on my door when I got home and decided immediately that I would give Pizza on 87 a chance!  The pizza, garlic knots, and the fried zucchini were amazing!  I definitely suggest you give them a try! Very prompt delivery too!!
2 Is this place open? I called the number to place an order from 6-7 PM  today, a  Wednesday, an all I got was a voicemail. That is the only reason for my low rating, it has nothing to do with the food, obviously as I never had the chance to place an order. But, if all I receive is a voicemail, repeatedly, how am I able to get a true review.  I ended up ordering Domino's...Meh.
5 This is probably the best NY style pizza i've had outside of the east coast. My boyfriend's family of 10 came over and the only sensible option for a party that large is pizza, and this place is right down the street. We ordered it for delivery and it came promptly in 30 minutes like they said. Greasy, cheesy and it had a fluffy crust. Highly recommended. I will check out the actual restaurant next time I have a pizza craving!
5 Take it from a New Yorker....This place is GREAT!!!  The Big Azz slice is like two slices of goodness.  They have salads and garlic knots but it's the "back East" Pizza that's the star!!  Nothing like finding a little "slice" of home way out here!!  If you think you'll find better pizza FUGGEDABOUDIT!!!
5 Heard about a new spot on Arizona Ave, and had to try it.  Walking into Pizza on 87th, you are struck by two things. First, it is immaculately clean. The place shines. The second thing is that you SMELL amazing food. Think about it, when you walk into a huge pizza chain, you don't smell anything. At Pizza on 87th your nose is met with the great scents of garlic, oregano, basil- all floating through the air.  Pizza on 87th has a cool, industrial feel to it, there are pallets turned benches, and it's laid out nicely. Great customer service, the staff are friendly and provide great customer service.  The food is the star here, and the pizza and the deals are tough to beat. I bought a large pizza and order of garlic knots and it was just over $10. It's pretty clear that Pizza on 87th would rather have customers for life, than gouge you and you never return.  The pizza was very good, you could tell these guys know what they are doing, and use great ingredients. Fresh mozzarella, tasty pepperoni, and it is handled with care. One of the owners was telling me that they are working on having a really cozy patio, so large groups (in nice weather) can have their pizza and relax.  Give this place a shot, you won't be disappointed. Pizza on 87th is where classic pizza meets great prices and service.
2 Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
5 Simply fantastic pizza, reasonably priced, incredibly friendly staff, and the garlic knots are brilliant. Pretty much a weekly staple for me.
5 The pizza was so good! HUGE, awesome cheesy slices and delicious crust.  I'm not normally a crust eater either, but I finished off whole slices. The sauce was very tasty as well.  I've probably eaten pizza from every pizza shop from Scottsdale to LA and this is one of the bests. (I've also lived in NE for 10 years so I feel I have some say in whats good in the pizza biz). Garlic knots were top notch! ;) Lastly, delivery was typical-30-45 mins but worth it!
5 Honestly the best pizza every by the slice is the way to go for lunch. Omg I'm n heaven.
5 Looks like I found me a new pizza spot.   Not only are the prices right but the pizza is amazing as well.   Very fast and super friendly service (for delivery).   Would highly recommend the garlic knots too they are delicious.   Do your self a favor and give this place a try you won't be disappointed.
