1 Sorry for 1 star rating but I should be completely satisfied with my Pediatrics and I will no longer continue our relationship with Healing Hearts. Heres our story: When we first visited everything seemed great but with time things have gone downhill. Personally I believe Dr. Romero and McKenna are very sincere, genuine and knowledgeable however we have a problem with how their business is run. We have 3 girls ages 1 1/2, 2 1/2 and 9 years old. We have been with this doctor for 3 years. Strike 1: I called this office on a Thursday around noon to get a recording that they are closed for 2 Hours for lunch.  Now I understand that in some cases they do this to catch up on paperwork and things but a 2 hour lunch?? What businesses do you know "these days" that take a 2 hour lunch and don't answer phone calls??? When I called I left a message and requested a first available appointment.  Their recording says leave a message and we will call you right back. They reopen around 1 or 2 I think so I waited till 3 and then called back and to my surprise they had no record of me leaving a message, they never called me back so I figured that. I said well I was calling to schedule an appointment which she then said we are all booked today and tomorrow. I said did you make any appointments for tomorrow since being back and she said yes, people have called. I said well I should have been in front of them and she said theres nothing she can do for me. So I asked for Dr. Romero to call me about this issue.  Dr. Romero called me on my cell around 530PM, I told her the situation and she apologized didn't know why that happened, she said it was an isolated incident but still said that she wouldn't be able to fit me in at the Gilbert office, she offered the Chandler office but that's too far for us. Strike 2. My wife went in with our 15 month old for her shots, her appt was scheduled for 9AM she had made arrangements to go into work later that day so it was important to get in and out. She arrived for her appointment at 845AM and was taken into the room at 9AM, the staff asked her to take off my babys' clothes and wait for the doctor to come in.  They had her wait in that room for 45 minutes with a naked, skirmish and unhappy baby!!!!! She finally opened the door and said is she coming in soon and the doctor was at her computer and said yes, sorry running a little behind.  Why couldn't they have called us or notify us before having my wife in there for 45 minutes??? Strike 3. Last night my youngest was coughing had a runny nose and miserable, couldnt sleep so my wife said schedule an appointment first thing. Well I called at 622AM left a clear message that I want to schedule an appointment for my daughter ASAP please call me back... Guess what? No one called me back.  I think if you are a "NEW Patient" They must mark that somewhere and treat you extra special, ie. keeping appointment prompt, pleasant staff, etc...After sometime you become unimportant to them OR They have too much they cant handle, either way I just need a doctor that can respect our time and can actually listen to messages and return calls.  Thank you for all your hard work McKenna & Romero but its just not the right place for us anymore. Kent
5 We have been coming to Healing Hearts for over 3 years now and could not be happier. Now, there is no such thing as a perfect business but the business's held to a higher standard should be medical facilities, especially pediatric ones. Dr. Wilcock is our primary pediatrician but when she has been away we have seen many of the other doctors and have been to all of their locations and have been generally satisfied.   Dr. Wilcock really could not be more wonderful! She takes time to make sure each visit is conducted in a completely satisfactory manner. Dr. Wilcock is very thorough and makes sure everyone is on the same page. Dr. Wilcock also makes sure there is a game plan, when necessary, before we ever leave. We know what we need to do, who we need to contact,  and everything in between.   This comes in handy as our 4 year old has a autoimmune disease that requires a lot of correlation with her other specialist. Worthy of noting, Dr. Wilcock was the one able to diagnose our daughter when our previous pediatrician was so disgracefully unable to do so (yeah, i'm talking to you Dr. Werther).  We have also been completely satisfied with the front office and appointment setting. Wait times have always been minimal as well.
