5 Trina is the go-to girl for knowing what you need to look to-die-for. I had heard JC.Penney had come a long way in the style department so I decided to check it out. I was not disappointed, old JC has stepped it up big time! So I am trying this amazing cashmere sweater ($19.99 + 25% off on a well-stocked clearance rack). It was then that  whatever emo rock song that was playing over the sound system caused me to have an emotional break-down and I just started to cry? (it had been a long day for the record).  I emerged from the fitting room triumphant in my sweater score but was crushed when I realized I looked like a racoon (my mascara was down to my ankles). I sprinted to the Sephora (located conveniently in the center of the JC.Penney store). I was immediately greeted and comforted by Trina who took all of two seconds to access the damage and spring into action to remedy the situation. I am VERY particular about how my makeup is applied (some might say psycho) and Trina took the time to ask me how I wanted to look and then went to work. I have to say Trina knows her stuff (product, application, little hints & tips, the whole deal). So, right on JC and Sephora and Trina!!!!
2 I love Sephora! The people who work there are helpful, quick to greet you, & normally don't harass you. I've been to this location a few times over the last few years, I prefer to go to the actual store at the Chandler or Scottsdale mall but this one is close to home. My past experiences have been good, one time I was color matched & that was a good experience. However I went in a few weeks ago to look at the Sephora brand baked blushes. I was greeted by a blonde girl who quickly pointed then out to me. After I found one I liked I noticed all the Lorac products on sale (they will no longer be carried in Sephora stores), I have never tried the brand & figured since it was on sale I would try a few items. I would say in the span of 15-20 this one girl who works there asked me 4 times if I needed help. The first 3 times I politely declined. The last time I was irritated & just said no. I'm sorry I'm browsing through the Lorac area, my bad. The same girl rang me up, she didn't even bother to tell me my points or ask if I wanted to redeem them like she did with the lady before me or that they normally do at Sephora.  Long story short I would rather go to Chandler into an actual store than be harassed & receive lack luster service.
1 I had the worst retail experience that I can recall. I was "reprimanded" for walking away from an associate after she told me they didn't have any of the product I was asking about. Her passive aggressive attitude was enough to almost bring me to tears. If I hadn't had a gift card, I wouldn't have purchased the single item I did. I will also be calling their customer service line. This review is meant for the Goodyear location inside JCP, but I cannot find that one to review.
