5 If you are looking for a place to go where you never have to question whether or not you're gonna leave satisfied after every visit, look no further! You can bring ANY design to Vince or tell him what ideas you have in mind and he will EXECUTE the mission.
5 Went in yesterday for a130 apt! Got in, got greeted by Vince, and immediately began my pedi with Thai! The pedi was awesome he applied the perfect Amount of pressure and he didn't "spank/slap" my legs like the other shops do! His gentleness was perfect! Yet very manly!  Business started picking up around 2 so there was a brisk wait, good part, they informed me and let me continue to relax in their oh soooooo comfy brand new messssaaaaaagggggeeee chairs!! Felt like a winner!   Moving on Vince did my nails he was great! He didn't seem to mind me on the phone w my 5 yr old the whoooooollllleee time! Toddler drama!! He talked back when I talked to him! To top me off I was not only super satisfied with my nails but I got  a top of the line eyebrow wax!  This shop rocks!!
5 I love this place. Clean Good attitude great customers service never pushy. Vince does the best  nails on town. Liza always has a discount or deal just ask. if your on a rush not the place to to as they take their time.. I think that is part of why they do a great job.
1 Pretty great service but lady said it was supposed to be 24$ for white tip full set I saw a grand opening discount which was 15% off so I asked the lady she's like yeah she did the calculation on her phone for some reason it came out to be 27.98$ I was like how is this possible I'm thinking she added her tip then she tells me free gel. Never again am I going to this place! My nails are ugly for the price I paid for 27$ I know I can get them done for a cheaper price and waaaay better quality don't recommend for French tip! Make sure they're not over proving you! I got ripped off so never again am I going here
3 Good place to get something cute done to your nails- they can do pretty much any design
5 My 2 girlfriends suggested this place, and I'm glad they did!!! It is very clean and has a spa like feeling inside. Thai did a great job on my pedicure, and was very friendly. I unfortunately don't remember the man's name who did my nails, but he was excellent!   Not to sound rude, but everyone speaks English very very well! You can actually have a conversation, which is so nice. Their prices are reasonable as well!   I will be going back, that's for sure!
5 I've only had a pedicure here, but it was definitely a great experience.    The place is clean and when I went the temperature was comfortable (some of the places get hot and stuffy with all the nail stuff going on) and there was plenty of space in the salon too, so it didn't feel crowded.  The staff was very nice and I didn't feel like they were all talking about the customers behind their backs (I get that feeling a lot at other salons).
2 This place is decent when it comes to nails but they will not take you in even you come in at 6:50 & they close at 7 which I think is horrible because other nail places will take you even at the time of closing. I will never go there again especially after the horrible service they gave me the last time I was there.
5 I was looking for a place to get my nails done close to my mother in laws house before dinner time. Love love love this place! When I first walked in I noticed they were a very clean spa. It was busy so I wasn't sure I would get in. Lisa was able to do a full gel set and pedicure. I love my nails. Hands down best place I have been to. I usually have the accrilic stuff still under my nails, but her attention to detail left my nails looking fabulous! If you haven't taken your mom somewhere for Mother's Day, I would highly recommend it. I'll be coming back next time I'm in Vegas!
5 I've been going to Lisa for 3yrs. and at the Cosmo since it opened. She has always done a nice job with my kids & my nails. The employees has always been good to me and I would not go anywhere else. The prices are just right. I love the place and it's always nice and clean! :)
5 I love this people, they are super nice and fab at what they do! I'm so happy I found them!
