5 OK Surprise folks. We need to make this place stick around! Italian beef with that heavenly liquid cheese is great. Italian sausage is grilled which adds a nice nutty flavor. Fry's are just OK but the sandwiches are the stars here. And don't forget the giardinira!
4 Very good food..best Chicagoland food in Surprise.  Very similar menu to Portillos, without the drive!!!  Oh, and Jay's potato chips!!!...I've NEVER seen Jay's chips outside of Chicago before..brought me back to my younger years  in Illinois for sure!
2 my chili cheese dog was cold. the hot dog itself. the chili, everything.  had mozzerella sticks they were hot. they were good.  but i was there for the hotdog and dont think i will be back.
5 I've had Italian beef in Chicago. This is the real deal. They serve Vienna Beef hotdogs too, so they are serious. This place is clean. Friendly staff! Always enjoy going in!
5 Tried the Italian Beef with friends from Chicago and it was awesome!  They also gave it the thumbs up and said that it was some of the best that they have had.
4 Chicago dog was terrific!  Our first time and we will be back for another and to try the chilli dog because it looked great!!!
3 Came here one evening to check it out and was pleasantly surprise. I then recommended it to a group of retirees and 15 went for lunch. After five or six ordered, the manager came out and said they were "out of beef."  How does a restaurant run out of its signature product?  Call before you go to be sure they haven't run out!
3 Took the family out last night, and decided to give Joey's a try. It just recently opened up near the movie theater.   Wife, the two girls, and myself ordered: Italian Beef sandwich Chili Dog w/cheese Chicken nuggets Chicken Sandwich and Fries  The food was just OK, nothing special! I actually liked one of the girls chicken nuggets. Had very good seasoning, liked the taste. Their Italian Beef sandwich was alright. Did not like the gravy, glad I had it on the side. But the peppers, and onions made the sandwich much more appetizing.  Wife's chili dog was alright, they do serve Vienna hot dogs, but I would rather go down the street to Freddie's and have one of their dogs.  Now Joey's has a Chicago's theme, seems like there is a lot of places like that here in the valley. But their decor just didn't seem authentic, just seemed cheap. The restaurant was clean, workers which was over staffed were very nice and always checking to make sure things were OK. But the smell this place had just wasn't right! The girls complained about it as we walked in, wife also complained. My opinion was it smelled like they boil their hot dogs? But it could also be their gravy.  Glad we came by and checked this place out. Not sure if we will come back? But who knows!
3 Had there "specialty" which was the Italian beef. It wasn't bad but I expected it to have much more flavor and it lacked in that department. It was decently portioned and priced but I left not satisfied with the taste. The inside decor of this place is pretty awesome it's a comfortable fun looking atmosphere. I'm going to give it another shot before I make this a no go!
2 We visited on a Saturday evening. We had 4 adults and 4 children. The space is clean and well designed and interesting looking.   We ordered 2 beef sandwiches, several hot dogs, the meatball sub, a children's cheeseburger, and a side salad. The salad was fresh and Italian dressing was tasty. The hot dogs were definitely Chicago dogs although they weren't hot when we got them. The fries all came out hot and were good.   The beef sandwiches were quite dissapointing. The beef was visually unappealing- grey and limp looking. Quite frankly it was lacking any flavor, it mostly tasted old and microwaved. The "gravy" was not flavorful either, it looked like it was going to taste good and homemade and was quite the opposite. My daughter said she wouldn't order the cheeseburger again. My son enjoyed the meatball sub and would order it again.   Overall the hotdogs and fries would be worth visiting again to get a Chicago dog fix and seeing if the come out hot next time. The service and cleanliness warrant another visit but I won't give more than 2 stars because if the food.
5 Being from the Chicago area it is great to have this place so close to home! I have been here a few times now and each time has been a great experience. The food is spot on and service is exceptional. I usually get the Italian Beef because well, it's great!! Always dipped with giardiniera peppers and a side of extra juice. Fries are fries, they are good here but its really hard to mess up fries. I have had their Chicago Dog once and it is a true Chicago Dog! One of the best parts of coming here is the Jays chips! If you are a Chicagoan you know what I am talking about, when they say "just can't stop eating 'em!" they mean it.  It's nice seeing a lot of the familiar street names around the place and images of different "hot" spots from Chicago. the decor is clean and the seating is very open and nice. You are not on top of the next table or having to hear everyone conversations.  Keep up the great service delicious food.
2 We visited Joey's of Chicago for the second time for dinner.  The restaurant was not busy with only four other tables with customers.  I asked if we could order a cheeseburger without the patty and pay full price.  The very nice person at the register said she would ask if the manager could make the "grilled cheese" cheaper.  I again said, we would pay full price.  Upon her return, she informed us the manager would not make a cheeseburger without a patty because it wasn't on the menu - full price paid or not.  Hesitantly, we ordered:  2 hot dog combos (w/fries & drinks) turkey sub combo chicken sandwich combo hamburger combo one basket of fries - all for $43.10  There were two other patrons behind us, one single and a couple.  Both customers were served before us as they walked directly into the kitchen area asking about their orders.  French fries were taken from the trays that would be served to us later to accommodate the guest who ordered after us.  The restaurant was clean, but we won't be returning.  It is unfortunate that the customers who were disruptive received immediate satisfaction.  It is also unfortunate that even when I asked to pay full price, we were unable to order an altered version of a menu item; however, I was able to order a completely plain hamburger specifically holding the mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle and CHEESE.  What would have made the experience better is if the manager had made an appearance while we ordered, but that meant taking a break from chatting with the female kitchen staff.
5 First time here and enjoyed it. Nice spot to get a taste of Chi city way out west. They have dogs, Italian beef, and then some other eats for those who may not want to partake. Looks like they cater also.
