1 I have been slowly investing in single family homes since 2005 and I decided to attended a free seminar in Torrance, CA recently to see if I could pick up a couple of good tips or learn about different markets. Scott himself was not present, of course. This first presenter, "Trent" provided some very basic strategies about a few flip concepts.  The "meat" of the presentation is ongoing promotion of a $2,000 three-day seminar. Based on further research on my part, I learned that the $2,000 seminar is basically a sales pitch for $20K to $40K worth of "additional training" and "mentoring." All of the success stories that they described came from these people who bought these additional materials or training. I believe that this is horribly deceptive, misleading and unethical and it seems like they are preying on the unsophisticated and the elderly. The address and phone in this listing cannot be found on their website. Hmmmm...  What really confused me was their "no credit" loan process. There were no details on how this really works, and there are zero opportunities for questions or discussion from the audience. The communication was all one-way, well crafted and tightly controlled.  The tax liens presentation was interesting, but it had a $1,500 "membership" for access. The presenter was one of the slickest guys I have ever seen. I was just marveling at his presentation style. I just looked up my 401K. I've been doing 12.52% since 2009 with pre-tax dollars, so I don't know if an 18% lien with after tax dollars really beats that.  I left after about 3-1/2 hours, losing out on my "free gifts" in the process.  A very useful review that I just found, consistent with my experience: http://wafflesatnoon.com/2014/01/07/scott-yancey-seminar-review/  Bigger Pockets also has a discussion going: http://www.biggerpockets.com/forums/79/topics/88107-what-to-expect-with-scott-yancey  Scary complaints on the Utah Consumer Advocate site: http://www.utahconsumeradvocate.com/complaint-forum/professional-marketing-international-pmi/
1 I received the junk mail invitation to the seminar with a promise of a camera for everyone and an ipad for the first 50.  I called immediately to rsvp (didn't really have any interest in joining or buying whatever they were selling, but also included a meal at a nice hotel where I know the food is good and I figured, what the heck..cheap date night with hubby..lol)  So rsvp'd, they didn't mention the ipad, but said we'd get a camera and also a bonus $100 gift card as a thank you, sounds good.  They didn't say I'd need to bring or do anything special at that point, just made my rsvp.  When we arrived we sat in rows of chairs and the first speaker started speaking and explained that he'd talk for 2 hours, then we'd get a 10 minute break, then we'd be served dinner while the second speaker came up.  At this point I know every guest in that room thought "where are we going to eat? on our laps?!"  And also thought, it's already 6pm, I really didn't know we wouldn't be eating for 2 more hours or I would have eaten before we left.  So we sat through 2 boring hours of them trying to sell you a 3 day seminar (oh for the upcoming weekend...like we all have 3 days off with no notice even if we did want to go) for $2000, then dinner was served.  They passed out individual boxes to each guest (again we still don't have a table...we're eating on our laps.)  What was in the box?  A turkey sandwich, bag of chips, piece of fruit and a cookie.  There were drinks at the back of the room that they never announced and I didn't know until the end.  Oh my gosh...  Sooo..the next presenter spoke another hour or so about ANOTHER whole different business opportunity for an additional $1500.  RME!  Finally after 3 1/2 boring (and painful hours of sitting in one place for so long) they were thanking us and congratulating "those brave enough and smart enough to 'get it' and change your lives" (oh brother) and for those who don't "get it" can pick up your gifts at the back.  So we walk through, get a cd (trying to sell us MORE) and a piece of paper saying we can request our camera.  What?  On the invitation it says a camera will be given, not a piece of paper to request a camera...more and more b.s.  Then I asked about the $100 gift card, they said I need a special paper or something for that, but I didn't have one.  I said no one told me I'd need one, they just told me on the phone I'd get it.  After going around and around with the guys there, they said I'd have to call them to discuss, so I stood to the side and called them right there.  The person I spoke with said she didn't know anything about it and customer service, of course, wasn't there.  Funny enough, as we were leaving I passed a woman who had found that gift card paper but she didn't want it so gave it to us, so then we went in and got our "gift card"....another joke!  We went online to activate it and basically it gives you a 10-50% discount on something you want to buy, but the discount will be up to $100 total.  For example-a shirt that costs $40, we get a $10 discount so we're only paying $30.  Which means that we spent $10 of our gift card money and have to pay out of pocket the other $30.  Um no.  We compared item numbers with other sites and found that even with the discount we're paying up to 25% MORE than if buying it directly from the home company or a store.  We also went online and requested our cameras...we'll see what they turns out to be...probably another joke if we get them at all.    So our "date night" turned into a sandwich, chips and a sore bum for sitting bored for 4 hours.  Oh well.  Live and learn.  Not like it cost us anything but time and now we have a funny "horror story" of a date night..lol  But it does make me realize if THIS is how they do business, I sure as heck don't want to give them any money for anything.
1 I'm so glad Scott answered you yesterday Mike B.  Or someone who say they are Scott.  What I would like to know Scott is how do we receive the IPad/Tablet as promised.  I was finally contacted by Cody Powel 5 days ago after writing the company several times and this is what he wrote to me  (Support Yancey Co support@yanceyco.com     Jul 10 (5 days ago)    to me    Jennifer,   The list should be posted anywhere from about 30-60 days after the event you attended.  cody powell | event support   877-281-1497  (US) |  855-228-9025  (Canada)  support@yanceyco.com  Description: Description: Yancey_logo_CMYK.jpg)  The thing is we attended way back on February 25th, 2014 that was 5 months ago.  We haven't seen a list come out yet for Bermuda.  So actually how long does it take?  We only had 32 people in our class so we are way under the amount requirement for the gifts.  I would just like to see them honor what they said and provide the gifts.  If you cannot make good on this, it makes it very hard to believe anything else.  Another question I have Scott is where are you and why wasn't you at the 3 day seminar?  I do not know why this is showing for San Francisco CA but we are in Bermuda.
