3 Red Gate serves Korean style Chinese food in the Greenland foodcourt.   The best deal is their combos of a noodle dish (either black bean noodle, seafood noodle soup or a 50/50 bowl of both), plus meat dish (sweet and sour pork or spicy fried chicken) as that is $11-14 and can easily feed two people. Otherwise, I think for Chinese food the prices seem high-ish but I haven't eaten much of the menu.   So I got the black bean noodle (jjangmyeun) + fried crispy chicken combo. The noodle was decent aside from needing a tiny bit more seasoning of salt. The fried crispy chicken isn't what I was expecting, but battered and fried nuggets in a sweet and sour type sauce with onions and peppers. They give you a side of kimchee, yellow pickles, black bean paste with sweet raw onions. The portion, again, can feed two easily or one very hungry mofo.   I think for their combos, it's not a bad spot to go to, but I don't know if I want to delve into the rest of the menu. I guess it's different since its Chinese cooked in a Korean style and is a niche I don't see anywhere else.
5 I love the food in this place, I'm not very familiar with some of the dishes but the owner and hi wife are  very helpful recommending items on the menu. Also great kimchi
4 It's a great spot in the Korea Town food court. Ordered the bbq ribs with soon tofu (soft tofu soup), and the hubby had seafood soon tofu (his came with a whole fried fish, so YUM!). Came with plenty of sides, delicious japchae (noodle), kimchi was good. The soup was super spicy (just how I like it!), but I still think that Mr. Tofu has the best Soon Dubu in town.   Service was friendly, they brought the food to our table even though it was a big public food court. Prices were super reasonable-- under 9 bucks for a soup with fish combo, including sides.   I will be happy to dine again! *fightinng!!*
5 I have finally found a place for my jjampong (or champong) fix! Jjampong is a spicy, seafood soup with noodles. Even in this Vegas heat, if I'm feeling particularly hungry I have to stop at the Greenland Market food court for a bowl of soup.   Kris, the owner, and her husband (they also own Tiffany Coffee) are a pleasure to visit with and I wish them continued success!  The food court is open everyday until 9pm!
