5 Well organized and Clean and service excellent food is very good! Highly recommend this place for Vietnamese food.
2 I really wanted this place to be good.  It was close and I did not want  to drive all the way to spring mountain for some Vietnamese food.  Sadly, I still have to drive there to get some good food.  Maybe it was a bad night, maybe it was because I came in a half and hour before they were closed but I ordered the pork meatball spring rolls and the rice noodles with grilled pork.  When i went home and opened up my to go boxes.  the rice noodles were actually shrimp instead.  I was pretty sad about that.  The rolls were alright, and thats why they get another star.  But there was alot of filler.  Mostly just shredded lettuce.  The rice noodle dish was the one that turned me down on the place.  The grilled shrimp were over cooked, the noodles were hard and under cooked.  There was mostly lettuce and the sauce was very watered down.  I will give it a second chance, but I will proceed with caution.
5 I am extremely pleased with the quality and taste of the food and the very inviting, exceptional service! This place is very close to home and I'm so glad that I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown to get some good pho. As a matter of fact, I think it actually tastes better than the dirty restaurants in Chinatown. This place is new, modern, and .... Clean !!!... and most importantly, the food is good!   Came here with my husband and a friend. Two of us had the special pho (with everything in it), bun bo hue and a grilled pork sandwich. The sandwich was especially good and the two soups tasted great too. The broth was done perfectly.   The owner even made me a special vinegar onion, but he made it with limes. How sweet of him to show such hospitality on my first visit!   Definitely will be coming back and telling all my friends about this place to support them!
2 The service was OK for being 1 of 3 tables there.the nem noung and goi coung were horrible definitely don't recommend them.  We order the pho and it was pretty good.  We had ordered the shaking beef with red rice the taste of it is good but the rice and beef were dry. We also order the grilled pork banh mi and it had cha lua and bbq pork and no grilled pork what the hell? the tri colored dessert can't screw that up  The hot tea is really good nice fragrance
2 The pho wasn't bad but don't get the nem noung or the goi coung awful the only good thing was the hot tea
5 Ever since our friend recommended this place me n my girlfriend have been coming here ever since... Jus overall we love this place...
5 This place has excellent pho! The vietnamese egg rolls are a great addition to the meal as well. The restaurant is very clean and has a nice environment. The owner is friendly and attentive. And the best part is, I don't have to drive to Chinatown to enjoy great pho! I will definitely be coming back to try more items from the menu.
5 The Thai tea was on point. Got the Filet mignon pho. So good. I usually go the the one up on lake mead but the gf lives down near this one. This store is a step up from the one on lake mead. No Smokey smell and everything was good.
5 So happy that there is a place in my neck on the woods that has pho! FINALLY! Great pho and summer rolls. Nice atmosphere, clean and friendly staff.
4 A few years ago, I got started on a short-lived Bun Bo Hue kick. Coincidentally, the catalyst was reading My T's review of the original Viet Bistro location. I tried a few around town and enjoyed them with varying degrees, but I think my favorites were Viet Bistro and the former Bosa 1.  So I think it's appropriate that the first thing I tried at the new Viet Bistro is the BBH. Dare I say it might be the best I've ever had. I have no idea if it's authentic. I just know that I enjoyed it all the way down to an empty bowl.  It's certainly not perfect. For starters, the broth was more sweet than spicy. I'm not sure if I got the "non-Viet" treatment or if that's how it is. Digging up my old review, the BBH up north wasn't spicy either. This time around, I made sure to specifically ask for the pork hock--their menu actually states that the pork hock is only included by request.  One thing I don't like about BBH is the noodles. They are thicker and aren't as easy to eat compared to pho noodles. Last night, the noodles seemed overcooked to the point that they were falling apart. But strangely, this made them easier to eat, so it worked out great!  There aren't really any pho places in the Summerlin area. The news of a Viet Bistro opening in this part of town is highly welcomed as it's a quick jaunt down the 215. With a solid BBH checked off the list, I'm eager to explore the rest of the menu.
1 Not my favorite. Hate the owner
4 Food was good and authentic. One less star because the staff seemed like they were struggling a little with amount of customers
4 I've been looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant close to the south Summerlin area.  I remembered that one had opened in the shopping center near Grand Canyon and Flamingo, but couldn't remember the name of it.  After trying a number of web searches, I finally found the adjacent Sushi Tower restaurant, because Viet Bistro could not be found when I Googled a search for Vietnamese restaurants near 89135.  I finally found a a "sister" Viet Bistro restaurant, which had to provide the location on Grand Canyon as well as the phone number.   I finally found the location and and the food was very good and they did a nice job on the interior of the restaurant.  I wouldn't normally waste this much time looking for a restaurant, but there are no other Vietnamese restaurants within a reasonable proximity.     With the difficulty of trying to find information on this Viet Bistro location, including address and online menu, I would be a bit concerned that they may not be in business very long.  I truly wish them success and recommend them - I also have a suggestion, specifically, get a web site and some visibility so people can find and try your restaurant!
4 After enjoying the original Viet Bistro location on Lake Meade, I was pleased to see this new location open in West Summerlin.   The food here is excellent.  Seasoned Beef Roll with Betel Leaf appetizer is delicious, you can get it "roll your own" style or ask for them pre-rolled. One of my favorite dishes here.  I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese vermicelli bowls, and Viet Bistro always prepares them perfectly. Noodles are cooked just right, meat is well trimmed and marinated, vegetables are crisp and the aromatic herbs are fresh. I like these bowls so much that I have not even tried the pho here yet.  I'm taking a star off because the service at this location was pretty much non-existent.  The guy who took our order disappeared into the back and never came back out. Our food was brought out by another guy who was talking on the phone while he handed us our plates. This dude stayed on the phone the entire time we were there. He brought our check while still talking away on his phone.  If this place can get it's act together with the service it would be an easy 5 stars. Hopefully this experience was just a one off.
5 By far this is my spot awesome customer service & the boss kevin is the boom, funny, & freindly guy! He takes care you!!! :-)
4 I'm so happy to find Vietnamese near my house! I no longer have to go down Spring Mt. for pho or banh mi! The grilled pork banh mi had a spicy marinade. No complaints here. It wasn't as sweet or smokey as Mr. Sandwich.
2 Been to another Viet Bistro and food/service there was great! Not so here. Don't go here on Sunday afternoons. Slow service (owner was talking on his cell phone next to front door & one female server), food was so/so. Not kid friendly either. No cheater chopsticks. BBQ beef was more fat than meat. Pho was average. Curry beef was spicy, but more sauce than beef.
1 Service and food on original location is so much better. I was very disappointed as this was closer to where I live.
5 I LOVE THIS PLACE. Hand down for my favorite in town.  Frist, they just opened like three months ago, so the interior design is very new, simple and clean.   Once I had Pho in here, i never come somewhere else. It's my favorite restaurant when i craving for pho! The broth is fantastic.   the owner is very helpful and friendly and funny. ask him any question if you are in mood to try something new, he always knows what you want.
