4 The Hibachi Grill and Supreme Buffet was awesome! My family and I came here for dinner on a Friday night during Lent looking for seafood options. Boy, did they deliver! For about $14 per person, you are offered a great variety of seafood and meat options. They offer a military discount too, which is great! The place is huge. There are sushi, hibachi, regular entree, and dessert sections - lots and LOTS of food.   I started out by trying the sushi. There were about 10-15 different options of nigiri, rolls, and sashimi. It was all good, but obviously not fresh. The rice was too dried out in my opinion.  I then tried their clam chowder. Delicious! There were lots of good pieces of clam and potato in the soup, it didn't taste canned at all, like I would have expected. Definitely try this if you like clam chowder.  Their salted pepper shrimp was okay. It could have used more salt. The  baked salmon was alright as well, I think even though it was sitting in some milky liquid, it still was rather dry.  I'm not a big fan of fresh oysters, but I tried theirs and I was actually impressed. My mom, who is a big fan, loved them and said they tasted nice and fresh.  The star of the buffet for me were the snow crab legs. They are offered warm and steamed. The legs have lots of meat and the meat is good and sweet! I ate two plates, haha. I was definitely satisfied with those!  Of the desserts, I tried the banana, tapioca, and chocolate puddings. All tasty. I also tried the cake roll and mocha cake. The cake roll was dry and the mocha cake had a lot of frosting, so I ate them together, which was a perfect combo, lol. They offered a few fruit options, I only tried the watermelon - good. Their sesame balls were good! Fresh and chewy, but no red bean paste inside, just straight mochi. My brother tried the frozen yogurt and said it was nice and creamy.  I am really impressed with this place. The area doesn't have a lot of other great dining options, so this place is a breath of fresh area for this side of town. I definitely recommend this place over Buffet at Asia and The Golden Corral.
1 I have tried NUMEROUS Asian buffets and restaurants.  My husband and I have been waiting for this place to finally open.  We tried it today 4/13/14.  Boy were we DISAPPOINTED!!  The Hibachi grill a good assortment of meat and veggies but SERIOUSLY lacking in seasoning options.  The cook used water to Stem the food and threw some soy sauce on it but it was very bland!!! Tried the different soups, lack of seasoning.  The coconut shrimp and cream cheese wont tons were sickening sweet.  The teriyaki chicken was very bland.  Numerous dishes lack any seasoning and taste!  The best thing I had was the pineapple and mocha cake.  Seriously regret going there, our stomachs have been regretting it ALL day!!!
2 The Hibachi grill was okay, very bland seemed more like a Mongolian grill~even the Fiesta has better a Mongolian grill than this place and only $7! The food was okay mostly bland, the dessert selections were okay, not fresh seemed like it came from the freezer. at $15 dollars a person I will not be returning, definitely overpriced for the quality of the food.
2 This place is massive.   The price was good and I think I was expecting too much.  First stop was the hibachi station,  and if you are used to a Mongolia grill, it's the same thing, except you don't have much choice of sauces.  It was okay.  The hot crab legs were good.  We came on  Monday night so it was pretty slow.  Perhaps that's why some items looked like they'd been there awhile.  There are a lot of choices, even tacos, fries, wings.  Not much appealed to me.  On to dessert.  The cakes were bland and dry.  The cookies were stale.  The fried biscuits, like malasadas, we're the best thing I tried.  Overall, it was just...meh.  Perhaps if I tried again when they are busy, it will be better.  Table staff was very friendly.
5 My first day at Hibachi Buffet was a very excellent experience! My family and I loved the sushi and the wonderful decorations. The buffet was huge! They had many types of sushi and lots of food. The yogurt was delicious! Also, the staff was very kind too!!! The price was fair and  they had different seafood and meat choices.
5 There is sooooo much food here, so come very, VERY hungry! And that was only lunch! We were told at the cashier's desk that there is more food at dinner time. We arrived at about 3:30 PM and lunch ends at 3:45 PM, so we were just in time for lunch. Thank goodness, since I can't eat that much anyway, so it would be a moot point for me to have even more food in the buffet lines (there are 6 food lines jam packed with delights).   Lunch is $9.24 and dinner is $13.85 -- and I would say that it is well worth the price considering the amounts and variety of foods provided. They even have a self-serve yogurt area and a special section for desserts. There's a special area for sushi and hibachi selections but I really was much too stuffed to try anything from that area. It doesn't take much to fill me up, so buffets always make money on me.  Everything I tried was so very delicious and if I had more room, I would have eaten more (not! don't want to gain too much!)  Seriously, be sure to come here ravenously hungry and you will be satiated not only in your tummy but also on your palate!
3 Big selection of food! However, the foods are bland and definitely not fresh. The staff isn't attentive; no one has come to check up on us or even bothered to bring my water order. I doubt I'll be returning.
5 GREAT BUFFET! Me, my family, and my friends were thinking of dining out either Buffet @ Asia or Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet. Since we ate Buffet @ Asia many times at the other locations, we decided to try this new buffet since we were near my friends' house. The buffet was great plus they had "GRAND OPENING SPECIALS" pricing, as well as including drinks.  There was tons of asian culture dishes out to choose from. The food was fabulous and good. The atmosphere inside the buffet was like you were in Asia plus they had river in front of the buffet. I would recommend my friends if they were around the area to try out this buffet.
4 Great service and really yummy sushi. Other than that, similar to Buffet Asia.    Check out the strawberry yogurt.
5 This is a very good buffet.  All the food was fresh, nothing tasted or looked like it had sat in a steamer very long.  Also looked clean and the employees all looked professional, unlike most Oriental places in the valley.  Lots and lots of food.  Very reasonably priced.  Overall, very decent place!
1 Stop now, & go somewhere else. We went here for dinner after reading prior reviews thinking that it would be a decent experience; we were wrong. As soon as we paid, sat down, & went around to look at our food choices we wanted to immediately ask for our money back. The quality of food looks like they either microwaved everything or just dropped items in the deep fryer.  It was 630pm (prime dinner time) & everything was picked over & sloppily put together You're better off going to Buffet of Asia-- sad excuse for a newly opened business.
2 Not the best service, it was quit busy, but service was slow. We waited about 5 minutes after being seated to give our drink order.   The food, I was skeptical about eating from the actual hibachi area since the meat was just out in the open, but my friend had it and it was good. A lot of the food didn't have much flavor, some of it was cold, and the sushi was all almost the same just made differently. The deserts were ok, same as all Chinese food buffets. One weird thing was the pineapple. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be like that, but it had salt on it or at least tasted salty which was really weird.
1 Cashier and server rude. STRIKE 1  Flies hovering over buffet. STRIKE 2  SHITTY tasting food. Unoriginal  STRIKE 3.  you're fuckin' OUT!!!
1 Food & customer service wasn't good.  Don't plan on coming back here. Too much food that doesn't even have good taste.
4 Food had a lot of flavor was really good.  Hudge selection of food including crab legs which where ok. I would definitely recommend this place
1 Went here because we had a coupon and was craving fresh hibachi and sushi. Yeah what a big disappointment, not only was the cashier rude (first encounter) but so was the owner or manager. We had to seat ourselves, and ask for drinks (I had to search for a server) the food was overall ok, nothing extraordinary. But yet again I had to look for someone to refill our drinks. Not only that but then we saw a family of 6 get seated right next to us basically blocking our way making them get up every time we wanted to go get food. Overall a bad experience, wouldn't choose to go there again.
4 Although the service was not a reason to come back ...the food was great!! The variety was unique and made the trip favorable.  Sashimi, 2 different types of crab, peanut butter chicken, and the overstuffed cream cheese wantons,were more then worth the price. Can't wait to come back, I hope they improve service though.
5 So many type of food to choose from! I liked this place, it's new right on the northeast side of Vegas (Stewart & Nellis) located right next to CiCis pizza, well I loved the concept of having a hibachi hot kitchen area where you pick your ingredients and have someone cook it for you within minutes so Japanese! and their sushi made fresh right before your eyes also very delish. Like any other Asian buffet I chose this one because of their prompt and friendly customer service. This place keeps up with their cleanliness and food is never low. Taking in consideration that all over the northeast side of Vegas (Nellis blvd) has a variety of Asian buffets. Did I also mentioned that this place is huge! It's spacious and there's not a huge wait time to be seated at most you will be looking at 5-10 mins.  Don't forget to check out the koi fish! :)
1 Went there for lunch today, had high expectation since we tried the same buffet in SD that has really good food & fancy decor. This is a major disappointment! First we were shocked by the high price: price of lunch is equal to dinner! Except for sweet & sour chicken & apple pie, everything is at best luke warm! Most of the desserts are not fresh, chocolate cakes are really dry! Compare to the other Chinese buffets here in town like Jumbo Buffet, China Star, & Buffet Asia, this has fewer selection & worse service!
5 Imma go ahead and just give this place five stars. I didn't get bad service like others have stated. I mean, they cleaned our tables for us and took our plates promptly. That's all that matters.   This place is exactly like Buffet @ Asia. The food and quality of it, and the price. BUTTTTT Hibachi Grill has crab legs, dimsum AND RAW OYSTERS!  So, if you is hangry, go here. Worth it, in my opinion.
4 This place was a lot better then i expected! Theres a good amount of food for the price.There is also a good variety of deserts/sushi/fruits. They also have sea food which is a plus. The waitress was super nice, she would always check on us. Will be back!
4 Went right before closing on a Wednesday night. Services was fantastic, food was great.... there were only 3 other tables with patrons. So I wonder if that has something to do with consistency. They served SASHIMI on the line. I do not think I have ever seen that at a buffet before. Also they had a spicy shrimp soup that hubby LOVED. There was so much to try, I ate mostly sushi. I didn't have any desserts, try the grill, or the salad bar. Hubby ate 6 plates of food. And the owner came over to ask if we wanted anything else before they started cleaning.  I am telling everyone I know! Glad we got the opening coupon in the mail. Well worth $30 for 3 people for dinner. Hubby wants to try lunch tomorrow, so we shall see if it's the same quality.
3 This establishment was clean around the stations of food. I did see a few flies around but in this 100 degree weather, the flies and I would rather be inside. There was an assortment of options for food. I enjoyed the wings and salad/fruit bar the most. The soft serve ice cream was also tasty. As for the customer service, the ladies were polite and took plates away quickly. Polite, clean, and quick ...fair enough to receive three stars
4 I recommend giving this place a try.  Large Selection of foods, soups, meats, shrimp,  Sushi, desserts.  They are new and will have to work out the kinks but all in all, a good lunch buffet with discount to Seniors (65).  Lunch was $9.00 with discount, and everything I selected was good.
4 I was very impressed as I walked in. They have a nice little koi pond! Very clean and spaciousness seating area. It's really beautiful for an East Side buffet. They have a wide variety of food to choose from. From salad to sushi! The food is very delicious. At lunch before 3:45 it's $10 for adults. Children above 42 inches are half price. Children under 42 inches are free! So that was great! Only payed $24 for two adults and 3 children!
