1 1: I'll start with Customer Service,  They have none!! 2: Delivery of Goods: Is there a stepped on star I can check   My Wife Bought a 3 oil change punch card from Living Social and gifted it to me January 19th 2014 and I have yet to receive it from Living Social today is Feb 7th 2014.  What I have received is a bunch of unwanted emails from the Living Social Vendor "Planet Super Saver"  Process: Wife buys Bday gift from Living Social and it is emailed to me... I click on the link it is a punch card for  3 oil changes. I click the link in the email sent to me by Living Social and it sends me to another coupon site "Planet Super" Saver AKA Planet Spam.    Planet Super Saver requires that you  fill out  name, address, email and phone number in order to receive your gift... I understand needing to verify the person, but phone should be optional and there should also be a box that reads " Would you like to receive notifications from us ( Pay Attention Marketing, this is ABC)  One week after I fill out the spam form from Planer Super Saver I still have no punch card for my birthday gift, so I called Living Social...  Living Social pulls my info and tells me they see the purchase of the gift and they have my email, but I have to call their vendor "Planet Super Saver"... 30 minutes later I finally get someone on the phone...  The rep says she will priority mail the card and take me off any email list ( I have unsubscribed 3 times and still get unwanted emails)   Over a  week later still no card and I get an email from living social today asking if my problem was resolved.... I answer back no card and no my problem was not resolved,,, I am then informed they cannot help  me because I did not purchase gift.????? Seriously!!!!  So you emailed to see if I got my card and by the way we cannot help you?  Dear Planet Super Saver Fire your Marketing Team, Fire your "Senior" customer service rep and start  over...Or I am happy to come in and teach them the ABC of Marketing and Customer Service.    You guys are not only giving yourself a black eye, but also tarnishing the business owners placing ads on your site.
1 I want to share my experience with this company. I think it's kind of scam.  I bought from Amazon local 3 change oil and 3 tire rotation for 30$. I fill out form, received portion of spam and wait when they mail me my punch card. After 2 weeks I mailed to customer Service and ask about my card. They replay very quickly and said that they send card for me week ago and really sorry that I not received card and they  void original card and send for me replacement card. I wait for another 2 weeks then call again. In this time guy said me that they will send me card registered mail and even give me taking number but after week USPS site said this same "Electronic Shipping Info Received" so I call to Amazon local and explain situation and hopefully will have my money back SO BE AWARE!!!!!
