4 Formerly McDuffy's Sports Grill. Many upgrades, refurbished bar area, new tables, stools, chairs, booths. Renovated restrooms. Has a clean, modern, steel look with wood accents. Menu is upgraded including standard sports bar food with added entrees, appetizers, new craft brews including local favorites. On first impression, food is greatly improved. Wings were very tasty, well-prepared. I recommend getting the wings fried and finished on the grill. Seems to seal in the juicy meat and keep a crispy skin. Cobb salad was excellent! There was no skimping on the prime ingredients! Service was friendly, prompt and attentive. Only negative reflects my personal dislike for country-western music, but it wasn't blaring loud, so it was tolerable. Would have been nice to hear a variety of country, classic rock, alternative, indie, etc. -- although there was a digital jukebox available, so I will check that out next time... Also I look forward to sampling additional menu selections. Couldn't find a website yet.
4 Very clean and new. Just opened January 21, 2014. Pool tables. Great patio. Good restaurant food, fresh ingredients not frozen. Friendly professional staff. My new favorite hangout.
2 We went there for a meal on a Saturday night. We used to go to Mcduffy's all the time and we figured we mine as well give the new place a shot. We went there for a early meal at around 5pm. We figured by then it shouldn't be that crowded or that busy.     For a Saturday night they were understaffed. I think I saw maybe three waitresses there. We waited a good five minutes just to be seated and when we were seated the table hadn't even been cleaned off yet from the last people who sat there. We waited a good three minutes for someone to come by with a rag. It took another five minutes just to get our drink orders taken. I ordered a margarita which I never received but they charged us for it. The majority of our visit there was spent waiting for someone just to take our order.    The fellow patrons there were rather shady and a lot of them at 5pm were already stumbling around drunk and dropping drinks seemingly on purpose and to be 'cute'. Of course, since they were understaffed the drunks dropping their drinks made the wait time worse for us and simply getting our food. We did finally get our food order taken and the wait seemed overly long to just get our food. Eventually, we decided that we didn't like the environment and we simply took our food to go.     We got our food to go, eventually after another horribly long wait. Once we got home, we were able to try the food. I got the chicken pita with sweet potato fries. It was okay, not great, not bad just okay. My husband got coconut shrimp and he said it was made with way too much coconut. The sweet potato fries were okay also, I've had better at other grills/tavern's.
1 The food was better than mcduffys which I used to go to all the time. But the service at dukes was absolutely terrible,  understaffed, and to be honest, the bartenders were incredibly rude the entire time. I had a very similar experience to what katarina said. Everything took soooooo long.
1 Won't be coming back.  Sat at a table for 30 minutes with a group and was never asked for my order to be taken.  Then walked up to a waiter where he enters orders and asked if I could order before happy hour ended. He said it was too late.  I told him I had been waiting for a long time and he didn't care.  I went back to my table and my cell phone said 6:59 so there was still 1 minute left.  Someone else at my table ordered onion rings 40 minutes prior and never got them.  A customer at the bar was saying how she ordered pizza on a previous day and it came without sauce.  Not sure why she came back.  We left without ordering and won't be back.  They're setting themselves up for an episode of Bar Rescue but at 3 weeks into the business I doubt Jon Taffer would even touch this place.
4 First time here and ordered a basic burger with bacon cheddar and jalapeños.  My wife had a burger too.  They were delicious.  My wife got so excited about hers that she bit her finger while eating it.
2 So when I bought a house in the neighborhood, I was happy to have the local drinking hole McDuffys right across the street to go to for a beer and enjoy some sports. When it closed down I was pretty bummed out, but upon hearing it would be reopening I was excited the area would have a sports bar again.  While the beer variety (which appears will be rotating) and the TV selections is great, I really can't figure out what the heck the decision makers are thinking.   From my knowledge, Dukes has been open around 2 months and they still can't seem to get signage up on the building and instead have cheap banners that upon night time no one can tell there is anything open from the street short of an "open" sign. The menus are also in poor shape and look like they were intended to be temporary but never bothered to change it.   They also seem to be having a problem of keeping staff (which explains all the complaints about being understaffed and the help wanted signs). Obviously there is a problem with management or owners that staff (including the cooks) keep not showing up or quitting. I'm not sure how much longer they can survive without making changes needed to keep the place staffed and customers happy.  The food is a toss up, I suppose depending on who is actually in the kitchen that day. I've had decent food and bad food there.   Finally, if the biker bar thing is true.. I anticipate Dukes falling the way of McDuffys and shutting its doors because of the crowds they are bringing in. I know I'll be bringing my business elsewhere (Zipps, Blue 32, TeakWoods, BWW, all within a close drive) if rather than going to enjoy a beer and some football it's filled with a bunch of bikers. This place is surrounded by residential and schools, a biker bar seems completely out of place.  Only redeeming part of this place so far has been the bartenders being friendly.
3 Meh
4 I like it here.  I come to unwind after work and it fits the bill.  Taylor is a great fun and friendly server. The drinks are good.  They have happy hour til 7 pm. The food is typical sports bar but who goes to a sports bar looking for gourmet.   My fiance loves the hot dogs,  give them a try with a shot.  If you are lucky enough to have Brittany as your bartender you will be set.
2 I did wait for an hour to simmer down to write this reviewso hope this will be accurate without being to cynical.  I was in for the third Thursday in a row and had the same bartender - Leah.  As usual she had to ask my name and apologized - she has a bad memory for names (maybe not a good thing for a bartender?).  She offered me a happy hour menu which I initially declined.  After the second beer she asked if I'd like another (BTW both beers were empty before she checked on me and the bar was not that full, but I'll let that go) and I then asked for the HH menu.  After some discussion and banter I ordered some wings.  She then went to pour my beer.  I just happened to notice that she poured the incorrect beer - I mentioned it and then she did immediately correct her error with a minimal apology.  After that was gone (and no wing appearance) she asked if I'd like another beer).  I said no, so she got my tab and I asked her to ensure that there were no wings charged.  She said "no, I'm sorry" and deducted a beer without asking if I'd still like the wings.  I've overheard Leah talking and determined that she is also a real estate agent - I definitely would not hire her for that.  I'd like to come back, but maybe Thursday is not the day.  I hope the owner (who seems exceptionally nice) reads this and keeps a close eye on what is going on - otherwise Duke's will go the way of McDuffy's.
2 This place really deserves one star, but the employees were so nice, I'm giving it two stars.   I live in an area that's quite populated, but situated between Chandler and Gilbert so sort of a dead zone when it comes to places to eat. With that being said, I was excited when Duke's opened.   I arrived around 6 PM and the bar was only about 20% full. I first sat in a booth for a while, but no server came over so I moved to a high top table since I saw a server addressing guests there. After another 5 minutes or so without being greeted, I moved to an open space at the bar hoping that things would move quicker. It took at least another 5 minutes before the bartender addressed me.   When I finally received my beer, the glass had the name printed on it from the prior establishment. So it would appear that everything that existed before has just been relabeled as Duke's (well not even relabeled I suppose...re owned?)  I asked the bartender for a recommendation on food and her lack of eagerness to direct me was probably my first clue that I should not be eating here. I ended up getting a quesadilla because that seemed like a safe option. Nope! What arrived was siting in a pool of very yellow grease. Not sure if it was butter...seemed like a cross between grease and butter. Eating it was similar to trying to hang onto a wet watermelon seed. I got through half and lost interest.   While I had time to sit and think while waiting for the bartender to get back to me (she was actually pretty nice, but I think there needed to be another bartender since she seemed pretty busy), I noticed that they did have wifi, but it was locked. Another small detail, I think the room could have used some sound absorbing material. Even though the place was only 20% full, the sound volume was quite loud.   There was some amusement though. The couple of my left was loudly arguing about divorce proceedings that one of them was going through or something to that nature. And on the other side a couple was arguing about men and women being allowed to play football together.   Also, at some point they opened the large windows that separated the inside seating from the outside. As soon as they did that the inside went from sort of warm, to really warm. It was only about 85 degrees outside, so I can't imagine how awful it will be once we hit triple digits.   The manager came by and asked how I liked the food. I mentioned the grease level. He took one look and totally agreed and offered to remove it from the bill. When I was delivered the bill later, he had forgotten to remove it so I had to call him over to have it taken care of. The manager was very nice.  With the level of competition now days, small places like this can't afford to be so-so. It would not surprise me if they went out of business in 6 months when they can't pay the rent. It's really a shame, if they put some thought into it they could have a great business.  Do yourself a favor, drive an extra 3 minutes over to Arizona Avenue and treat yourself to a decent establishment.
1 Happened to stop into Dukes last night, service was nothing spectacular.  I was amazed though right before I left, the bartender started arguing with a couple at the end of the bar.  I didn't know all the details, but heard the bartender call her a "bitch" and told them to leave.  I did hear her say that she was the manager also(Erica maybe?).  I guess this is the way they operate there, I'll stick with Native or Zipps...first and last time I'll go in there
4 I will admit I am not a fan of reviews, as its obvious people are fixated on themselves and have nothing better to do!  Any new establishment is going to have growing pains but what I have read below blows my mind.  I go to Dukes quite regularly and am quite impressed and happy to see the progress they have made. (The first step in their progress was getting rid of their initial GM)  I really enjoy the $1 street tacos during Happy Hour. You can order 3-4 of them and be full, cant beat it. The pizza is also surprisingly delicious! Its not something you would expect but hey, its good! I have not had any issues with the food.  $3 for a large beer - ya buddy   The employees are great and I have noticed new waitresses, maybe as previous ones weren't cutting the cheese. Kailyn* is awesome, she is usually our waitress.  Give this place a shot and don't be afraid to get someones attention if you don't feel you have been noticed. Stuff happens...  Also a big plus for smokers is theres a covered patio with numerous swamp coolers, so if you like to smoke, drink and not be completely miserable, I highly suggest their patio!  The only thing I would suggest is more regular cleanings of the outside benches and tables as they get dusty but again, I am not afraid to ask for a rag.
5 Just had an amazing meal here at Dukes. From the time we set foot in the door we were treated like old friends even though this was the first time I have been here. We started off with the appetizer special, bbq brisket chips which was incredible. For the main course had the pizza and the chili dog. Both of those were very tasty. Our server was Erica. She was very energetic and friendly, she obviously loves her job. We even had a visit from the chef, I think his name was Matt, who stopped by to see if we were enjoying everything all in all a wonderful experience and we will definitely come back.
3 I venture to Duke's every couple weeks for a couple beers and snackage. Overall, I've found it to be a pretty nice place. I usually sit at the bar, but even when I've sat at a table, the service has been good. I will say the bartenders have to do more than their fair share, as the servers still aren't completely on top of things. Lacey and Erica are both cool and take good care of you. The food I've had has been fine. Now I've stuck with appetizers and pizza thus far, but both have been tasty. Also, when I've gotten food, I've always been asked how it was by management or staff, which is nice to see. Beer selection is good. Plenty of domestics to choose from, as well as some imports and craft. They have poker, trivia and UFC. I'm not a fan of any of those, but it's good to see some activities. I'd like to see some live music (even acoustic would be fine), but I understand there's an issue with the lease (thanks to McDuffy's having burned some bridges in the past). Never hurts to wish. If you're in the area, and looking for a neighborhood bar, give this place a try. They seem to be getting the kinks worked out, and business appears to have slowly increased.
