1 If you want bad service ask for DANIELLE. I had been looking at these places since April 2014. I went in and met the leasing agent Danielle. She seemed nice, showed me what was available and showed me the model. I mentioned to Danielle that I was selling my home and couldn't sign a lease till I had a better idea when I was going to close on my home, told her about July to August time frame.   I decided that the 2 bedroom townhome was a good fit for me, unfortunately they didn't have many and the ones they did have were already leased. Danielle told me that the last phase of these 2 bedroom townhomes would be ready about August or September. I said great that may coincide with the sale of my house. She suggested I hold 1 but didn't cause you never know what happens with closing and delays. I give Danielle my number and email to keep my up to date on the availability of these units.   A month goes by and I hear nothing from her so I go in and ask about the 2 bedrooms, fortunately they had 1 that I could see that someone was going to be moving into. By the way I brought in a friend as a referral to her on that visit that ended up signing a lease later with Danielle. Danielle tells me still no confirmed date as to when the final phase of the 2 bedroom townhomes would be ready. I tell her, that's ok, just stay in touch and let me know.   So I go in today June 9th and say "Hi Danielle, my home is going to close middle of July, when will the 2 bedrooms be available?" She looks at me and tells me that they are all gone! I was like, are you kidding me? I come in this place cause I never hear from you, I even refer you business and got you a signed lease with my friend and you don't even have the decency or professional courtesy to stay in touch with me to let me know the 2 bedrooms were about to all be gone???I mean that's customer service 101 right? Stay in touch with clients you see to let them know the availability of what they want?? Anyways, she looks at me and instead of apologizing says that I should have left a deposit on 1 of the 2 bedrooms and held it. I informed her that she needed training on how to follow up with clients and was surprised it never occurred to her to stay in touch with me. I ended up going 2 min away to Chateau Calais and saw much better apartments at much better pricing. Domain by the way is very expensive considering you could rent a home for the same price and get more living space. And if you have a pet, Domain thinks its cute to CHARGE YOU RENT FOR EACH PET YOU HAVE. In the end I will find a better more reasonable place to live and grateful that I saw the bad customer service demonstrated by Danielle. It tells me that if they treat you this way before you live there, G-D help you after they get your money and you start to need things fixed in your apartment. STAY away from DOMAIN and DANIELLE.
5 Beautiful new apartments, waking distance to grocery stores/restaurants, very safe neighborhood and an incredible staff. Moving out of state isn't easy, but everyone I worked with at the Domain Apartments were very helpful and patient. Matt will always make you laugh. Amber has been a big help with all of my questions. Lindsey and Danielle are accommodating and always a pleasure to speak with. :) Thank you, guys!!   Whether you move here by yourself, with your family, or even your pet, the complex is very clean and an inviting place for everyone.
5 Nice apartments, great location, and great community. The gym is available 24/7 which is a huge plus and has a great pool area.   Of course no place is perfect but the best part about these apartments is the friendly staff. They remember my name when I walk through the main office and always have a smile on. It always makes my day to get a nice hello from Amber or be able to joke with Matt and give him a hard time. Though the whole staff is friendly, I would say they put up with me the most and I am sure I can be a bit of a pain in the ass haha. Sorry Matt but I need to make sure you have some work to do.
