5 My name is Bill Ringling and I have worn glasses or contacts since I was 12 years old and I'll be 49 this year. That said, I've never had such a comprehensive exam and I finally found out why my eyes have always been red and dry. My oil glands arent producing!  Dr. Steinhauser found my resolution and thats after roughly 25 different exams....my custom glasses were not easy to make (bi focals seamless and using my existing Nike frames glasses properly fitted great vision and were delivered 1 day earlier than promised)  State of the art exam equipment and Dr that truly know their stuff.... who could want more?
5 I ended up scratching my eye on a Saturday morning but thought i had something in my eye.  When I woke up Sunday morning my eye was not feeling as it should, so I proceeded to find an eye doctor on a Sunday morning, not an easy task as most offices are closed, I ended up at a Lenscrafter's and after checking out my eye the doctor told me to get help immediately as this case was too urgent to wait.  I was provided with a name and phone number of a specialist only to be told by the specialists answering service that they would not help me because I was not a current patient.  Sounds awesome, huh?  Urgent eye issue and no doctor to help on a Sunday morning.  After doing an online search for emergency eye care, my wife contacted Dr. Shannon L. Steinhäuser and left her a voice mail.  The doctor called my wife back and met us at her office on Sunday late afternoon/early evening and was able to determine my issue was not as serious as originally stated and proceeded to prescribe me a medicine and setup a follow up appointment for the next afternoon.  When I arrived at the pharmacy they told me they did not carry the medicine and for me to come back tomorrow.  I called back Dr. Shannon on the cell phone number she had given me and she told me that it was urgent that I get the medicine and that she would call around town and find me a pharmacy which stocked the necessary medicine.  Dr. Shannon found a pharmacist willing to stay after closing hours for me to make it to the pharmacy and pickup my medicine.  Fast forward two days and my eye felt great as if I never had any issue.   To find an eye doctor who cares enough to help you out on a Sunday is rare but to find one that spends her Sunday evening ensuring you get the necessary medicine and talks a pharmacist into staying after closing hours to wait for you is a blessing from above.   To Dr. Shannon L. Steinhäuser you are a rock star in your own right; thank you.
5 I love Phoenix Eye Care! Within the past year I developed moderate dry eye symptoms and finally received the care I needed here. My dry eye symptoms have reduced significantly after doing the LipiFlow treatment. Also, Dr. Steinhauser did a routine eye exam and found some issues that my other optometrists never noticed. I love how the doctors here always take time to actually figure out my issues and I never feel rushed. They also are super friendly and have a great sense of humor :)
