5 Ok I have the worst hat head ever but still love them so!! Was down at The Linq checking out new stores that just opened. Hat store yes! This quaint lil spot has an ol timey feel. They did not just hire anyone that applied. We received amazing service even though we said we were just browsing. I wish I had gotten the name of the amazing girl that helped me. I told her my hat woes and she had me try on a few hats that I never would've picked up let alone try on. They all looked so cute I wanted them all. What great service and a fun experience.....If you love hats (good hat head or not) this place is for you. They are there to serve you and it shows.
5 I love that we have a Goorin Bros in Vegas now. Their selection at this store is fair. They carry things that the average tourist will pop into buy but have some finer items that would please someone coming down to check out the new season's offerings. Staff at Goorin Bros. stores have always provided good customer service. Some are hipsters others are slightly geeky- all have been polite and attentive. My problem with hats in the desert is my sweaty head after wearing one! So unless it provides shade, it doesn't make sense for me personally. Goorin has a few wide brimmed hats for women but most of their styles are sporty. The men's hats are awesome. I want to buy one for my husband every time we visit and we have a frequent buyer card with several stamps on it now. :)
5 The only thing I'm sorry about is not getting the lady's name who helped us in picking out my sister's hat so I could give her props on Yelp! I posted a photo of the Nandana hat we purchased, so thank you to whoever helped us last weekend :)   I love the quality of the hats that Goorin Bros produces and it's worth the price because folks--it's made well! They steam at the shop and there's also a protectant you can get for your hats.  Yes, it does have a hipster vibe when you walk in, but who cares! The folks behind the counter are knowledgable about their products and they seem genuinely nice and willing to help you find the fit and style right for you ::)  Don't' forget to get the award card so you can get stamps for your purchases that can go towards a free hat! A free Goorin Bros hat would make your day right?!
5 Visting Vehas from San Diego and came across Chase at this store whil Hat shopping.  Absolutely LOVED him and his professionalism and GREAT costumer service he provided. Yason was also there and was just as helpful. We baught a Grey Flat Hat which I Love amd will be proud to represent Goorin Bros Hats!   They also told us some of the best spots to eat at as well! Keep up the great worknguys and stay dapper!
5 After purchasing our first hat from this quaint little establishment, we couldn't help ourselves to keep going back.  The service is top notch.  We have been taken care of beyond our expectations at each visit and all from different people (shame on me for forgetting names).  The feel and the vibe in the store takes me to a place that I could only imagine, after growing up listening to my grandfather's stories about playing in jazz clubs in NYC.  Great little shop in a wonderful location.  The hats are timeless and are something to be passed down generations!
5 My wife and I stopped in to get a hat to keep the blazing Las Vegas Sun off my head and walked out with THREE amazing hats.  Chase and Bruce were warm and welcoming and just fantastic to shop with.  I am in love with this shop and recommend it highly to anyone in search of fashionable headwear.  I love it!
5 Always love a Goorin... I left my favorite straw hat in the car before leaving for Vegas, and couldn't survive a weekend in the sun without it. I was happy to see that they have a shop on the strip, so I went here to seek out a replacement. I knew exactly what I was looking for when I walked in, and the staff was helpful in getting it fitted. They even offered me a whiskey, which helped immensely after walking off the busy strip. Friendly staff, great products, and a soothing atmosphere!
