5 Just got my hair done at Original Diva. The extensions are amazing quality! You would never know its not my hair. So happy with my results!
5 Such a cool spot at Miracle Mile Shops and really great prices, especially for being on the strip! I stopped in before a night out with a couple of my girlfriends and the service was awesome. I just got the blow-dry, which turned out perfect, I plan on going back for extensions soon :)
5 I never knew the Miracle Mile shops had a salon. After a long day of shopping I stopped by Original Diva. I am not usually an "extension" kind of person but once they put them in I was floored. I loved the volume it added to my hair. The hairdressers were very helpful and matched my hair extensions perfectly! I could not be happier and for being located on the strip the prices are really affordable!
5 I sought out Original Diva to purchase a few clip-in extensions to add volume and length to a ponytail I was going to style myself; however, when I arrived my experience was much better.  First, on the two occasions that I called to get info about services, the call was answered professionally, and I was given details that I needed.  Secondly, upon arrival, I was greeted genuinely and served immediately.  Finally, not only was I provided with the products that I requested, but I was given the option to have my hair styled also.  Big thanks to Madeline for exceeding my expectations and turning my ponytail dreams into a reality that I could not have pulled off on my own.  Brides, wedding party, birthday girls, etc. should visit Original Diva for a quick solution to boring hair!
4 As a traveller, I found it very hard to get a good cut and color as I am not in any place long enough to book in to a decent hairdresser. I knew I was heading to vegas and this place was the only one near my hotel that looked half decent.  My hairdresser was very attentive and listened to what I wanted which was basically a darker shade of blonde on the roots than what I already had (kind of going for a slight ombré look) I was very anxious about it not looking natural and didn't want it to be hugely noticeable, just subtle. I also just wanted a trim, no restyling or anything. Everything turned out very well, she did a great job with the cut and color... No head massage with the shampoo though.  It was a good job but in no way worth the $250 (including tip) that it cost me.
1 What's a girl have to do to get a pedicure in this town?!    This was my third attempt today. When I arrived, there were two girls working.  The one that took my name told me to stay close because the other would help me as soon as she finished her blow out - 15 minutes or less.  No problem!  Can I please use your restroom while I wait?  She directed me to the public restroom around the corner by the theater.  It was closed.  Did you happen to notice the heels I've been wearing all day?  I guess not because she then directed me to the other public restrooms even farther in the opposite direction.  By the time I returned, it had been well over 30 minutes and she was still wrapping up her blow out.  Yay!  Finally, I would have my painted toes!!  But no, she started talking to another customer who walked in with questions about hair services... then proceeded to help her and asked me to wait for the other girl who was just finishing up in the back.  The same one who originally took my name and obviously does NOT do pedicures.  UGH.  Worst service ever.  I doubt they have even noticed I'm gone.
