5 This is such an incredible place.. Just the lay out alone is something everyone must experience.. I love the shabby chic full length mirrors they have.. The customer service is incredible and the blow outs are amazing!!
5 This place is beautiful!  Very welcoming atmosphere.  The blowout bar is really fun.  Lots of different choices of styles.    As a local I would rather stay away from the strip and this is the place to go!  Great prices, friendly staff, and great work.  Ask for Jamy to do your blowout!!!!  She did an amazing job and it only took 1/2 hour....I felt like a movie star.
5 Sam Villa's HairShow Blowout Bar is such a unique and beautiful venue! There are upside-down parasols hanging from the ceiling that add creativity to the stylish space. I got my first blowout last night before heading to a work event and was really happy with the turnout. There are several hairstyles you can choose from or you can bring in your own picture on how you'd like your hair to be done. I loved the big mirrors and comfortable chairs you get to sit in while being pampered. Plus there is a fun step-and-repeat wall that you can take pictures with your friends to make it look like your walking a red carpet!
5 Went to Jamy for a blowout. She did a great job and the price is reasonable.
5 As a local, I hate going down to the strip but the location of this blowout bar couldn't have been better. It's location inside Town Square is great since it's so central to everything and right off the freeway so you don't have to fight crazy tourist traffic and taxi's.  The blowouts and updos they offer are beautiful and done within minutes so you're not sitting for hours. By the time you leave the blowout bar, you look and feel like a movie star.
5 My twin and I celebrated our 30th birthday in Las Vegas. We began our celebration at this amazing high end salon. Customer service was outstanding! In addition to the high end look they sincerely hired the best staff. First impression is key to a successful business and this salon over exceeded my expectation. They treated my friends and I like royalty! We drove to Vegas from Palm Springs, and I can't tell you that we have a salon like this one. I would fly to this place daily just to get my hair done if I could! Ask for my stylist Hope. She's amazing and very detailed! My hair lasted for 3 days! I'm not embarrassed to say it! You will see when you get there! Try it! Reasonable prices for outstanding service!!! Thank you!!!
5 Ok Joscelin is the best! Me and my friend Christie came for a blow out! Joscelin let me nap while she did her magic!! I will be back! It's my very first time here! I felt welcome from the moment I walked in! The coffee is yummy! Marissa is super nice too! Christie and I will be back! Thank you Joscelin and Marissa for a great experience!! I feel like a million bucks!!
5 Beautiful salon. I unfortunately was running 15 min late because I got lost but they were very accommodating despite my stylist being booked for the entire rest of the day. I had a blowout with Joscelin and she gave me the exact style I wanted with vavavoom volume. Very pleased (and I'm a hairdresser myself) . Also the complimentary scented oil for your hair was a nice touch. Highly recommend !!!
5 Sam Villa is an amazing, posh, and unique salon. My sister wanted her 9-person bachelorette party to get blowouts during our weekend in Vegas. After researching different options on Yelp, Sam Villa seemed like the best option in terms of value, vibe, and proximity to our hotel. Take it from me--it's impossible to get a blowout for under $75 anywhere on The Strip. Sam Villa's Town Square locale is a welcomed reprieve from all of the cosmopolitan chaos, and worth the 10-minute cab fare, and $30 savings x the number in your party for blowouts.  I called a week prior to schedule 9 appointments. The receptionist was very personable and accommodating for a party of our size. We had half of our party booked for 3pm on a Saturday, and the other half for an hour later at 4pm. On the day of our appointments, half of our group was too tired and zoned out by the pool to get their hair done. When I called at 1pm to cancel the five 3pm slots, the staff at Sam Villa was super forgiving and understanding and didn't penalize or guilt us at all for bailing last minute like many salons would have. After leaving a few minutes late and getting lost on the way there (completely my fault), the receptionist gave us directions and the four of us arrived a full half an hour late for our appointments. The salon is gorgeous, bright, and spacious--we felt like we were in a hip club in the best way possible. Considering our past transgressions, I expected the staff to completely turn us away, but they met us with enthusiastic smiles and understanding manners. The receptionist explained that the stylists need a full hour for each blowout in order to do a thorough and personalized job for each customer. Because our stylists were booked for the rest of the day, they were only able to work two of us in for blowouts. They offered styling, makeup application, and nail services to the rest of us as available alternatives. I ended up getting a wonderful Essie manicure with the most friendly and warm technician I've ever had--she even gave me a party nail at no extra cost! The remaining member of our group had her makeup applied and loved it. After canceling 5 appointments last minute, and arriving 30 minutes late, the 4 of us left very happy and beautified thanks to Sam Villa's amazingly talented, kind, and professional staff. My sister, the 2x weekly blowout queen, said that this was the best blowout she's ever received. We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.  As a longtime Yelp user, this is the first business I've ever visited that compelled me to actually sit down and write a review. Thank you, Sam Villa, for a fabulous experience! We promise to be better next time.
5 Marketing definitely works. Got a flyer for the free blowout at a Yelp event and got a fabulous blowout from Hope.  Also, the place is laid out nicely with different rooms for the nail and hair services.  I'll definitely be back for future blowouts and to try the other services.
5 WHAT AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE! This was my very first blow out from a blow out bar and let me just say that I am hooked.  Angelo my stylist was amazing.  He took time with me giving me a great consultation, followed by a chemistry system to give me great condition and an amazing scalp massage.  Sam Villa's Hairshow Blowout Bar is a experience like no other and I felt so hollywood after my blowout.
5 Awesome place.  Awesome deal for locals.  This place has great prices on blowouts and the fact that it's in Townsquare doesn't hurt!  My friend and I had blowouts and she also had her eye makeup done.  At first I thought it was a little pricey just for eye makeup...until I saw how good it looked.  I can't remember her name but this chick is INCREDIBLE.  Seriously.  Her eyes still looked just as glam the next day (and yes, she definitely rocked that same makeup the next day at the pool)!    I'm definitely going back and next time I'll have my makeup done too!
