3 Cheap, easy way to go for a buffet.  It's located in what I call the "heart of the east side" where China Olive use to be at. It's pretty small compared to other Buffet @ Asia restaurants, but the building itself was already pretty small.  Anyways.. Expect a wait. Not too long of a wait though. They're pretty quick on getting people in and out.  The food itself is your standard Chinese food. If you go during dinner, they have a selection on crab which is my favorite! I don't come here with high expectations, so I'm pretty well satisfied at the end of my meal. Their sushi is actually pretty decent as well.  Great place to go if you're on the east side and want some Chinese food.
1 This place has a very limited selection of food for their dinner buffet. Asia is a huge continent. This place has extremely basic Chinese-buffet dishes and offers no desserts.  I was forced to dine here by my roommate who likes buffets.... Two fish dishes were great; however, all the basics(orange chicken; beef; seafood delight) were awful. The only remotely exciting dish was fried potstickers(the frozen food aisle ones).  Dessert options were reminiscent of my granny's nursing home(tons of jellos and gross soft-serve ice cream in basic-b!?@$ cones). Old oysters in dessert area.         Dinner Price: $15  Alas, a hibachi buffet is being built about a mile away(behind capriottis on Nellis). I'd advise Mexican for dining in this area, unless you enjoy nearby Applebee's or olive garden(in which case you'll love this place!).
1 First time very good experices second worst waiter I have ever meet!! He rolled his eyes every time I try to get his attention and when I let another staff member know she quickly talked to him but this person would not even offer to take the plates or nither refill my coke (not that I would after complaining) one bad employee makes you have seconds toughs about going back.. P.S Sushi is not even worth it
2 I have been wanting to check out this new location for awhile now because it's pretty close to my home and all I can say is that I've experienced better.   The service was okay. The cashiers were nice, but the servers who refilled our drinks and took our plates acted like they didn't want to be there. Have a little bit of enthusiasm for your work or you won't go anywhere in life. They had a better variety of entrees and desserts than the Flamingo location, but they don't have Mongolian BBQ.   I ate here only a few hours ago, but I am already experiencing a sour stomach. The food here is soooooooooo greasy. I was feeling sick at the table because of the insane amount of grease! I love dessert though and their tapioca pudding is the best.  Anyway, this place was okay, but I don't think I'll be back.
1 I had to treat my mom out because she wanted noodles. So aside from d buffet, we stopped in this joint. I was greeted at the door, which was a good sign thus far, cleanliness of the place appearing to be good. Service good... negative: the food wasn't held at priper temperatures..can we say foodborne illness?
