5 This is an amazing dog club in the middle of the city. Discovered this doggie oasis while visiting the Container Park. Cathy introduced herself and this awesome dog club through the fence and we were so impressed with both Cathy and the beautiful green lawn with happy pups of all sizes.  Show up with your pup and their vaccination records. They assess the social level of your best friend for a fee. They suggest a membership level based upon your pooch's behavior and you buy a membership that suits your precious pooch.  It's a lovely place with lots of grass and some water features the dogs LOVE!  Welcome to Las Vegas Hydrant Club. This world is going to the dogs....and that's a VERY GOOD thing!!!  PS this is just a couple blocks east of the Container Park on the north side of Fremont. Look for the GIANT YELLOW HYDRANT on the corner.
5 Welcome to the Hydrant Club run by the most passionate dog person I've ever met, Cathy Brooks. The Hydrant Club is a private dog park & doggie day club (seriously, minus the bottle service) for well mannered pups to play and snooze while their humans are at work. There's an outdoor grassy park that is VERY clean with baby pools, plenty of shade, a cool water feature and a concrete tunnel for the pups to run through. They also have a newly renovated indoor play area for those sweltering desert days and will offer boarding in August-ish that will be staffed with an overnight pup-sitter.   All dogs are screened by Cathy to make sure dogs aren't aggressive or overly dominant, so you can be assured that all "member dogs" are great playmates for your pup. I'm always nervous at public dog parks because I never know how another dog may respond, but I feel super comfortable at HC.   Once approved after the screening, clients can purchase a park membership, which gives members access to the outdoor area via a key fob or they can purchase packages for daycare + park access (that's what we do).  Daycare is open during traditional business hours and staffed by people who love dogs. Clients also have access to members only social events that are dog-friendly.   You get what you pay for at the Hydrant Club. I live in Summerlin, work near the strip and drive my dog to the Hydrant Club everyday because my dog absolutely loves it (and he is exhausted at night from playing all day). We are very lucky to have such a cool place for our dog to go to everyday.
