5 Really cute cafe in Antiques at the Market run by a chef hailing from New York City! The staff is super friendly and accommodating, and the food is really hearty and delicious! I would definitely recommend the signature burger - mac n cheese and bacon jam on a beef patty - what's not to love? I also enjoyed their mac n cheese in general, it's baked and crispy on the edges, yummmm. Other tasty dishes include the Brie and mushroom bruschetta, caramel bar, hummus, and so much more! Can't wait to visit again!
5 Truffles n bacon is an exceptional cafe. Although the place is somewhat hidden , it is worth the trip.  I attended the grand opening and  I was expecting decent food but the their signature burger is above expectations. The place also has  diverse assortments such as  salads,  Mac and cheese,  grilled cheese sandwhichs, deserts, and my favorite, bacon jam. Overalll, Trufflesnbacon is a must.
5 I recommend TNB burger , NOT YOUR MAMAS  MAC , Mushroom bruschetta. Don't forget the bacon jam to go jar if they still have any left, it's good with any dinner or Hawaiian rolls or even for morning toasts.  I'm so glad I had bought some from Vegas to San Diego !   Now I'm craving the chips & hummus  Ok this means another trip to Vegas for me :). I wish we have cafés like this in SD ,
5 Amazing food! My goal is to try everything on the menu!   Keep in mind that they can whip up anything you can think of just as long as they have the ingredients!
5 A group of six of us had the pleasure of trying Truffles N Bacon today.  We were celebrating a birthday and, since we had no definite plans, I made the call to give them a try even though they had just opened and most of the existing Yelp reviews seemed to be from people with almost no prior reviews.  In short, all six of us left extremely satisfied and will all definitely return.  Truffles N Bacon is located INSIDE the antiques mall.  It's a little difficult to find, but worth it.  The room itself is small, yet cozy and inviting.  The staff are very friendly and made us feel at home right away.  The menu is quite large and everything sounds delicious.  On top of that, there is a specials board with even more delicious-sounding items.  I started with the citrus iced tea and it was wonderfully refreshing.  The tea was light with just the right amount of lemon and, best of all, it was not too sweet.  There was also the occasional shred of mint leaf which was a nice touch.  With the entrees we ordered all being extremely rich, this iced tea was perfect to cut through the flavors and cleanse the palate.  Most of us got either the Signature Hamburger or the Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese.  The hamburger had a nicely cooked beef patty (quite juicy), a rectangular slice of crispy mac and cheese, and bacon jam.  A Sriracha mayo came on the side.  A side of fried tater tots tossed in truffle oil was also included, as were some salad leaves.  With the addition of the Sriracha mayo, the burger was excellent.  Savory, cheesy, spicy, and a hint of sweetness from the bacon jam all at the same time.  I also enjoyed the added texture of the mac and cheese noodles.  If I had to find fault, I would say the generic sesame seed bun could have been swapped for something lighter and homemade.  The menu listed the bun as a brioche, but it just looked like a regular supermarket sesame bun.  A fluffy eggy golden brioche bun like the ones used at Bachi Burger or Umami Burger would have been better.  But it's a small complaint for an excellent burger.  The Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese was also excellent.  The bread choice was thick, crusty, and a perfect contrast to the mound of soft short rib, bacon jam, cheese, and blanched broccoli rabe.  The flavor of the short rib was great and elevated the grilled cheese.  As my friend said, "this is definitely not my mama's grilled cheese".  The dish is perfect and comes with sides of truffled tater tots and salad.  My friend ordered the Pimp My Bruschetta, where you can choose any three of five types of bruschetta.  She enjoyed the minty pureed peas with bacon jam one the best.  She also had the mushroom with Brie and the babaganoush and liked them very much as well.  We also all shared an order of Godfather's Mac and Cheese.  It was the best mac and cheese I've had in a long time.  It comes out hot with crispy cheese and burnt edges.  The short rib added savoriness and the flavor was incredible.  They should do this exact same mac and cheese, add red chili flakes in with the cheese, and call it  the "Hot Godfather" or something.  I'd order that.  We also received a very nice dessert platter from the kitchen to help us celebrate the birthday.  It was a very appreciated gesture and the staff seemed happy to do it.  This might be an overly long review considering it's longer than my review of Per Se, but I was very impressed by Truffles N Bacon and want them to stick around, so I figured I'd post something more detailed than what was already on Yelp.  If I had one critique of the food, I would say that the spring mix salad on each entree platter was unnecessary.  It didn't really add anything to the meal.  I would have rather seen them come up with some signature crispy apple/carrot/radish slaw using an acidic and maybe slightly gingery dressing (no mayo).  It would be the perfect contrast to the rich food.  Serve it chilled in small chilled ramekins and it would be much more appreciated than just simple spring mix.  My only regret was not having room for the french toast bread pudding they had on the specials board today.
3 There's new place opened inside the Antiques at the Market called Truffles n Bacon Cafe with interesting deliciousness going on! Sandwiches, salads and soups are borderline gourmet.   The "Pimp My Bruchetta" is what I ordered. You get 3 pieces of bruchetta and pick your choice of toppings. Some topping choices I'll mention: minty peas w/bacon jam, mushroom & brie, halomi cheese w/sautéed grapes and Babaganoush!! This also came with a side of salad greens that's tossed w/a vinaigrette. I was real happy with my choices I got. Especially the babaganoush which was perfectly light in texture. Mushroom paired with Brie was brilliant!  I consider these more light bites though than a meal.   So still hungry I'm up for round two and go for their signature grilled cheese. A panini w/chipotle mayo.  Not too bad! Grilled cheese with a little twist. I love the chipotle slaw on bed of greens it came with. It added a little zing to the the cheesy sandwich.   Dont miss getting their citrus iced tea! They brew their own tea and top it with a mint leaf and slice of lemon. Very refreshing! Compliments all the sandwiches.  Other menu items that caught my attention "The Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese" with short rib, bacon jam, cheese and  broccoli rabe, their signature burger  comes with burger, mac n cheese, bacon jam, siracha ketchup on brioche bun..with fries seasoned in truffle oil. Yum! There was also another sandwich with brisket in it.  So with all that good stuff mentioned, where's the bacon in all this? While waiting I took a second look at the menu and bacon is only present as a condiment ( TnB's bacon jam) My server did say the menu changes and they do different specials each day, so Im assuming maybe it's on their daily special or the board that was in the main dining room. Dont get me wrong, the menu is pretty good but bacon lovers looking for bacon at Truffles n Bacon might be a little disappointed.  What they can do without is the tater tots! I don't know but they reek of the frozen type variety. Mine went untouched after the first bite. Hence why this time around it's not a solid 4 stars yet.  I really enjoyed the rest of  my lunch though.   The cafe is cute and simple. The kitchen is open and you can see their work area is pretty clean.  The main dining area has banquette seating  and the second dining area by the window is smaller  with 2 sets of tables in there.  It's the perfect setting for this antique mall. Speaking of which, where is the Antiques at the Market Mall?? Right across Sunset Park, just past Sunset Road. You'll see their marquee and some banners for it. Turn into the parking lot and go ALL THE WAY to the back. It's brick colored building with ANTIQUES in green letters.  Staff is really friendly and all orders came out in a timely manner. My table mates and I  were happy with what we ordered. Everything for the most part is reasonably priced.  I'll be sure to keep this place in mind when I'm in the area.
5 Unique location and amazing food!  This little gem is hidden in the corner of the Antiques Market.  They have only been open about 2 weeks but I predict longevity for this cafe.  The chef, Jackie Lim, is a transplant from NYC and has brought her signature bacon jam to Vegas.  Rumor on the street that she cooked for Bill Clinton...well there's also a picture on the wall =)  The style comes across as comfort food with an Asian touch, done with a rustic twist.  The meal starts with complimentary chips and home made garlic hummus.  After stalking the Yelp reviews, we settled on the TNB signature burger and the The Ryan (panini with brisket).  However, other options were quite tantalizing as well, such as the Chicharron cobb salad...and I don't even like salad.  But hands down, the highlight of the meal was the TNB signature burger.  One of the best burgers in Vegas, what is there not to like about a hamburger with bacon jam, mac and cheese, and sriracha mayo inside a brioche bun?!  The rich flavor from the gooey mac and cheese pairs perfectly with the spicy sriracha and the sweet/salty bacon jam. The burger comes with a side of greens and fried tater tots tossed in truffle oil.  My one small complaint was that my tater tots weren't as crispy as my fiances...noticeably pale compared to his golden ones.  But minor discrepancy that I'm sure they will work out.  The staff is extremely friendly and constantly checks to make sure everything is to your liking with the meal.  The Ryan had amazingly tender brisket, but it pales in comparison to the TNB burger.  As we were eating, a food critic happened to walk in, so of course I eavesdropped on her conversation.  They apparently have fresh brewed citrus teas, and a collection of fresh made pastries.  On the weekends, they have different flavors of scones, cakes, and brownies for breakfast/dessert as well.  These delectables are created by a baker of Finnish origin, also a transplant from NYC.  With the myriad of unique daily specials and a strong base menu, I'm rooting for this restaurant to survive the Las Vegas market.  The cafe has a quaint feel and after eating to your hearts content, you can browse the peculiar items at the Antiques Market, giving your stomach a little time to digest.
4 Situated inside Antiques At The Market, this place can be a little tricky to find.  Decided to go for the TNB Café Signature Hamburger topped with crispy mac n' cheese, TNB bacon jam, and Sriracha mayo.  If you can put together a perfect hangover food, this would be it!!  Savory and greasy to soak up all that booze.  I also like the profile of saltiness from the mac n' cheese and sweetness from their signature jam together in one bite.  The dish came with baked tater tots tossed in truffle oil, which I didn't really care for since I really don't like that synthetic/artificial flavor of truffle oil.  Overall, Truffles n Bacon Café is great for quick breakfast/lunch.  Food was great and customer service was superb.  Will definitely be coming back!!
3 The smell that hit me when I walked into the Antique Market was so nauseating. It was that old thrift shop smell, it was so dusty in there, Sarah Marie and I started sneezing. I really was hoping she would change her mind and we could go somewhere else. We proceeded to the left corner of the mall to find a small "cafe". We were greeted my a friendly staff member that led us to sit down. We ordered their famous citrus iced tea, the lady had told us they had become known for. We looked over the menu, it was small, and I was trying to figure out where the truffles n bacon name came from. We decided to just split something to test out the waters. We got the "Pimp my Bruschetta" you pick 3 different toppings for your bruschetta, we went with Minty Peas with Bacon Jam (it was a few pieces of crumbled bacon on top), Babaganoush, and Grilled Haloumi Cheese with Sauteed Grapes. It came with a side salad as well.  They serve their dishes on a baking sheet, which is new to me. The bruschetta was good, the haloumi cheese was my favorite. We sat there for quite sometime with empty tea glasses, and we were still starving and wanted to order something else, but no one came around. It wasn't that busy. So after a good 15 minutes passed, we decided to call it quits and go somewhere else.
5 I have the biggest food baby right now thanks to TNB. Second time to eat here. First visit I had the panini with bacon jam and today the TNB signature burger with mac n cheese on top. Both times I stumbled out of there like a full term pregnant woman. This place is a must try, but I would suggest not eating anything beforehand.
5 Try the buttermilk fried chicken Blt on sourdough bread  I also ordered the special meal whih is the Turkey burger on portabello mushrooms on bed of lettuce.   The chef can prepare the food to your liking  It's so good !  We don't have one like this in San Diego yet.  Call it crazy but we drove this far for this lol.  I don't mind  Also try the Taro and sweet potato chips yummmmy!!!!!
5 I was super impressed with this place. It's a little hard to find, just because it's inside the antique store it's attached to but totally worth finding. The woman who served us was named Magnolia, and she was extremely personable and hospitable. The food arrangements were different than anything I've experienced and so adorable! The food itself was superb and extremely creative. I will definitely be returning here. Come give it a try!
1 Couldn't get our order taken... walked out.  Very small, no ambiance.  Did not offer items featured in Seven magazine and ran out of specials by 12:30.
5 What a lovely place! We were drawn in by the tea service, and found the staff to be so helpful and friendly! The decor is bright and clean but also cozy and intimate. The scones were excellent! Can't wait to come back for lunch!
5 So many good things to say about this place. Let's start with the owners. They are super friendly and passionate about the food they serve. The TNB Burger with bacon jam, yes I said jam!, was incredibly tasty. While the truffled tatter tots as a side were some of the best I have had in a while. Make sure to wash your meal down with their home brewed sweet orange mint Iced tea.  The location is quaint, being located inside an antique shopping. Overall, it's a gem if you're up for something off the path that won't disappoint.
4 The menu items here are unique and interesting, and the food I had was tasty.  The service was very friendly, and the prices are reasonable. But I couldn't give it five stars because the lack of tableware was a turnoff.  The sandwich, fries and salad were served on a piece of paper on top of a small baking sheet.  Eating a dressed salad off of paper is weird enough, but trying to stab into the salad pieces with a dull plastic fork was downright frustrating and unpleasant.  My iced tea was served in a cheap plastic cup as well. Given the fact that the menu is so unique, I'm surprised they want to cheapen the whole experience with plastic tableware.
5 Wonderful! The signature burger & Mac dish, fruit Tea were excellent, great service right up there with Bachi burger
5 My Hubby and I brought my Mom here for Mother's Day, and loved the ambience of this cute cafe inside the Antiques Market. We ordered the citrus ice tea which is the best ice tea I have ever had! I ordered the signature burger with truffle tater tots, and seriously, it was the best burger I have eaten. It was delicious with the Mac n cheese on it and bacon jam.....oh my! Even the tater tots were ridiculously tasty! My hubs ordered a special burger that had brisket and I saw him devour that, my Mom ordered the special club sandwich of the day which had Brie on it, and I will say, there was not one bit of food left on any plate! Chef Jackie came out and said hi to us, and she was so sweet, she sent us a special dessert with fresh berries. If Chef Jackie can make simple foods taste like she did, I can only imagine what else she is capable of creating, so I will be sure to come back many many times to keep on eating her delicious creations! This place is a must go!!!
5 This cafe is the perfect spot for comfort food with a modern flare. The chef is a food genius! On our short vacation we stopped here numerous times. We all agreed that the Mac and cheese balls with bacon jam, and the signature burger are a must! The house brewed tea hits the spot for this Vegas heat. The owners make you feel extremely welcome and right at home. You will find adorable little piggies as decorations. Don't forget to have the hazelnut truffles for dessert.
4 Tucked away into the back corner of the Antiques at the Market, I sort of felt like I entered a cutely decorated friend's house. The only downside is that there wasn't anyone to greet us and we didn't see a sign that said "seat yourself". The layout added to the confusion because there was an open door to the kitchen with people working hard in that area. We were thinking...do we go up to that door to order? Do we take a seat and wait for someone to notice us? We saw another couple in the restaurant eating and just decided to take a seat and figured that someone would be out soon after that. We waited about five minutes and I decided to go to the open door to see what the format for ordering was for this place. I stood there for a solid 30 seconds before someone acknowledged me and they let me know that someone would be right out.   After that bit of confusion, the service and food was absolutely excellent! They had some interesting specials, but I came there on a mission...to try their signature burger. I enjoy places that have distinctive items. I consider myself a decent enough cook and I eat salads everyday for work, so I when I go out to eat, I turn my nose up at ordering Cobb salads or dishes I can make at home with ease. I go out to eat to be wowed and I was definitely wowed.  I ordered their signature burger with fries and their iced caramel coffee. My boyfriend ordered their cubano burger (it was a special on the chalkboard with pickles, pork, ham, mustard, on their bun) with a vanilla iced coffee and tater tots. I will just say that when I bit into my burger, my eyes just bulged...so many flavors! The salty-sweet bacon jam, mixed with the huge portion of mac n cheese (it was the type of mac n cheese that I love because it has the crispy baked edges and super creamy), with a juicy patty. I was not able to pick out the sriracha ketchup out but the flavor combination was divine. My boyfriend took a bite and said "I want to make love to this burger". The fries and tater tots are made with truffle oil, which is my personal favorite way of having fries. I feel like that meal hit a lot of my favorites!  They had a prepared pitcher of cucumber-lemon flavored water for anyone to grab. The only downside to that is my boyfriend hates cucumbers, so he was not able to grab any water. The iced coffees were a little too sweet for my taste. Still great and next time I would like to try their signature iced tea.   Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. Grab a bite and then let the food digest while walking around the adorable antique market. It makes for a lovely lunch date!
3 I like this place - ingredients are great and the presentation is cute, but the quality of finish wasn't so good at our last visit. We'll have to try again and update the review when we have a chance.
4 Items experienced: Lemon-Lime Cucumber Water Apricot Scone Pimp my Bruschetta - Mushrooms and Brie with onion and tarragon, Tomato and Mozzarella with basil and red pepper flake, Grilled Haloumi Cheese with Sauteed Grapes Monte Cristo with Sweet Potato Chips Dirty Brownie with Fudge, Dried Cherry, Cream Cheese Swirls French Toasted Bread Pudding with warm Caramel  Located inside Antiques at the Market and bolstering its Williamsburg-hipster credentials with a name like Truffles n Bacon Café I'll be the first to admit that I entered Jackie Lim's tiny restaurant as a skeptic but with a selection of specials equally well crafted as those on an exemplary daily menu I emerged a believer; sentiments that even steamy temperatures, amateur service, and a room-full of needy Red Hats couldn't thwart.  Based on the concept of accessible decadence and tucked away in a cozy corner with cute décor it was just past noon when I arrived at Truffles n Bacon and invited to seat myself after self serving the first of several cups of water menus were presented, a thin young man with odd mannerisms butchering pronunciations while more senior servers attended to a private party at the storefront window.  Every bit living up to its café credentials with a crafted menu of soups, salads, sandwiches, and small plates it was with some remorse that I passed over options like the Mac n' Cheese and Bacon Jam spiked sandwiches but focusing first on a duo of appetizers I was immediately free of regret, the small $2 scone a textbook example pocketed with butter and apricots while all three rounds of bruschetta proved bold  and balanced, the saline-sweetness of the haloumi and grape composition particularly enthralling.  Moving next to things more substantial suffice it to say that with housemade preserves gilding the proverbial lily one should pay close attention to the buttery brioche enveloped 'Monte Cristo' whose lack of deep frying renders it particularly light - a matter of particular importance to those with smaller appetites as no one should leave Truffles n Bacon without ordering dessert, the decadent wedge of dark chocolate brownie still molten at its core while two batons of vanilla custard laden bread pudding were treated to a high-temperature sear rendering the exterior caramelized as insides presented hot, jiggly, and amongst the city's very best desserts.
4 Had a late lunch today - very nice and quick service.  I had the pimp my bruschetta - mushrooms and brie, tomato and mozz, minty pea - very yummy.  Came with an unexciting side salad.  I just hated walking thru the whole market to find it - wish the side door had access.  Definitely will come back!
5 Absolutely delicious! If you're a foodie, you will absolutely LOVE this place. And if you're anything like my wife and me, you'll leave the antique store with a few goodies, too! We tried the burger the the chicken sandwich - both were phenomenal. The sweet potato chips and tater tots were to die for, as well.
