4 The Lion's Tail Tavern is a drink-forward, gaming bar with one of the best names around!  Billed as an American style cocktail bar with a Vegas twist, The Lion's Tail Tavern fits right in at Village Square.  It's a locals kind of establishment where I could easily see regulars coming to gamble a little while they get their drink on.  They are classier than the typical Vegas neighborhood bar, but still maintain a warm genuine feel.   The Lion's Tail Tavern is straightforward in their approach--serving quality drinks (with some elevated options), lots of seats for gaming, big screens to watch the game, and of course... Golden Tee to keep things real.  Those familiar with this area of town may know Danny from Three Angry Wives.  One of the nicer bartenders around, he knows how to take care of players and is now the general manager at TLTT.  I also understand that you will be able to order from Bachi Burger (next door) to satisfy your hunger needs, and that they will bring your food over to you!  I don't frequent gaming bars, but had an enjoyable experience here.  5 stars for drinks, gaming, viewing and purity of focus.  If you're not into gaming this is probably not a spot you'll be dying to come back to, but if you're looking for another option to incorporate into your weekly routine they are solid option to play on West Sahara.
5 Of course I had to sneak here since I'm an Embers fan and its run by the same great guy. I had been here once when it was Route 66, which was just bad. Its now a really classy place, great decorations, good music, clean, with about 15 or so gaming areas and room for 24 or so.  Service was great, Danny behind the bar kept my drink filled on time, and the gaming system was nice because once you sign up you get some special bonuses while playing that I wasn't expecting. I think I won like $28 in free money for the two hours I played.   Great place, that like Embers will get so busy I won't be able to find a seat at unless I arrive early. Cool place to go before or after a movie, or getting food at Bachi Burger or 808 Tapas.
1 I've never had such poor customer service in my life. The bartender's attitude is beyond rude. It's a nice bar and I've been going since they opened, now I won't be returning. The prices are fair and it's a good environment, but this guy was giving an attitude The second I walked in. Won't be returning anytime soon.
5 This bar is located right in the heart of Village Square, conveniently next to the movie theater and other restaurants and fun things to do in the plaza! I grew up going to this plaza and when I went, I didn't realize this tavern so I decided to go today and see what the bar is like.   When you enter, you are greeted with a full bar with slot machines and nice tables with dimly lit candles against the wall and a video game in the corner. It is pretty small, but for a small space, it is open and spacious! I thought it was very chic and intimate.   The bartenders who gave me and my friend drinks were friendly and very nice! Everyone made sure they greeted every customer and asked frequently if me and my friend if we were okay and if we needed anything else. I also noticed that the bartenders tried making conversations, but kept it very professional.   I didn't stay long, but the drinks were good, service was great and the space/ambiance was great as well! I would go back to this bar with a group of friends next time for sure!
5 This bar is a hidden gem! It is not your typical Vegas bar. They have the most amazing machines with so many choices! I don't care to gamble but these machines have so much stuff that they don't even have in casinos. The bathroom is spot on clean and the entire bar itself is immaculate, all while being cozy at the same time. Bartender was awesome, a brunette, I forgot her name! Sorry! A must visit!  Highly urge you to go!
