5 I had a horrible tattoo that Rick was to morph into something I could be proud show off. There are many talented artists here if you are looking for a specific style.Great customer serivce and quality art!
5 Sick Artist, friendly and to the point. If they think what you want to get done isn't gonna look good, they will tell you and work with your ideas and explain why it wont work or look good where you want it. Sick views of the strip but not strip pricing. Good art cost money, and i think there prices are way better then what you would pay on the strip. All in all i know all the artist there personally and they are very dedicated to what they do and put a-lot of love into there art.
5 Talkn about quality Tattooing, out of a Classy Tattoo Shop, topped with the finest customer service... Trip Ink is the bees knees! C/S L&R
5 I am so happy that I found Derek rubright to do my watercolor Phoenix tattoo! I couldn't be happier with the outcome. Not only did I get my amazing tattoo here but now my boyfriend is getting one as well. Awesome staff, great shop. I would definitely come here again, and plan on doing so soon!
5 Walked up & was greeted at the door. Super friendly guys with some amazing art work. The shop was nice & clean. They didn't even mind that we brought our teenage daughters with us. Rob did a fantastic job & using the design I brought in & making it just what I was looking for. My husband is up next & I am sure that it will be amazing or as he says bad ass.
5 My husband & I spent the whole day with the guys at a Trip Ink. We are so happy with the service and work done my husband got his whole upper arm done by Derek and plans a return trip to put on the chest part of it. I got not 1 by 2 pieces done by Rob & am very happy with both. I look forward to going back & putting some more detail into them.
5 My wife and I have been getting tattooed at trip Inc 4 few years now by Rick trip and I'm 100% satisfied with the quality off work and tattooing that they are capable of & I have also seen work done by others tattooers in the shop and they all seem to be very qualified tattooers thanks for all your great work
