5 This great little market is right next to my house, so of course I had to check it out. The gentleman who works there is very friendly and happy to answer questions about different products. From what I can tell, there is a good variety of foods from all different Asian countries. They also have fresh ice cream and a relaxed atmosphere.   I'm looking forward to trying lots of things from here! Can't wait until they get some more varieties of mochi!
5 Had to check out  the new local Asian market, they had just opened so they didn't have much merchandise yet, but they are so nice and kind and told me they would be getting in much more products so I am happy about that.  I will be coming back here to have the green tea ice cream,,, yummy ,,,, Come check out this little market if you want a taste of unique Asian products if anything come check out their flavors of ice cream.   Happy yelping xoxooxox
2 This place had little selection. I was excited there was an asian market that opened right next to my place. However, when I checked it out cause I needed some last minute vegetables for the sinigang I was going to make I noticed that the vegetables they had were basically rotting already. The sitaw (chinese long beans) I was going to buy there had brown spots all over them already and were definitely over priced. I can see that they had all the canned filipino foods people may need to make some filipino dishes which is a good thing. But I think this place definitely needs more products in order to really blossom. This store has potential to explode but not with the little selection of vegetables and filipino foods they have. It is at a convenient place right next to Mountain's Edge neighborhood, but they need to defintely up their products.
5 This place is great. Saves me the headache of having to go to seafood city for some quick essentials. The store is always clean and organized and has a friendly atmosphere. The two cashiers I've seen have always been very polite to everyone I've seen walk in.  I briefly talked to the owner the week of their opening and he's a real friendly guy.  Their selection is a bit limited for now, but I'm sure it's bound to expand.
5 Lots of yummy snacks that I've never tried before and the ice cream is really good. Looks like they could have more selection but it's a great addition to this area
