5 Vegas was beginning to dissapoint me until I came here.  finally found some good Mexican food! Family owned. Chips and salsa while you wait for your food. And the salsa bar is awesome. Won't be disappointed.
5 This was a hidden gem. We were going to go for our third visit to the place next door (Beijing Noodle) but decided why not try this small Mexican food place next door. Bottomline is great food at great prices. I got a carne asada  burrito for just under $5. Good, BUT the star of the show was that my friend got a the three enchiladas special for $6.25. A cheese, chicken, and a carne asada enchilada! Came with rice and beans. Beans are super excellent! You need to try this place.
5 I can't wait to try everything on this menu.  We got smothered burritos that are massive and you have a choice of red mild or hot and green mild.  The red hot is great.  We had a colifornia and a regular carne adasa - the meat was tender and flavorful.  The only other thing we got was a fish taco to try it - it was also huge and so delicious - with a lot of fresh guac on top.  They have a huge selection and I really hope they do well - the food speaks for it's self.
5 Awesome place!  Lived here for 2 years and was disappointed with the choices of Mexican food until I found Salsa Loca!!  Large portions of amazing food, low prices and friendly staff. A must visit!!
4 This is my review after my first 4-5 visits.  Please note that I reserve 5-star ratings for places that are truly mind-blowing & must visit establishments.  ...and this place could end up earning that right once I try more of the menu & they tweak a few things.  :)  Right now, I'm hooked on the chili verde burritos.  They are served piping hot & perfectly seasoned for my taste.  Highly recommended!  (5 stars)  They also do a great job of honoring special requests & the front counter guy has a good memory of my previous requests.  You see, my girlfriend is allergic to onions, which can be a real challenge when eating Mexican food at restaurants.  Many restaurants seem to marinate or include onions as a base ingredient in nearly everything.  It appears Salsa Loca does a very good job at avoiding this problem.  As for the restaurant itself,  it's been clean during all of my visits.  Front counter guy is friendly & helpful.  Other items I've tried:  Al Pastor tacos (good, not great - 4 stars) Carne Asada tacos (good, not great - 4 stars) Chicken burrito with no onions (special request I believe or it simply doesn't come with onions - 4 stars)  Things I'd like to see improved (so far):  Cucumbers in the salsa bar are diced into cubes.  I'd prefer bigger pieces. Carrots & Onions in the salsa bar (does that have a name?). Seems lacking. Horchata:  it's kept in a sliding glass door cooler on the bottom shelf.  Would like to see a better setup for that.  Here's the bottom line:  this place is the overall best walk up to the counter/take-out Mexican spot in that neighborhood & well worth a visit.  You will not be disappointed.
