5 Stopped in for a late dinner didn't remember this being here. Had a burger and fries.....FANTASTIC! The staff was extremely attentive and polite also found out this is their first day open here! Would not have guessed that one as smoothly as everything was.
5 Now that I have eaten there 3 times, for dinner, breakfast and lunch, I can say it: there is just nothing that they eff up. The service is phenomenal, and everything tastes great. Yes, it is a chain, but it is also in casino land where you don't usually  service like this.  The cafe that used to be here was alright. Everyone was nice enough. The food was good enough, but I always felt like I was settling for convenience over taste, when I walked in.  Here are the things I have tried: lemon zucchini stick appetizer (SO good), Pot Pie (actually better than my recipe, dang it. It is their historic signature dish. I see why.) Eggs Benedict (with perfectly poached eggs. That never happens in a casino!!!) and Caesar Salad (heavy on the dressing, which I love. If you are not into that, just ask for it light.) They serve warm bread and marinara on the side with entrees. Yum!  I did debate about the 5 stars. This is no Nobu. But it is awesome for this location, they know how to poach an egg & It will fuel me through another awesome Punk Rock Bowling weekend!
5 We decided to come here on their opening night and boy am I glad we did. We were greeted by the hostess upon arrival and promptly brought to a table. Our waitress came by shortly after and took our orders and then brought over some of that wonderful herb seasoned bread with the marinara sauce... Omg yum! We decided on entrees my bf got the ribs and I got the sirloin. Both meals were cooked to perfection. The ribs were fall off the bone and packed a lot of flavor. We were very impressed with the wonderful service here. I will definitely go back next time we are in town.
2 I normally go to the Claim Jumper in Green Valley but decided on this location for Memorial Day weekend.   Worst service ever. Server got the order wrong, twice. Waited quite a while for our drinks. Totally aware that the place was busy due to the holiday but once our food came, we never saw him again. The food was mediocre at best. I won't be back.
3 Decent food but price jacked up for no reason, service was spotty. $15 for breakfast with small portions. Your better off finding a regular location
