5 On-the-go fresh pressed juice with the friendliest staff at the Biltmore fashion park! Perfection!
3 I came here for the first time a couple of nights ago after seeing this place on Yelp and I love trying new things. I can first of all say it is very hard to find. I had to drive around Biltmore just to see the small sign underneath a larger sign and finally found it. It is pretty small inside but is connected to something else. The prices are a little high but I wasn't really surprised because it is a juicing place. I decided to get the Swimmer Acai bowl. I'm giving this place only 3/5 stars for 3 reasons. The service was VERY slow. I had to wait a good 10 minutes just for the girl to make my acai bowl which turned out to be really small for how much I paid for it. Two, I asked the girl if there was anywhere else to sit besides outside and she said she didn't know.. Um okay you would think if you work here you would at least know where other seating is. And third because by the time my food was done and I sat outside my acai bowl already had melted! Are you kidding me?! I have gotten acai bowls from other places and have driven home 35 minutes and they did not melt at all. In a matter of 5 minutes it melted to literal soup. If i'm paying $6 for a acai bowl I expect it to not melt right away. I tried it once but I will not be coming back here.
1 I've been here twice. The first time it was amazing, the second time I bought a bottle that was supposed to be good until tomorrow. Drank it this morning and have been extremely sick all day. Although it seems like a great place I would be weary to try it again.
5 Took my kids here today we tried a few of the parfaits we tried the runner And 2 other ones strawberry coconut I had the digest drink and was very good the kids loved it very clean place. I told the kids the parfaits were ice cream they didn't know the difference. We will be back.
2 My least favorite juice place of all the ones I visit every week.  I might have had a similar experience as Megan A.  My beet juice was supposed to be good until 3-13.  I bought it the night of 3-12, I was not thrilled to get something that was about to expire, but I wanted to taste a few.  I bought 3 different flavors.  I didn't care for any of them.  The flavors are not that great.  It is also as pricey as my 100% organic juices and these are not 100% organic.   I only stopped by because they were still open and I wanted to juice the following day.  I don't think I will be coming back, when I have other options that are fully organic and have better flavor.
4 Juices, smoothies, and acai bowls can be enjoyed here, the most nutritious and healthy way to get the day started.  Four different featured made to order juices such as "digest, cleanse, energize, and detoxify ( of which I love the "cleanse", made with apple, kale, mint, pineapple, and spinach) are available at 16oz for $6.5, 24oz for $8.5.   Cold pressed 16oz juices are bottled and ready to go at $9.5 and cover all bodily needs from recovery to strengthening to flushing out impurities (think cayenne, lemon, turmeric)  Acai bowls are also available here for $5.5 for small and large for $7.5.  The "cyclist" is my go-to as it is the sweetest with dates, peanut butter, almond granola, cacao and banana.  Having frequented whole foods and various other juicing locations, I do love this one for the more sweeter combinations, and the expediency with which my order arrives in my waiting hands. I love their variety of cold pressed juices targeted towards specific nutritional needs and actually love coming her for breakfast :)
5 We had the climber smoothie and it was awesome! Great tasting and very healthy. The service was very prompt and courteous.  I have been here before and always enjoyed the drinks and service. Prices are not bad and really with it being so healthy why not go for it??
4 I was pretty excited to find this place at the Biltmore. I find myself stopping in regularly for both fresh pressed juices as well as their bottled items.  I've been there when the owner is around and he is so enthusiastic and passionate about his business that it makes it a pleasure to support. The only prevention from 5 stars is that the rest of the staff  (outside the owner) are hit or miss. Sometimes they're really friendly and welcoming giving lots of information and suggestions as well as offering samples.  Other days they barely acknowledge customers.
4 I always like to find a juice place as soon as I get somewhere new.  There isn't a huge selection of juices here but the thing that really sold me on these guys is how good their acai bowls are. Everything is just SUPER fresh and tasty, it actually feels good going down and you can change up the toppings too!   I haven't tried the cold pressed juices here yet but the fresh juices are great too!
3 I didn't think I would ever go to one of these juice places because they are SO expensive, but my curiosity got the better of me. Everything here was very good and the owner was accommodating, but it had a sterile feel to it and he said they would be opening ten (10!)  more locations in the next year...that seemed a little creepy, taking over the world -y, to me. We had the fresh made juice (cleanse) that had kale, pineapple, and spinach in it...probably other things too, and it was very tasty. Despite this, it wasn't worth the ridiculous price tag of 7$. I make smoothies every morning and they are better tasting and keep all of the fruit/veg in what I drink. Anyway, we did get to try a few of their bottled juices and they were all good.... I just can't see myself buying them for the prices they sell them for. I liked the almond protein drink and the watermelon juice was good too, but I could also just eat almonds and watermelon..... I'm not totally sold, but if you are into that kind of thing and have lots of money to burn, give this place a try!
5 Staff was super friendly and quick to give out samples which is awesome cause sometimes you don't know what you'll get with juice bars. My friend tried the acai bowl "the hiker" and really enjoyed it for the moderate price. Wish this place was closer to my house !
5 I had no idea what to expect or buy.  But one of their executives John Adams happened to be there, and walked me though all the choices.  Excellent people with great products.  Thanks
5 This juice is tasty and among other juice places I've been to its the best! It's a great and healthy meal replacement for me - I go often! Juice away!
1 I work pretty close and was looking for something refreshing so I stopped in. I was very confused by the menu, and nobody offered me any help, so I decided to just get a juice from the fridge. The juice was okay, I got the watermelon, but definitely not worth the $10 I paid for it! Plus the service was not good at all, not even a smile. I won't be going back.
5 Loved it!! The environment is pretty inviting with all of its bright colored juices and all white facility, one of the employees greeted me right away. The gave me so much information and helped me quite a bit. I am definitely going to be a frequent shopper!
4 Absolutely delicious....great blends of the essential nutrients.  Staff was great, friendly and ready to help.   Great place when you are traveling or out on the road for work and can't prepare your meals.   I will definitely be incorporating them in my one day a month cleanse day!
5 I was so excited to try this place! Acai bowls was what I was looking for originally. They made me the Swimmer bowl...which was so healthy and delicious! But then I saw the cold pressed juices and I got to learn about the process into the makings of the juices. I was recommended one of their popular juice - Boost! Really refreshing! The place was clean and the staff were really friendly and pleasant! :)
4 I love this place.  It's the closest place near me that does the fresh, cold-pressed juice.  My go to is the Detoxify.  It's pricey, but cold pressed juice in general is pricey.  So it's not any more expensive than any other place you would go to.  The store is always clean and service is fast.  I have only gone middle of the day, so never experienced issues with parking.  I can see how on weekends, it may be a hassle.   Dying to try one of their cleanses!
5 Just to be clear, I am a little biased. However, this juice is amazing and will brighten your day. The only healthy option at Fashion Square Mall. Open early to serve mall employees. Service with a smile!
