4 Like it a lot!  Probably quite a grown up bar. We headed here later on - closer to 11ish on a Friday night (V-night) and it was pretty quiet. It used to be the old Standard Bar - black frontage and from the outside appeared small but the bar is actually quite tardis like inside. Mix of chairs and tables, high stools and some booth areas which I'm sure would appeal to groups or those on date night alike.   The gin is the main draw here. They have a list of the common gins they do on a blackboard and with which mixer they should be served - Fentimans or Fever Tree. I had a Caorunn and a Botanist, both of which were very easy to drink. It won't be the cheapest round of drinks - two G&T's were about £10 but very enjoyable. Other gins can be seen on the shelves - Caz opted for a Boodles and they also do Blackwoods gin too which is lovely. We missed on on trying the saffron gin as it had been their launch night the previous night and they were out of that.  Nice surroundings - wooden floors, tables and chairs with blue/grey walls. Not overly bright inside but good enough for a late night supping gin. They also do food - didn't see any menus as they'd probably been moved from the tables. There was a bit of an older crowd in last night when we were in which was good to avoid it being too 'hipsterish' and the 80's soundtrack was fab. I'll return to further explore the gin menu and try the food!
4 It's really nice here - comfortable booths and seats, and lots of space. It feels kind of diner-ish, but with a hint of cocktail bar vibe too. Their gin and tonic menu is wonderful - following our tutorial at One Square I now know how important the right tonic is and they explain on the blackboard which tonic will be served with which gin (including the Caorunn and Fentiman's pairing offered at One Square). Much better than just dumping a Schweppes into everything!  I had the haddock and chips, which was really quite delicious. Sure, I said in my last fish supper review that I was ruined for fish'n'chips forever, but I think the indoor dining experience is somewhat different, and these weren't chippy chips; rather, they were skin-on wedges. It wasn't as plentiful as I might have hoped, though, given the price of £11 (when is haddock and chips ever the second priciest thing on the menu?) - there were probably about twelve wedgey-chips although there were two strips of haddock fillet, which were tender and falling apart beautifully, and the batter was wonderful. The buttered peas, oddly, were the highlight - very sweet and flavoury (I told you, it's totally a word).  Our waitress seemed a little brusque in her manner, but was very efficient and helpful nonetheless, and I really appreciated that the music wasn't banging at a massive volume. What I did hear was a good playlist too - Joni Mitchell, Paul Simon, Radiohead - applause for that.
2 i like to think of myself as a fairly easy going person that is accepting when things don't go exactly to plan.  however, my last visit to Mother's was a serious test of my patience.  previously i've been a fan of Mother's.  it's a good space that the Yelp book group has found handy for our monthly meetings.  food is good and drinks are reasonably priced, these two points still stand.  however, the real downfall of Mother's is its service.  during our May book group we reserved a table since many of us were planning on eating prior to our cocktail quest.  i arrived just the back of 6pm and proceeded to wait with the others for over 20 minutes to place our orders.  most of us sat for half an hour without a drink and a further half an hour was added to this for two poorly made martinis to arrive, which were apparently warm and one had a rotten olive included.  it was well after 7pm before anyone received starters and as i had only ordered a main i had a further wait to see any sort of food in front of me.  the most insulting part of the evening was that when mains did arrive, one of the orders was wrong.  after waiting over an hour and half for food it was fair to say we were all fairly annoyed, especially so that the waitress argued that she had taken the order right when we had all clearly heard our fellow book grouper order a beef burger not the beef kabobs that she brought.  i do have to say that the food we had was good, i found my chicken, mango, and avocado salad tasty.  but not tasty enough to wait over an hour and a half for, although at that point i was hungry enough that anything would taste amazing!!  there was no apology issued over the order mix up or the extensive time that we had to wait (mind the bar wasn't even busy!!) so once we got our food we paid our bill and swiftly left.  i'm rather disappointed as it's unlikely i'll return to Mother's due to the incredibly poor service as this did appear to be such a promising new bar.
3 I haven't had a drink in this place yet, and as it markets itself as a gin bar I'm sure that is it's niche. They had some pretty tasty sounding cocktails, but on this occasion I was in solely for the food!  The decor of the place is cozy - hip without being unattainable,and just dark enough to not be dingy. Full points for creating a great bar atmosphere and having super friendly staff to boot. The menu sounded enticing, and I grabbed a mango roast chicken salad with sweet beetroot dressing without a thought. Though beautifully presented, the food was slightly underwhelming; nothing WRONG with it, but nothing to have me rushing back. The 'dressing' was more of a sticky sweet syrup which added little. My mother had the skewers with tzatziki, and was dissappointed to find minced beef instead of steak. Whilst all was fine, just all a bit.... Meh. Maybe just a drink next time!
