5 Great place to drop in with friends for wine and conversation. Complimentary cheese and veggies. Beautiful decor with ample bar and conversation seating.
5 Best place to sit and have an amazing glass of wine! Great decor and environment. People working were friendly, knowledgable and had fun conversation. Definitely a place to check out!
4 I'm a fan. Great concept, cool decor. I'd be there often if I was living in the area.
5 Very cool & hip wine bar with wonderful wines & great service. Great music & decor. I would like to see more varieties & choices in wine & beer but this is a must try wine bar.  Fabulous addition to the neighborhood.
3 Central Wine Bar is cute and inviting inside. There is a small area of wines by the bottle to purchase, and a corking fee to enjoy one of those in the bar. There is a small menu of wines by the glass (maybe 6 to 8 of each red and white), a couple of beers, and a cheese/meat/fruit plate. Wines range from $7 to $11 per glass. A few of each the red and white were on tap and could be tasted before ordering. The cheese plate is $15.   I tried two reds, both on tap: a Syrah and a Pinot Noir. One was $8 and the other $9. Both were fine. They provide free bar snacks which included popcorn and almonds.   Overall I liked the atmosphere and the wine was fine. However, without any happy hour specials on price per glass, I'm not sure I would go back at that time of day when other nearby places are offering equally good, if not better, wine with a greater selection at better prices ($5 glasses before 5 at Postino about 2 miles up Central).  There are specials- wine tastings. I'm just not sure Central Wine Bar can compete without a happy hour special to bring people through the door.
5 Really a fun place to be. The wine bar has a great atmosphere, fab decor, and delicious wine to boot. This neighborhood needed a chill place like this to hang out for a nice glass of wine, and I'm glad they opened up. I'll definitely be back.
5 Great spot to relax and have a glass (or bottle) after work. Able to enjoy the cozy atmosphere, which is rare in central Phoenix. And the wines are fantastic. I'm a fan!
5 My girl friend and I walked over after having a bite to eat at clever koi and figured we'd just check it out real quick, grab a glass of wine. ... a glass of wine turned into a bottle for only $14.00 and we sat there laughing and chit chatting with almost all the girls in the room. Very chic and the ladies behind the bar are cute and spunky. I can definitely say I love love love this little place.
5 Do you think wine bars are sometimes stuffy and the staff a bit pretentious? Not the case at Central Wine. This charming and inviting wine bar in uptown Phoenix appeals to both the wine enthusiast and novice. No longer will you need to snap a picture of that bottle of wine you just fell in love with knowing you'll forget the name by morning. Now you can take it home with you! Well done Central Wine! Cheers!
4 My dad and I stopped by here on a whim a few weeks ago and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is nice, super unpretentious and very chill vibe. Cozy couches and intimate. The employees were playing DJ and the music ranged from some great classic rock to early 90's hiphop. I think it would be a nice place for a date, as you could actually hear each other and get close. Both employees working were very helpful, had a sense of humor, and seemed happy to be there even though the place was somewhat empty.   We were in on a Thursday, got in at about 6/630 and stayed until almost 9. They were in no rush to get us out the door either. While they do offer flights on Thursdays (4 tastings for $18), we opted to choose our own bottle from their huge selection. For a $5 corking fee, you can pick any of their wines to purchase and enjoy there. Our waitress helped us select a very good Italian blend that didn't break the bank and was just what we were looking for.   As for food, well, don't expect much. There is only one option to purchase, a meat and cheese plate (which was quite tasty), and then a small bar snack which they bring out (ours happened to be popcorn). That's it. You come here for wine and conversation, not a meal. It's a place that you could start or end a night, or hell, do as we did and just make the wine your meal.   We really enjoyed our time here and hope that this places makes it. The staff were great, wine selection seemed really well rounded (in terms of both selection and price range), and just the overall vibe is something that is missing in Phoenix. I look forward to returning and trying out a few other bottles.
5 Try the Round Pond SB . . from Napa - 2012! Top it off with a French Grocery Meat & Cheese Board. Heaven! Thank You Local First for Introducing me to this wonderful new upscale hangout right on north Central. This neighborhood is up and coming. Don't overlook it! Recommendations to owners: Get some real forks for the Board! Plastic (even silver) doesn't go with French Country!
3 Hate to rain on everybody's parade, but I was not impressed.  The place is cute, but I am not going to go out of my way to come here.  The selection of wines is pretty small for a wine bar.  I had the J Vineyards Brut Rose ($12).  I mentioned to the server/only employee of the place that I was at J Vineyards last year with a friend and tried their wines.  I was debating which one of the sparkling wines to order and I didn't get any response.  I am not sure if she was knowledgeable of the wines.  I also wanted to order the only item available, but I was ignored until she needed my menu to hand it to a guy at the other end of the bar.  I had the meat and cheese plate ($15).  It was ok, nothing to really write home about.  I have other choices closer to my house.  I might come back if friends set up a get together there, but I certainly won't go on my own.
5 Great service and ambiance. Perfect place for a date or girls night. The server and owner were both very welcoming, friendly, and knowledgable. Definitely will be back to enjoy more of their recommendations.
5 Super cute place on Central Avenue to pop in and enjoy a nice glass of wine.  The atmosphere and decor are perfect, the bartender was friendly and helpful and the rose champagne was just what I needed.  This place could become a habit!
