5 Rebel pizza is a must kick it up a notch with bacon! The Victor and hamslaw sandwich are a must have. The bread is on point nice and warm with just the right amount of crunch! Both pack a mouth full of flavor multiple layers of flavors. You won't see all the original menu items from the original shop on on Desert inn & Arville. But a great way to shake up the menu. This location is family friendly kids are able to come in this location. Great chicken wings and fingers. For a new twist try the Italian wings or fingers. They also serve local beer a great way to support local companies
5 I love pizza! I'm also kind of a pizza snob. No chain pizza for me. I like the hole in wall family owned places, because those are the best!  We went on a Thursday night. It is located right behind the strip near the hard rock.  Naked city's location is hard to find and kind of looks like office buildings but once you find it, it's not hard to miss.  We walked in and the staff seemed very friendly. The manager ( from the Arville location) was our server. She was friendly, and very helpful ordering.  We ordered a Wee sized Cheese pizza with Basil. It was amazing Super fresh, you can tell everything is made to order. We also order poutine fries, these were yummy as well. The fries were hand cut, not the frozen freezer kind.  I definitely suggest this place. Will definitely visit again!!
4 Place was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of their style of pizza but I was a fan of the garlic buns and garlic fries. Both extremely delicious. The ranch was also top notch!
4 Went here on a spur of the moment decision and I'm glad I did. I should say first that I'm a thin, hand tossed pizza crust kind of guy. This was a little thicker than that and not something I would typically have ordered, but they make it work, mostly because of the quality ingredients, from the tangy sauce to the cheese to the toppings. Few things:  The half sheet is a huge square cut monster that'll feed a large family The wings are awesome, enough by themselves to bring me back.   I will definitely come back to try their sandwiches, especially the East coast standard beef on weck
5 Food is good. Portions are big. Service is great. What more can I ask for? I'll definitely be back! Oh and not exactly a deal breaker but they only have green olives! I've never heard of a pizza place that doesn't have black olives! Also love that they serve beer from the Ellis Island brewery!
4 Came for lunch early on Sunday morning and it didn't even look like it was open.  Had to check the door to even see because no other customers were around yet.  Glad we made sure though! We walked in and we we're warmly greeted right away.  We had are choice of anywhere we wanted to sit so we took a table in the middle of the room.  The only reason I'm giving them a 4 is because the tables were kinda uncomfortable other wise it's 5 all the way. We were with another couple and we both wanted different pizza toppings so they got a 1/4 sheet of the Rebel which had pepperoni, sausage, ham, salami, tomato and fresh basil while we had a 1/4 sheet of the chitown which was chunks of Italian beef, giardinare and roasted peppers, olive oil and oregano. We also got an order of wings with the Sicilian hot sauce on half and the put bbq on the other half.  We started it all off with the garlic cheese rolls. Think cinnamon roll only pimped out pizza style.  These were awesome and I'd recommend them to anybody.  The pizza is more of a neoploitan style with a thicker crust and made and served on a cookie sheet and cut in big squares.  They had a nice amount of toppings and cheese along with a tasty sauce and an excellent crust. The wings were cooked to perfection and served with a fair amount of celery and carrot sticks all with a really good quality blue cheese and/or Ranch dressing. Both styles were great but I thought the BBQ was outstanding. We quickly realized we could have easily gotten away with ordering 1 pizza and 1/2 the wings and had more then enough food. Our server was super cute and friendly and gave us great service so it made our visit even better.  All and all this was a great lunch selection and we were very happy.  I'm a big fan of getting off the strip and eating locally where the prices are better and the people are real.
4 After wanting to try this place forever we finally decided to give it a go.. After seeing it on TV & reading all the yelp reviews I couldn't wait! After going to the other location and waiting 20 minutes with nobody greeting us we decided to get up & give the other location a try.. The food was awesome, we got pizza, buffalo dip and fries all of it was bomb! Our server was trying her hardest but they could definitely use another server.. Will probably come back to this location but I would probably order it to go next time.
5 We were on Spring Break and my daughter calls from New Mexico asking us to try a place called Naked City Pizza that she just saw on Food Network Channel. So we thought we give it a try and boy we were in for a surprise. We had Poutine which we never had before and all I have to say is it's was to die for. We also ordered a full sheet of half pepperoni and cheese pizza that also was some good a$$ pizza. We also tried the Guinea Pie that was off the hook. This was the best tasting pizza we had in Las Vegas. I had to order some to fly back to NM to have my family try. They all agreed it was some kick a$$ pizza hot or cold. I plan on visiting again and will recommend this pizza place to friends and family who plan on visiting the 702!! Guy Fierro wasn't joking!!!
5 Got invited here by one of my chef friends and man it was good. I ordered the sicilian wings which were nothing but delicious and the Chicago pizza which was ok but thats just cuz I'm not a fan of so much peppers. But i also tried the sausage pizza and it was heaven. You wont try pizza like this any where else let me tell you.
5 Best in Vegas !!!!! We order almost everyday and everybody is super cool there the pizza is super tasty !
5 The pizza was sooo delicious!! $3 pepperoni pizza slices and two cannoli for $4. Looking for a good eat while in Vegas found this gem. Service was fast we ordered slices of pizza and were pleasantly surprised that they were about the size of a personal pizza. I would recommend anyone to stop by. I will definitely be back. Try this place you won't regret it.
5 Naked city had a quiet opening, snuggled next to the hofbrauhaus across from the hard rock casino. This area has been joe's pizza territory for a while. Well move on over joe's!   Having been to naked city well over a handful of time since they opened, I've taken a break from joes and do not look to return. Food is the name of the game and naked city pizza plays it well. The menu features a range of items you'd expect from pizza places these days. Pizza, wings, pasta, burgers. How do you take something done a million times and still make it worth it to eat? You make it better, and that's simply what nc does. I can't speak for their plain or pepperoni pizza, which I'm sure is excellent. Naked city shines with its multiple specialty pizza, ranging from a great steak and cheese pizza with white garlic sauce, to meatball pizza and various other combinations. The pizza is freshly made in a timely manner and comes out with great flavors. No one part of a pizza there is better than the other, you'll find yourself enjoying every bite you take.   Away from the pizza norms, nc has an excellent choice for wing lovers. Try the hot sicilian if you want a spicy kick with some excellent flavors! And if you really want some heat, check out the blazing suicide fries! Among the menu is also the ma burger, a heaping size of a burger that skips no shortcuts in the delicious category. And if you need a getaway to a land sweet and savory, grab yourself a cannoli for dessert. You'll thank me later!  Naked city is still settling in, but has been nothing short of great. Check it out and I'm sure you'll enjoy!
2 Visited for the second time recently. It was early on a Friday evening. Party of 4. We had 2 meatball parm subs, a pizza, and something else. The food all came out cold. It was horrible. The sandwiches were cold, had very little sauce on them, a few pieces of meat. The food comes out sporadically. One sandwich came out, then the pizza and a little whle later the other sandwich. All food was cold and not good. Was really disappointed. It was not a busy time of night. It was before the rush and there were few other people in the place. It took forever and was bad food. Never again.
4 Pizza by the slice was very good. I got the Back Home and pepperoni slices. Staff was friendly, and the local Weiss beer hit the spot.  Atmosphere was quite, but I was here during an off peck time; however the music selection was nice.
4 Garlic Buns: they look like garlic, cheese cinnamon buns; the filling is wrapped in the dough, then rolled into spirals and served with marinara. I didn't care for the sauce; it still had that "aluminum" taste (or maybe it's just me) that most places are able to mask a little better.  Pepperoni pizza: we ordered the 1/4 sheet, the smallest pizza they serve, and it was still a little too much for the two of us. I really liked the toppings and the crust; the crust was chewy, buttery, and soft, the pepperoni were insanely good and got that little bit of crisp around the edges. I almost bought some pepperoni to take home, but it was something insane, like $10 for a pint. Yikes.  The only tiff I had about the service was that the garlic buns and the pizza arrived within a moment of one another. I hate not having any time to enjoy my appetizer before my entree comes. It takes away from the appetizer. Everything was good, but not great.   Pros: Cost effective.  Good pizza.   Cons:  The furniture was a bit wobbly?
4 They have just about all the ingredients to be a success. Menu is great, they promote local breweries and the staff is friendly. The location is a little questionable. I am rooting that they can overcome that problem. It is clear that they use top quality ingredients in their pizza. Cheese that is soft and gooey, tomato sauce that your grandmother would envy and sausage that is superior to any chain store. I would also recommend the Hamslaw sandwich. A good old fashioned hero that you wont find anywhere else. My only complaint was that the dishes do not come out together. The server brings them out one at a time and it is awkward to have entrees for half the party and wait for the rest. (I have seen this complaint on another review) That should be easily corrected.
4 i saw the joint on Triple D a few years ago and decided to try it the next time i was in Vegas.  This weekend i was in Vegas and looked up the details.  I happen to see some negative reviews about the place so i called and spoke to the chef.  Satisfied that it was not terminal, i went to Paradise store with a buddy and ordered the Suicide Fries (OMG hot), two specialty pizzas and the Ma Burger.  Fries were too spicy for me to eat but tasty. The two specialty pizzas (chitown and the one featured on DDD, they were very very good.  The MA burger was insane and recommend it.  Give the place a try and ignore the negative postings.
1 Omg!wish I could give negative stars! Literally everyone who was in that restaurant just now looked just as pissed as me.thE food took FOREVER!!! From what my family got I mean...it was decent. ..just cuz I was starving....but I ordered a burger...I wish I could have an opinion about it but I never got it!!! The girl completely forgot and just said ohh sorry I thought I forgot something. they did nothing to.fix it! The food was fine but I would never come back due to the lack of attentiveness, horrific service and not to mention when I asked about the menu she had no clue..I'm done
1 WARNING: If you're a tourist who saw this place on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" and you are thinking about coming here, please think again.  NOTE: If you're a local and want to check this place out, please do so at your own peril.  The reason I make this distinction is that I saw a cab pull up with some diners, and I can only surmise that they were wary tourists who saw this place on "Triple D" and thought they'd try it out. If that's you, please save your cab fare (or at least spend it on a GOOD "Triple D" place, like Four Kegs) and go somewhere else. There are PLENTY of great restaurants in this city, but this ain't one of them.  I've never given a one-star review, and I'm sad to give this one, but it sure is warranted. My husband and I arrived around 6:15 on a Saturday. There was only one other table of customers, and we had to be somewhere by 8, so we thought we were in good shape. The waitress came by and took our order, and I should have known we were in trouble when it took us 10 minutes to get our first beers. I watched the waitress pour our drafts, and she was having a hard time with it. How hard is it to pour a draft?! And she brought them out one at a time, telling us she was "still pouring" the other one. (?!)  Then, we waited an hour to get our order: a "wee" portion of poutine and a "wee" Naked City pizza. I love poutine, but I'm not sure how mozzarella cheese and rosemary figure into the mix. Gravy on fries, yes, but the rest was just weird. And our pizza was certainly nothing to write home about. My husband is a professional cook, and he swears they used pre-packaged dough and canned or frozen toppings (pepperoni, sausage, and green olives). My palate is not that discerning, but I know a Tony's pizza knockoff when I taste it. SO disappointing!  The wait was annoying, but it also didn't help that I had an Entertainment book coupon that I was going to use on the poutine, and it wasn't applied to the bill. (A whopping $4 savings, but still...) We didn't get our food until 7:30 and we had to scram to make our engagement, so I didn't stick around to quibble over the bill. I also didn't stick around to eat much of the food, because it wasn't much worth it anyway. One piece of "pizza" and I was done. Thank God we only ordered a small...  The place filled up in the 90 minutes we were there, and I can only feel sorry for the other diners in the place -- especially the tourists who I hope don't judge our town by this sorry dining experience. I'm writing this review 9 hours later, and I just hope they're still not there waiting for their food...
2 Good poutine, good service, cheap greasy doughy pizza, really skimpy with toppings - that about sums it up, but keep reading if you feel like it.   The poutine was pretty great and a steal for only $4 - fresh cut crispy fries with salty but good peppery gravy and generous amount of cheese. I could be wrong, but they seem to use mozzarella chunks, not cheese curds, which were also cold. The meal started out really well. Then came the pizzas...  We got small Guinea and Back Home Pies. Online pricing is wrong btw they were $13 each not $12, but even the wee size was pretty big. You can easily feed 2 with the wee because of how filling the super thick crust is. It was like an equally greasy, but not as crispy version of Pizza Hut pan pizza.   They're really generous with the cheese, but stingy as hell with the toppings. This 2nd location recently opened, but don't believe the older pics from the Arville location or their online menu pics, it's super misleading. What they show on one slice is about what you get on half the pizza. The Guinea pie had MAYBE half a meatball on the entire thing, but was loaded with ricotta, mozzarella and spinach. Really dumb because the meatball is cheaper than the cheeses. The moisture from all that spinach also made the crust really soggy. The Guinea sounded awesome, but wasn't. The garlic white sauce also was extremely bland.   Back Home was a little better - crust was super crispy in the beginning, but soggy after the first piece. Again, really generous with cheese, and short on sausage and pepperoni. It was better than the Guinea, but still not very good - soggy pretty quickly and literally dripping with grease.   Service was great even though there was only 1 person doing the counter, phone orders and playing waitress. She was sweet and attentive.   Also their tables are ridiculously small. Do not sit at a 2 top because the pizza pan takes up basically the entire table. They need to invest in the stands that most other pizza places have.   I would return for take out on poutine and to try their loaded fries, and maybe the sandwiches. But I am not at all a fan of their pizza. I'd recommend this place if you're with a group and looking for value, but keep in mind that you're only filling up on bread and grease. I'd rather pay more for a smaller, better quality pizza.
2 Had been looking forward to eating there. Was greeted by the woman at the counter, shown to a table, waited 15min then told the wait for pizza was 40. Server offered to call ahead to other location while we drove. There was no call. See other review for part 2. Poor planning on a busy evening.
5 If I could give a higher rating I would! AMAZING pizza! I got the 51 and it was so good! I can't wait to go back for more! It's close to UNLV so I will be going for lunch all the time. The prices are great as well, large portions for a great price. I highly recommend Naked City Pizza, you will be very pleased!
5 Great to find a pizza place that doesn't have the typical, bland, pizza flavor. We started with the house salad which amazingly had spinach. The dressing was ultimate. Never tasted a dressing like that before. Already looking forward to the next visit. The pizza had a unique flavor and the toppings were fresh and tasty. Beef and sweet peppers on a delicious crust. Service is fast and pleasurable. Definitely the best pizza in the area. Easy parking too.
