5 The best babysitting and nanny service in Las Vegas! Anahi, the owner,  is very caring, professional and experienced. She loves kids and kids love her even more. I would recommend Anahi to anyone looking for a reliable and caring sitter or a nanny who will exceed expectations of any family.
5 Anahi is a wonderful person and great babysitter.  She is reliable, professional, patient, and most of all my kids love her!
5 Anahi is an amazing nanny!  She is kind and caring and I never have to worry when she is at my house.  My one year old and two year old boys are all smiles when she comes over.  They have so much fun they don't want her to leave!  I would highly recommend Anahi to all my friends and family.
5 I have been lucky to have Anahi in our life since our oldest was 1 and now she is 6.  She's been with my other two children, 4 and 4 months since they were born.  She's amazing, thoughtful and caring.  My kids adore her and always cannot wait to see her.  I have also used one of her other sitters as well and I cannot say enough good things about her too.   Not only is she good with children, she is great with pets.  We have 2 dogs as well and she has pet sat for us at times when we are away. The service is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone!!!
4 My fiancé and I were excited and looking forward to a night out.  Only problem was  we didn't have anyone available to care for our 18m old son.  We almost considered canceling our plans until I came across "Love & Care Sitters"  After reading past reviews and getting positive feed back, I decided to call.  Like any mother I had my concerns but Anahi answered all my questions and assured me that everyone who worked for "Love & Care Sitters" were certified and licensed and that he would be in great hands. She told me that I had nothing to worry about, so I proceeded & booked my reservation.  I wasn't expecting the owner to show up but I was very pleased with Anahi and her services.  She was very nice, professional, prompt and props to her for having my son in bed before bedtime :))  Overall experience was great although it was a bit expensive for our pockets it explains why I've given it 4 stars instead of 5.
5 She did great! Came out to Vegas for vacation and she helped watch my daughter at the hotel. Very nice lady, thank you Anahi!
