5 Great pizza and Italian food from a great local family. The crust on the wood fired pizza was amazing. Really happy to have you in the hood!  Beer selection is really good too.
4 Been twice, very enjoyable. Great staff. Have tried pizza and the eggplant lasagna. The pizza was good but the lasagna was amazing.  I will be back!
5 Third time here and each time great..small plates, pizza, cannoli, service all superb
3 Pretty solid pizza, 4 Peaks Hop Knot IPA. Worthy of 4 or 5 stars on that effort alone. No complaints at all about the service, the restaurant is nice, great patio. But I can't overlook the "roasted beets", which are basically canned beets 2 ways (yellow and purple) with some arugula, goat cheese, and a balsamic reduction. Why go to all this effort and serve canned beets for nine dollars? I don't get it. Buy some beets at Safeway right across the shopping plaza (fresh not canned), and roast those beets. These even had the can imprint, as if the flavor of canned beets wasn't enough. I'll definitely go back to have some pizza and a few drinks, but if the beets are any indication I'm not sure this place will be around for long. Hopefully they just ran out of the real beets and were improvising instead of just 86ing it from the menu.
4 Okay so I see photo evidence the beets are roasted there. Maybe I just don't like beets? Upgrading to 4 stars and disregarding the roasted beets.
5 The best in the west! I am from NY and can tell you that this is authentic NY Italian food. You owe it to yourself to try it. The first time I went there was for their soft opening. It was day one and I can tell you that it has ambiance and a very friendly staff. The owner Mario personally greeted me and brought me a sample of his orincetti which otherwise are known as rice balls. I felt like I was back home it was out of this world! The pizza is so delicious.  He told me his stove was imported from Italy. This is a treat for AZ. Go for it. And don't forgetaboutit!; Manga and enjoy. I've been back twice since..u will too!
4 I am so happy that my family and I tried this cute, little place. The service alone was superb, I think we were greeted by just about everyone who was there that night! With the weather being so beautiful, we sat on the patio. It was clean and enjoyable, which is a big deal for me as I'm not a big fan of eating outside!   We started with some beers and garlic knots. The beers were good, but the knots were a bit overdone. Still OK, just not the best. But, that's fine, because it's the pizza that got me hooked!!  My husband ordered the meatball pizza, and I the Diavolo. There. Are. No. Words. That little devil was incredible! The spice, the flavor, the crust! I'm eating the leftovers now, and I'm still so happy. The meatball pizza was also very good! We left satisfied and will return again!
4 Had the opportunity to eat at il Capo Pizzeria and will say that I will be back.  It was Sat evening and they were fairly quiet...they are newer yet so hopefully as word spreads business will pickup. As I browsed the menu posted outside a few of the staff would stop and ask if I had any questions or needed any help, but not in that annoying obnoxious way some staff can be. They were very friendly.   I decided to eat on the patio which is dog friendly. This doesn't bother me but an FYI if that is something that bothers you before you decide to choose to sit outside.   Our server was very friendly and helpful. When we asked about the salads he suggested that we could probably split (between 2 of us) one rather than each of us getting our own. We got the Caesar with chicken add-on. The chicken was plentiful and the quantity of dressing was just right...the romaine was not drowning in it. We then split the Cacciare wood fired pizza. Our server explained how to oven was imported from Naples. Let me say, it was absolutely worth it. The pizza crust was exquisite and cooked perfectly with very flavorful toppings.  On the downside they were out of some of the SanTan brews...good to see people drinking local but disappointed none available during our visit.
2 Went to check this place out, as it sounded interesting...  Sat outside on the patio, not to many people there.   Someone came over and said they would be back.  20 minutes later it was the same woman.  She "forgot about us" she said...  The pizza was ok, the antipasto was not good at all.    The pizza came out first, it was cold, then meatballs and salad.    It is in the same spot as the Gelato Spot.    Bring back the Gelato!  There are several other places like this in the area.  They won't last in my opinion.
2 Ordered 2 pies to go - one wood fired and one build your own - the lady that took my order asked if I wanted fresh cracked pepper - my request never made it - $40 later - I will stick with my tried and always true pizza joints .....neither was a stand-out or reason to go back.
5 My entire family, including kids couldn't stop eating their pizza.  Mouth watering even thinking about it.  The wine and Caesar salad were good too.  Their service was really good too.  Thanks for serving us.
5 My new favorite Italian restaurant in the valley! The Pizza and Pasta were awesome, service was outstanding and the prices reasonable.. Their by the slice options are tasty demonstrations of the pizza art and the apple pizza was a great take on an old classic.. A full service bar and good wine selection top off a great dining experience!
5 LOVE this place!   The patio is dog friendly, which we enjoyed. You must keep your dog leashed up, no free roaming, excellent rule:) very relaxing atmosphere to enjoy the beautiful day and eat.  Inside is just as awesome. The bar is gorgeous! Not just all the drinks, but the beauty of the wood, Stools, and what the happy hour specials are displayed (very easy to read)  Excellent customer service!! Every time we have visited they make sure that you're enjoying everything from the table, food, drinks, it all.   They have an apple arugala salad that's delicious! That is my favorite! Try it! Yum!  This place is in a great spot and are off to a great start!  Awesome local business to support!
5 If you are looking for authentic Italian cuisine then this is the place to go!!!  When you walk in the door you can watch Master Chef Charlie behind the counter preparing pizzas to cook in his state of the art Italian oven.   First I started with a blueberry ginger infused prosecco wine cooler. Very refreshing on a warm spring day!  I tried the Caesar Salad, the arancini (fried stuffed risotto balls), the orecchiette with fennel sausage, roasted tomatoes, broccolini in garlic broth and the tiramisu. Everything was fresh and delicious!!!!    There are so many other dishes on the menu I can't wait to go back and try more!!!!
5 I've been there twice for a late lunch and had the Linguini & Clams both times. Really tasty! Everyone is friendly and I look forward to branching out and trying other items on the menu...maybe lasagna next time!
4 Tasty Italian food - great quality, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, friendly service.  What a great find!  A few more visits like that, and I'll bump it up to 5 stars!  We stopped in with friends on a quiet Monday night.  We had attentive service and full water glasses to go with our delicious food.    We ordered the Hippy Roll, which happened to have spinach and mozzarella that day, and came with a side of marinara for dipping.  Perfect crust, perfect melty ingredients - totally delicious.  We also got the Apple and Arugula Salad, which was light yet generous, and lovely - the slightly salty cheese was perfect with the light  sweetness of the honey shallot vinaigrette.    Our friends had the gluten free funghi pizza, and were kind enough to give us a taste - the crust was quite nice (not weird at all) and the mushrooms were aromatic and flavorful.  Their pear salad looked so good, with its yellow grape tomatoes, that I might have to try it next time.  We didn't come all that hungry, and regrettably had to pass on dessert, but we'll bring bigger appetites next time.  I understand the tiramisu is homemade!  Can't wait to come back!
5 So delicious! We went for Father's Day to treat my husband to dinner.   Service was great. Attentive and so friendly.   We wanted to try a bit of everything so we ordered to eat family style: Margherita Pizza, Chopped Salad, Rigatoni with sausage, mushroom and tomato cream sauce. Our son had a Sicilian slice and we all shared a salted caramel gelato. Everything was so tasty!   The price is on point and we really enjoyed the view of the kitchen. Cutting fresh meats, tossing the pizza dough and the wood fire oven. Great little place. So glad it is in our neighborhood, this will definitely be one of our "go to" spots.
5 We had such a great experience on Father's day that we decided to stop in again before the movies on Sunday.   We stopped in just after 5:00, it was happy hour so the wine was $3 off and beer and cocktails were also discounted.   We ordered a few slices and the chopped salad. The salad is so good, so many delicious flavors and dressed perfectly. They had 2 different white pies! Yum!   We had the same waiter as last time, I can't remember his name...really nice young guy who is hoping going into the Navy Officer program. Great service.   The owner stopped over to see how our meal was and we joked that il Capo might have to be our Sunday spot. He had mentioned the chef just brought out a fresh tiramisu for him to taste and he would love to have us try it after our meal. He brought us a complimentary tiramisu to share as a family and it was delicious. Not overly sweet, perfectly creamy and the coffee flavor was so good.   As we were leaving, we were happy to see the restaurant was filling up. They are only a few months old and I think they will do a great business.   (They have some pies, stromboli, garlic knots etc. ready by the kitchen and we noticed a few people come in to grab a few slices to-go. Something to keep in mind for lunch or a quick bite).
5 Awesome family owned Italian place! Service and food were excellent. Did not have to wait long for our food but yet so fresh with the homemade marinara sauce that is to die for. Great Happy Hour prices, and a good beer/wine/spirits selection. Will definitely be back. Nice to not be in a typical Scottsdale uptight fufu restaurant/bar.
5 Grabbing a belated birthday dinner for our son, and decided to give Il Capo a try. Had heard and read great things and we were not disappointed ... SO GOOD!  We had the Funghi and pepperoni pizzas, while our daughter had the spaghetti with meatballs. Everything fresh and made from scratch.   Our server, Jon K., was fabulous!  He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, prompt, and courteous. Be sure to ask for him!  Don't go anywhere else, this place is fantastic!  We will be back!  Plus, check-in on Yelp and get a discount on the yummy garlic knots!
5 OMG!  I found my new fav italian place!  This place is soooooo good!  Our group decided to come here after Pita Jungle was waaaay too busy.  I am so glad we gave this place a try!  I was a little hesitant at first since it was completely dead inside, the food was amazing, the service was good and the price was right.  What else do you want?  The eggplant parmesan is the best i have ever had, i have been trying to find an eggplant parm that is just as good as the homemade stuff I have had from a friends mom.  I finally found it!  Wahoo!  I got the eggplant parm hero which was SO GOOD.  The bread that came with the sandwich was awesome too!  I am going to start telling everyone i know about this place.    They haven't been open long so that is why it wasn't that busy.  GO NOW before this place gets cracking!
