4 Small portions but good fresh food. I enjoyed the chorizo breakfast burrito and the cinnamon roll. Both were very good and I would come back to order them again.   Was a bit shocked to see the counter where we ordered dirty and with hair on it :/  The service was good overall and it was quick and at a good price point.   Not a trendy Scottsdale breakfast joint. Which can be good or disappointing depending on who you are.
5 Sooooo happy!! My husband and I used to live right next door to their first location and when we moved, I missed going there so much! And then they did it! They opened a second location near my new place. I was so excited to go here for their first opening weekend. Sat on the patio with my dogs and had the amazing Chicago Brizza (breakfast pizza) which is one of my favorite things. I love the atmosphere of this place, and the food is always great! Prices are good. The weekend we were there, the food was kinda slow to come out, but it was opening weekend so I'm giving them a break. I'm sure it will get better. Honestly I am so glad to have my favorite breakfast place back.
4 What a fun, well designed concept.  I came in just before 10am on a weekday with my kids.  There was an impressive amount of people eating & we know why... This breakfast joint is solid. The veggie omelette was a good size for me, but may be a tad small for more aggressive eaters. The kids pancakes were super big... At 3.99 a great deal.   The food was a bit over saturated with butter from cooking, but I'm giving the kitchen staff a break with 4 stars as I know they will hit their rhythm soon and this place will be packed. With decent parking and a cool modern vibe I definitely recommend it.
1 Paid close to $9 for burned potatoes that were tasteless and dry. Said light cheese on spinach and mushroom eggs, came with no cheese. Seems like just another overpriced joint to me. Won't be going back.
2 This place seems HIGHLY overrated. I went there Sunday morning, it was pretty packed and there was a long line ahead of us when we arrived. Though i doubt it'll maintain that sort of traffic once everyone's tried it a first time and i don't see this place as having too many regulars once the hype of the grand opening blows over. Its also somewhat expensive $$$ (we paid $30 for 2 people) so if you're footing the bill for more than just yourself be prepared to pay a decent amount of money for not that much food, food which i didnt find to be all that great in the first place. I ordered a large coffee drink and failed to realize until after i had paid that it cost $6 just for that (pretty sure i pay less at Starbucks for a similar type of drink). Also we waited a good 20/25 minutes to get our food once we ordered. None of it was worth it.  Personally i wouldn't recommend this place, i definitely won't be going there again (shame too because its literally right across the street from where i love) its all hype and to pricey for me for a Sunday breakfast.
1 One of the biggest disappointments I have seen in awhile  - come on, how hard is it to make amazing breakfast?  I had the Egg Sandwich.  Un toasted white bread soaked in butter with process cheese?  I will give it one more chance.
5 I'm always in a rush, but I love a great breakfast, so this place is perfect in my mind... The food is very good and it's fast, plus it's all local, so it's super fresh! They are very attentive to your opinion, so when they come around and ask how something is, don't be afraid to tell them if you don't enjoy it.
1 We were a party of four and everyone of us were very disappointed. For a place that specializes in breakfast the food was terrible. With a name like "Scramble" we thought fantastic this place should have great breakfast. Wrong! The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer. Our omelette's  were runny, we requested our toast to be buttered and it wasn't and we didn't know it was going to be cafeteria style eating.  Oh well you don't know until you try right?  I think some changes made could make it a good place to eat but they just don't have a niche for food that will WOW you!
3 Food was fine but nothing special... Clean, sleek ambiance with a nice patio. The indoor seating area is all wide open so you're right next to the person at the next table with no barriers. Can be really loud when busy. Lots of vegan options if that's important to you...I prefer Wildflower which is right up the street.
2 New location for Scramble A Breakfast Join restaurant.  Loved the idea (never been to one), but the food was less than just OK.  Been to Breakfast Club, Over Easy and love those types of breakfast restaurants, Pancakes, French Toast, Waffle etc, but at Scramble, the eggs came out cold, french toast was average and the syrup, is corn syrup from a 5 gallon jug.  Worst syrup.  You would think they could use real maple.    I would have enjoyed the breakfast, but food was average and cold.    Service was great tho, very nice people there.  Expected more tho. wanted it to be awesome.
4 Cute new breakfast spot with a cool, modern atmosphere. Really nice patio - it wasn't very busy when I went for brunch (around noon on a Saturday), but I've heard it gets packed earlier in the day. It's an order-at-the-counter type of a place, when I went it wasn't a long wait and our food was brought out relatively quickly.   I had the Southwest Burrito - a breakfast burrito with chorizo, cheddar, avocado, egg and jalapeno cream cheese. I'm also an avocado nut and it definitely could have used more avocado - it had a very small amount. It was good, a little heavier than I'm used to with the cream cheese and the tortilla was very buttery. I'm glad I don't know the calorie count or I probably wouldn't have eaten for the rest of the day.    A lot of the menu items are served with hash browns - they were ok, nothing amazing, but not bad. Overall a good experience here - I live in the neighborhood so I'm sure I'll be back.
2 I really wanted to like this place. I mean it is super cute and we need another breakfast place in the area. That being said, the coffee is awful. Coffee is the most important item at any breakfast place and their's tastes dreadful. My second complaint was the food. Don't get me wrong - it wasn't disgusting or anything, but I can make better breakfast at home so why should I go there to pay their crazy high prices for breakfast? It just isn't worth the price.
5 Our new best breakfast place in Scottsdale.  From greeter to table servers, these are the nicest breakfast folk around!  The simple things are often the very best: I had the delicious French toast and wonderful big lean crispy bacon, with an iced espresso.  Dog friendly and great!
1 Just ate at Scramble and had a poor and terrible experience. If your looking for a better experience you are better off going to McDonalds. The food is a poor quality. For example, we ordered a Cinnamon Bun that came with a glob of icing-- poor presentation.  The employees said the orange juice is freshly squeezed however it  was not!! The eggs also tasted like rubber.  My recommendation is to avoid this restaurant!!
2 First of all, standing in a long line to order reading boards and then getting to the register and have people not remembering what they wanted, is not very functional or conducive to fast service. Maybe they should have a do it yourself check off menu. On a busy Saturday only having one register open is ridiculous. Maybe they want the line to be out the door to make it appear popular. I ordered the basic breakfast. Couldn't taste the rosemary in the hash browns. Eggs ok, but luke warm. Toast hard and unbuttered! Had to ask for butter. Not available at their self service station. Pancakes not hot. Butter wouldn't even melt on them. Artificial maple syrup. Prices high, service slow, noisy, food not hot and mediocre at best. Go to Butterfields or US Egg for sit down service and hot yummy food. Won't be back.
4 This place is good. I have only ordered to go, and I always get the sunrise sandwich, which is very good. Gracious service and neat concept. The patio is dog friendly.
1 Extremely dissatisfied. First, the wait at the door was ridiculously slow.  Not that there that many people in front of us, just that the person taking orders at the counter was very, very slow. Next, the prices were outrageous for what we ordered. We found a table and sat down. Once the food arrived, we found the portion size adequate, but the presentation was not good. Also, my omelette was prepared incorrectly, and had to be sent back. If you're looking for a good breakfast place with reasonable prices, a great waitstaff, and big portions, go to Randy's.
4 I really liked my mid-week visit here for breakfast.  It wasn't busy at all and the service was fast and friendly.  I had the meat lovers scramble with hash browns and toast.  It was all very good and the hash browns in particular were cooked perfectly.
2 The only thing "wrong" this place is that it is located in Scottsdale where there are other fantastic breakfast places. True, the ordering process was painfully slow. The food is average. There are better places to go....but if you're in this exact area, you won't leave hungry.
4 Great place to go for a quick breakfast.  It's set up like Pei Wei, so easy to order and find a seat.  Food was really good and came out fast!  I'd recommend to anyone.
4 Good banana smoothies. The place was packed and we were still served in about 15min. I was impressed. Everything was fresh and hot. Breakfast sandwiches are good. I look forward to trying the breakfast pizzas next time.
4 Good food, friendly staff, clean, modern atmosphere. Some may feel the price point is a tad high for some of the portions you get. However, the quality of the food is worth the price. A solid, quickly prepared breakfast! Will definitely go back and try some more of their menu.  I had one of the "breakfast pizzas," the Toluca brizza, very tasty! Great multigrain pancakes. Fresh OJ, good coffee.  It's a partial service sort of set up. You order at a counter, you get your own drinks, then they serve your food to you wherever you choose to sit.  Do you tip at a place like this?
4 Great place for breakfast! Food comes out fast and fresh, and there are several options. Smoothies are good, I recommend Banana-Peach. Also, the Sunrise Sandwich is delicious! Modern atmosphere, and I like that you can choose to sit inside or outside.
2 Average at best. Sarah H and I came after riding with big appetites and decided to split the vegan chorizo burrito, berry pancakes and a side of jalapeño cornbread. The burrito was great but everything else lacked. The sweet potato hash that came with the burrito was raw and crunchy. The pancakes were ok but tasted like they came out of a box at best. It was edible but not somewhere we will be back to.
3 Went back to Scramble for Mother's Day. Cameron kept his word and comped two breakfasts for me and my mom on Mother's Day. Food was much better this time. Service excellent.
2 I have to say the whole experience was just ok.  After waiting in line for 15 minutes while several (5) employees walked by me but didn't offer to open another register when there was only one couple ahead of me I sat and waited another 15 minutes for my breakfast.  I got a burrito which was fine, nothing special but nothing to complain about.  I thought it was a little pricey considering it is a small step above fast food. Don't go if you are in a hurry.  Lot is a little hard to get into but the restaurant is very bright and clean, too bad it wasn't a better experience.
3 UPDATE: I'm updating my review based on my last few visits. The service at scramble is definitely starting to slip.  The last few orders that I picked up, no one was there to check me out and I eventually had to just flag someone down, interrupt the other people trying to order so that I could pick up my to go order. I was not greeted, nor did anyone ask what I was standing there waiting for.   They now have online ordering which is great, but some kinks to work out.  I have yet to have that process go smoothly. The first time somehow part of what I ordered got  changed and they made something different.  The second time I had a typo in my billing address so my payment didn't  go through.  The online system requires you to put in a phone number so that they can contact you, yet when I arrived they told me that they do not get my phone number so they couldn't call me.  They pretty much blew me off during both of these errors and made no statement that they were going to attempt to improve the system, so that's a little bit troublesome.  The food is still great but service , not so much.
2 Second time was not a charm. The food remained just okay. Not bad, not good. Too many other good places to go for breakfast. And it's not cheap considering its counter service.
3 Finally a breakfast joint I can eat at! I usually hate going out for breakfast because I am the friend who cant eat anything on the menu. This place has an awesome vegan menu!   I had the vegan tofu scramble. Now I am a critic because I am an excellent vegan cook and I have mastered the tofu scramble. This dish definitely lacked some spices, I recommend turmeric and paprika. Get creative with some onion, garlic, and corn. Tofu scramble should always have a side of salsa.. vegans aren't boring, we like to eat with flavor.   Other than that tough criticism, my friend loved his breakfast burrito! He said we will be back forsure!  And I will be back to try out the rest of the vegan menu.
2 Loud! Loud! Loud!  Why?  Do people really enjoy having breakfast where the music is as loud as the club they were in last night? I like to visit with friends over breakfast and be able to have a conversation, hear one another without screaming.  I can't think of any good reason to have the music so loud, and it's even louder in the bathroom.
4 So I went back and tried it one more time at the request of the owner. No more hard potatoes. They changed it to hash browns. Pretty good.
2 The food was just okay NOTHING special.  There's so many other great breakfast places to eat in Arizona!  Don't waste your money here especially since you will pay the same amount as you would at a full service restaurant.  The idea of waiting in line to order food and having to get your own coffee is not appealing.  It makes the breakfast seem even more over priced than it already is!  DON'T GO HERE!!!
2 1st time here for breakfast.  Passed it many times and thought we would give it a try.  It has clean looking and contemporary feel to it and I think it probably works great for the childless free wheeling set but the only thing kid friendly about his place is the quality precision made German high chairs that are stacked up in the corner. I think they have a market that they are successful in and they really set the place up to work for that.  Just didn't work for kids, and I have a few so perhaps I'm asking this place to be something it is not.  As far as the food goes most everyone was satisfied but the food lacked character.  My 19 year old loved the Sunrise Sandwich but that was the only really positive comment on the food. The only bright spot for this experience was the service.  Everyone in the place seemed genuinely happy to be there. They answered all of our questions completely and confidently knew the menu and really made us feel welcome.  I really want to know who staffed the place so I can hire them to run hr at my company.
3 My fiance and I were really excited this place was opening.  It's always fun to have new restaurants to try in the area.  Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed this time.  I got the Steak & Eggs, and everything that came with it (steak, hashbrowns, eggs), had way too much seasoning on it.  It was good, but could've definitely been better.  Not worth $11.  In an area that has terrific breakfast spots like "Orange Table," "Morning Squeeze," and "Breakfast Club," Scramble will need to up its game in order to compete.
1 My first mistake I think was not sticking with the breakfast portion of the menu in a place that is known for breakfast.  But it was lunch time and the Cuban Panini sounded so good...but was SO disappointing! One of my fellow diners also ordered a panini - the roast beef...we both sent them back to the kitchen because the cheese wasn't even melted.  Then they came back over toasted and hard to eat.  The third person in our party stayed true to the breakfast side of the menu and mostly enjoyed her meal except for the burned toast.  Whomever is supervising the kitchen should get their act together and take a look at the dishes as they are going out to the guest! Who would send out burned toast and call that acceptable??? One of us had a side salad with the disastrous panini's and there was a the core stem from a head of lettuce mixed in! I showed it to our waiter, who took it and showed it to a "manager", but we got no response, we paid our bill and left very disappointed.  I have two words for management at Scramble:  QUALITY CONTROL!!   Breakfast is the easiest type of cooking there is, and doing it poorly suggests boredom in the kitchen and a true lack of supervision.  And turning out food like we were served yesterday is unacceptable.  I would be willing to give Scramble another try, for the benefit of the doubt.  Most of the other patrons around us seemed to enjoy their meals.  Everyone has a bad day now and then.  I'll stick to breakfast next time.
3 Just as yelp states 3 stars mean- this place is A-OK. Not too much to complain about other than the fact that it's nothing spectacular. I got the veggie omelette which I liked, hash browns were good. It was breakfast and it filled me up and it wasn't bad so that's A-OK by my book.   If you're looking for a quick easy meal which is not too expensive, this is definitely a good choice. Looking for a leisurely and amazingly delicious brunch, prob not the right place.   Every restaurant has a niche and they are filling convenient, healthy, friendly very well.
