5 These burgers!! These sides!! These people!!! ALL WONDERFUL!!!!  Flavorful, moist and fresh beef burgers served up casual by people who treat you like an old friend!  The potato salad is so wonderful and creamy... It could rival your great granny's famous recipe!  THE BAKED BEANS!!! Holy cow! They have a little bit of seasoned pulled pork spliced in with the tangy, sweet sauce and tender beans.  Many, many great beverage selections to accompany your meal, as well as great old fashioned candies to delight the kid in everyone. Right on the main drag of downtown chandler! Eager staff who know how to please their customers, paired along with adorable artwork and tasty eats makes this place a MUST!!
5 Have you ever witnessed something so brilliant that the only thing  you could do was stop and take a moment to appreciate the scope of its awesomeness?  This happened after my first bite of the burger here at Wimpy's Paradise. The flavor! The texture! The toppings on my burger!  It has been a LONG time (maybe forever) that i've experienced so much flavor from a burger patty. If you are a fan of burgers you MUST try this place!  I will be coming back. If you drop in, tell Randy (the awesome owner) that the nice one sent you!
4 If you are looking for extra seasoning in the burgers this is your place. I loved sitting out front on the sidewalk and what I think is the owner seems to be hands on and super friendly. My only wish is that they had fries but other than that it's a great place and I will be back.
5 Great burger nice mix of Angus and Chuck with excellent seasoning. ..slaw was good..I'll try the Potatoe salad next time. .even a can of vernors.  Nice murals on the walls..
2 We enjoyed the beans and cole slaw very much but no one in my family likes the taste in the burger.   It was very overpowering.  The beans were a bit pricey.  The place is cute but small.  The kids were unhappy that there weren't fries.  The menu was very limited and we probably won't return because of the strong taste in the meat.    We are eager, however, to try the hot dog place when it opens.
5 All the food is great, desserts are awesome, service is amazing, and the area is wonderful!!!
3 So I stopped by thus place since it's fairly new to downtown Chandler.  It takes a best theme off of the Wimpy Burger from the TV series Popeye.    They serve two burger sizes 1/3 and 1/2 pounders. No French Fries but they do have a side of potatoes salad that comes with the burger. They do sell chips and all their drinks are cans or bottles.   I ordered the 1/3 pound burger with cheese, the side of potato salad that comes with it and a bottle of water. All total was $9,40.  The burger was OK, nothing special as was the potato salad. For a buck more I could have a 1/2 pound burger with fries and iced tea at my local pub which serves up a mean burger.   Nice try!
3 While one of the most friendly places I've ever been to  the comments seem to blow this place out of the water and frankly I just don't see or should I say Taste it. Burger was not juicy...not seasoned with any thing that I could taste. Potato salad tasted like it was from Fry's deli...not that that's a bad thing...just not home made. Soda selection seems to be the highlight of the meals. It looks like they went to the Soda Pop Shop in Scottsdale To Stock Up On Some Creative Fare.  Oh and their candy store collection is great. ..straight from Sweeties. Neat selection!  But the Burger was huge and Boring. Same with my husband's Naked chilli cheese dog and a lot more to do.  Overall I am not sure if we we try them again Service is perfect.  Decor is perfect for the style.  But food is unremarkable. Not bad at all just average.
5 Crowd pleaser!  Brought the whole family--Grandparents, cool Aunt, little ones--and there was something for everyone!  The burgers, dogs, & ice cream were all delicious!  The owner might be the nicest guy on the planet.
5 Stop by for one of their famous Pittsburgh dogs. It was unbelievable. You have to make this a regular stop!
5 A second location owned by randy! Customer service and good food will always always Always get 5 stars from me. If I can feel completely welcome and at ease and enjoy the food at a establishment it is easy for me to give 5 stars. It is so hard to come by amazing customer service this day and age with so many negative waiters/waitresses/bartenders that I've seen in my lifetime.  I am so fortunate to have yet another place where I can go to and feel like everything will go just fine customer service wise and enjoy my food all in one trip. Randy will always greet you or his family helping out as you come through the door with open arms. If I can give more than 5 stars for that feeling I endure id give so much more.   On to the food we go!  I ordered just  something simple a classic burger with bacon, cheese, and of course the lettuce and tomatoes(hold the onions!!) and don't forget the side of cole slaw! My boyfriend on the other hand went the opposite route slightly and got a chili burger can't remember the name :( but good god was it delicious. I found myself after maybe 75% through with my burger to be slowing down to consume more but at the same time I couldn't help but to cut the remaining of my burger in smaller bite-size pieces and dip them into my boyfriends chili and consume burger and his chili combined. What a glorious glorious match. If you know Randy's chili like I do and his new burgers it's a match made in heaven!  Also let me just say as UN-American as I happen to be(growing up mostly with Filipinos) there happens to be plenty of American things I do not enjoy like cold sandwiches, potato salad, baked beans, etc etc etc. With that said, Randy's daughter introduced a sample of his baked beans that the spiced up to me regardless of my lack of interest in  baked beans in which I'm so happy she did. Now if I could get that sample size every time that would be perfect with my burger and chili I can definitely do since their baked beans are the only kind I can stomach and enjoy. I just can't do as much as most other people.   With the glass soda products coming to this establishment as well makes this even more exciting since I love the glass bottle taste compared to the plastic bottles and aluminum cans.   Oh randy you have done it again!  Cannot wait to see the new Pittsburgh Willys  when it opens up!
2 I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a properly seasoned hamburger today.  My family has been to Pittsburgh Willy's and we enjoyed it.  I can't say the same for Wimpy's.  My friend and I both ordered the burger.  The burger was missing the unctuousness of a great burger, and was more like a drier, backyard burger.  Worse was that the seasoning was off.  A great burger only needs salt and pepper, this burger has had something else - like celery salt, maybe? - that was off putting.  A good dose of ketchup helped but wasn't good.    If this place wants to do burgers it need to get down the seasoning and add fries and onion rings.  Why bottled iced tea?  I would bet a bottle of tea costs them more than a gallon of fresh brewed.   I may come back with the kids for a dog, but I won't be hurrying back for a burger.
3 Ok, so had to try this place,  Well for starters, if you are looking for a well seasoned flavorful burger, you will like this.  It is tasty.  If you are a purist and only want to know "where's the beef?" there are better places.  The service is great and the people are very friendly. The sides, meh.  Had the potato salad that was obviously prefab from somewhere else.  Canned sodas, loved the variety, especially diet.  Tea and water should be plenty and refillable.  Candy selection, subset of sweeties just down the road, but cute.  So, for the price, and the theme, I would expect scratch made sides, they are not expensive to produce and would enhance the status of the burger.  A word for the owners,  I would consult a lawyer about trademark infringement.  King Features and Dos Equis might not be pleased with the compromise of their trademarks without credit.  Brings to mind mega Disney suing day care centers for their Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck murals.
