5 Great place!!! Lindsey is such a sweet gal,  so knowledgeable and eager to please the customer.  She did exactly as I requested,  and darn near painless due to the type of wax used. Her studio is so peaceful, decorated in the most claiming blue and silver paint, gorgeous shear drapes,  and pictures of her professional photo shoots hung in a tasteful display.  Did I mention price... OMGosh,  so reasonable!!! I was blown away by her pricing, especially when you consider her location, her studio, and her knowledge!!! I highly recommend!!!
5 Great place to go routinely. The prices are great and she makes you feel very comfortable with pleasant conversation... can't get better than a $46 Brazilian! She used to work at European wax center so she still uses hard wax-- which if you've never tried it, is amazing (pain free, no sticky residue, less ingrowns etc)! I am so happy to have found her! Go check her out!!
5 I found Lindsay on a Groupon and still continue to go to her after the special was over. Her prices are great and she's flexible with her schedule and tries to accommodate your schedule. Her area is clean and relaxing.  She makes the somewhat embarrassing "bare all" very relaxing. You'll be happy you went!
5 I too started going to Lindsey because of her close proximity to my house and a Groupon I found.  I continue to go to her because she makes you feel very comfortable while in an uncomfortable position.  She uses hard wax which is a whole new world compared to other waxing experiences I've had.  Can't beat her prices either. I STRONGLY urge anyone who has never tried a wax or is over the pain from other waxings to check her out!!! She's awesome and has a flexible schedule. Promise you will be pleased with the experience and result!!!
5 Lindsey is wonderful! I go to her for my Brazilian wax. She does a great job, makes you feel super comfortable and is fast! Thanks Lindsey :)
5 I found Lindsey through Groupon.  She is very sweet and friendly. Always makes you feel comfortable. I strongly recommend her for your waxing needs.
5 Best wax experience ever. I felt completely comfortable and enjoyed her pleasant conversation. Her prices are extremely reasonable and even without my groupon I plan on going back. She uses a hard wax which I wasn't sure about at first but it is less painful (yes that's true!) than the traditional strips and wax.
5 Best wax in town... Lindsey is very sweet and makes you feel comfortable.  Highly recommend!  :)
5 I started going to Lindsey when I moved to Phoenix only a week before my Scottsdale wedding. I had found her groupon which was a great deal! She fit me right in before my wedding to wax legs, underarms, upper lip and of course Brazilian. I had never done my legs, underarms or upper lip before but she walked me through it and was so friendly! I LOVE that she uses her hard wax, it hurts WAY less than usual wax and strips and I love her prices! I am getting less ingrown hairs and my waxes are lasting longer-I went 5 weeks without shaving my legs and it was only $30! She's convinced me to continue waxing my legs and underarms and to continue going to her for the services!!
