5 For once the city of mesa planners got it right.  Mesa now has a place that can entertain everyone from children to seniors.  Riverview park is next to the new Cubs stadium and is a well designed use of space.  The children's park has all the latest equipment to entertain and provide exercise for children.   For a city with triple digit temperatures and bus stops with nothing but a pole to shield from the heat I was surprised to see the park has tent structures covering parts of the equipment.  Also a nice area with water spouts to keep us all cool during the summer.  There is a nice lake in the park for lounging, picnicking,  or fishing.  For those who enjoy bike riding the area provides for bike paths for exercise or leisure riding.    Mesa Riverview mall is across the street from the park and has plenty of places to eat and shop.  As a citizen of Mesa I can honestly say that I am proud of how this project turned out.  Perhaps the residents of Mesa can now stop giving our tax dollars to Tempe or San Tan and help keep our city well funded for years to come.  Congratulations Mayor Scott Smith!
5 I live a short walk from this park and I had been waiting with anticipation for it to open up this year. I went to the Double Play event a few weeks ago and have since visited a few times to go walking in the evenings. The park is gorgeous. Whenever I am there or drive past, I see families, runners, folks fishing, just a ton of different types of people taking advantage of what the park has to offer. I think it was a great use of the space and the only thing I wish they had added was a recreational area for softball/volleyball/basketball courts. Hopefully this, along with Cubs Stadium, will bring some much needed business to Mesa Riverview.
4 This is a fantastic park. The only downside is the lack of shade. While there is shaded areas, and it's great. I could see this park being empty in August. The playground equipment that is in the sun will be too hot to touch.   The splash pad, however is AMAZING! I can't wait to take my kids to it. Once the sun goes down of course, because there isn't enough shade close to the splash pad itself, meaning I would have to stand in the sun in order to keep a good eye on my kids.
5 I live so close to the park that I could get there in "two shakes of a lamb's tail."  But it wasn't until yesterday that I finally had a chance to explore it.  Once I got out the car with my little ones (two Chis), and took in the full "river view" of the place, I got so excited.  The park is vast, clean, and more importantly it's fun to be there.  The playground makes me wish that I was a kid again.  I've never seen such grandiose play things! I'm making plans to go for walks there regularly with the Chis.  Wish there was an off-leash area for them as well as more shade.  I heard that they have plans to continue build towards the back area.  There's supposed plans for a hotel (Hyatt, I think) and restaurants.  Glad my casa is in Mesa now!
2 I give this park one star for the concept, another star for everything they have going on at the park such as the splash pad. They lose 3 stars for the following reasons:  1. Parking = not enough, poorly planned, organized, and executed. But I should have expected this coming from a facility located next to the cubs. (go white socks!) 2. Ghetto = too many unsupervised kids with parents too busy making out with their gangbanger boyfriends, gossiping about how their man cheated or their face glued to the cell phone. 3. The jungle gym climbing wall = horrible idea and lawsuit waiting to happen.
5 I've traveled around the country and have never seen a park like this. There are many micro islands of play for ages 2 to102. The environment seems to bring out the best in people.
5 Perfect place to walk around. Lots of play ground area for kids. Area for kids to get wet in the summer. Fishing area avaliable,bbq grills, & picnic tables
4 Clean with a lot of things to keep the kids busy! Would be nice if they had more parking. The splash pad is a blast for the kids and there are a lot of covered picnic tables.
