4 Brought my Jeep in to get tinted. Frank did a great job and didn't charge me an arm & a leg. I'll be bringing my second vehicle in for the same amazing service.
5 I have been looking for a place to get my car windows tinted.  I kept seeing $99 specials everywhere so I thought nows the time. After some research I decided not to go with a "special." I started looking on yelp for a good shop close to home. I called R.B.O around 2:30 pm today requesting a price quote. I was quoted a fair price (sadly not quite close to the $99 "specials" but not too bad) and asked when their next available appointment was. The guy told me to come right over. FANTASTIC!! (A lot of the other tint places I called were closed before 2:30)  I arrived within 15 minutes of the call and was greeted promptly by several friendly staff members. I was asked which tint grade I wanted and my car was brought to the back in a flash. I was told the wait time would be an hour and a half but that was fine cause the showroom/waiting area was comfy and cold(a/c was feelin good!!). I thought the glass top coffee table with the rims legs was a nice touch. Orlando brought me a bottled water and I sat and watched "catfish" while I waited. Tv really does help make the time fly by!   At 4:15 my car was finished right on time! I was handed the keys, paid Dougie behind the counter and was escorted to my vehicle for inspection. VERY SATISFIED. I didn't even know the rear window was included! I thought I was paying for 4 windows and I got 5! WooHoo!! Oh and did I mention the LIFETIME warranty!?!?! (I almost went to a different shop only offering a 3 year warranty)  I will definitely be back (got an estimate for a car stereo and install while I was sitting) and I will definitely tell my friends!
5 All excellent comments here on yelp were not exaggerated.  These guys did a great job on our new car, and for a reasonable price.  Will definitely reccomend them.
3 I am writing an update to my original review due to some surprisingly bad service.   When I took my jeep in to get tinted it looked great, until I got it home and realized he completely missed a window, I had to take it back. He apologized and took care of it. No fuss, no muss.  About a month later I took my boyfriends truck (Ford F-150) in to be tinted. I called two weeks in advance to make an appointment, The young kid on the phone assured me that if I dropped it off at 9am(as soon as they opened), they would have it finished no later than 1pm. So I go over exactly what tint I want while in the showroom and after I leave I receive 3 phone calls because they forgot what grade of tint I wanted.   After about 1:20 in the afternoon I called to check on status and the kid says they were backed up but would have it done by 3pm. Now, this was after having an appointment and dropping it off at 9am. 3pm rolled around still no call, I call at 3:30 only to be told it had been done for about an hour and oops sorry we forgot to call you.  Frank is great. He does great work. I was not impressed in the least with his staff.   Great place to go if you are not on a time frame. I dropped my rating because of the major inconvenience and lack of concern for a returning client. I would not recommend this place to friends.
5 First time here, def coming back for all my audio, rim and window tinting needs! Speedy and fast service. Car looks amazing!   Tinting even comes with a lifetime guarantee. 5 stars!!
4 Next day appointment, in and out in an hour and a half, bottle of water while waiting and tint job is perfect. Excellent experience!
