5 Love it already!  Had to go on the grand opening as we'd been anxious for this BW's to open since we first saw the sign that it was coming!  They were BUSY at 11AM and they didn't miss a single beat!  Servers were friendly, smiling, attentive, and seemed genuinely excited to be there! The vibe is awesome there, the layout with the TV's and decorations were excellent. Every other restaurant in this building has closed within the first couple of years, however I'm betting with this Buffalo being here, they're in for the long haul! Keep up the excellent work, we look forward to coming back! :)
1 this was the worst experience I've ever had at a place that calls themselves a bar!! we went in and tried to to order shots and they told us shots or drinks not both . and the food we ordered tasted like salt and grease!!!
2 Pretty rough first attempt here. No silverware. Mediocre service. Asked for water three times before we got it. Sure it will get better as it is a new place but pretty rough thus far.
1 one word: disappointing!  My boyfriend and I were excited to see that this location was opening as we frequent the BWW at the pavilions quite often.  However after our experience tonight, we will be driving the extra few miles to the pavilions BWW.  Service started out great and our server was very attentive.  I ordered a wrap and my boyfriend ordered the CRISPY buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  However, we were brought over 2 wraps.  My boyfriend informed our server that he had ordered a sandwich and not a wrap and our server said it would be right out.  About 10 minutes later, my boyfriend was brought a GRILLED buffalo chicken ranch sandwich.  He informed our server that his order was still incorrect and our server insisted that he entered a crispy chicken sandwich in the computer.  After a minute, he came back with the sandwich and said that they were OUT of crispy chicken and that's why he got grilled chicken.  How do you run out of crispy chicken?  I think that showed us that their chicken is FROZEN and NOT fresh.  After apologizing, the server told my boyfriend to order whatever he would like and that he would be taken care of.  He ended up ordering some boneless wings and fries with cheese and bacon.  The food finally came out (mind you I had been done with my food for 30 minutes) and the fries had a piece of SLICED cheese (think Kraft American singles) "melted" on top of it!  It was unbelievable but at that point we just wanted to be done with the whole experience so we did not say anything.  We finally got our bill and when our server said that we would be taken "care of" what he really meant was that they would take off the 2 incorrect items (the wrap and the grilled chicken sandwich) that my boyfriend received.  I don't know about you, but when I go to a restaurant and I get the incorrect item that I send back, it is GUARANTEED that I will not be charged for it.   Should I have thanked him for taking off the items that we never ordered in the first place?  I also would like to point out that my boyfriend ordered 4 beers during the course of our meal since his food took so long to come out.  I could not believe that they couldn't even comp him a beer.  We don't go around looking for free meals, but the service and experience at this BWW was totally disappointing and we will NOT be returning.  We ended up paying $50 for a terrible experience and we will NOT return.   I understand a new restaurant will have kinks that they need to work out.  However, I do not understand not even attempting to satisfy the guest or make their experience a little better.
2 Food was delivered wrong and cold. I know this place is new and is going to have growing pains but. ... Lots of employees wanting to seat you and no paper towels in bathroom and trash can full? ???? Staff tried to be nice but is obviously more interested in customers money than great service or food. After speaking to manager who said thank you for complaint but never offered apology. Seems customer relations training is in order. I have been to lots of Buffalo wild wings and this is not the top notch service that I am accustomed to. Also they need to keep in mind when hiring staff there are two bars with mediocre food and service within 1/4 mile with more attractive employees.
4 Nothing to complain about at good ole BWW. This new location has a different layout with a wrap around bar which looks like a kitchen top counter. The bartenders on this weeknight were not very busy, so we got to chat and Jenn was very talkative and nice. They had $3.75 Coors biggies and soon enough 10pm reverse happy hour rolled around and they had $3.00 Bud Light biggies. I just wish they had a better happy hour menu or more choices or discounts on real food. I did try the chicken wrap, grilled, but should have had the pieces tossed in sauce, instead of spices, which I could not taste. Jenn did get me more spices though and the wrap with chips/salsa as a side hit the spot, but was just middle of the road in the wrap world. Huge big screen TV dead center too, so this place should do fine as usual. Better to go when less folks are there in my opinion.
4 Quality service, as good of wings/beer as anyone around and a great patio with extra shopping options.
3 Beware the extra 60 cents charge for ranch dressing those wings. Not even on the menu. Staff was attentive and food and drink great!
3 I was happy when this location opened cause I enjoy a lot of the other locations, although, this place definitely needs to work out those new restaurant kinks first before I will find myself visiting again.  The food was good as usual, exactly what I expected from visiting the other locations. Good wings, wraps, sauces, etc. Prices are decent, great happy hour, etc. No complaints in any of those departments. Basically the food alone and the great atmosphere gives this place 3 stars.  However, when it comes to the service, well, that is also why I am only giving this place three stars. The service is slow, everyone seems confused, and no one seems to be able to remember something more than 10 seconds. We sat outside cause it was a beautiful day weatherwise, everyone else seemed to agree cause the inside was fairly empty. There was plenty of staff, but it still took way too long to even be greeted with a drink order, then the drinks took a while on top of that. Once we ordered the food, it did come quickly, but one meal was missing it's side, and when we asked for extra ranch, that took about 15 more minutes to get. The missing side didn't even show up till everyone was done eating, which was also after reminding our waitress two more times about it.   I will probably visit this place again, but not anytime soon. Just be warned, if you plan on going here, the service is not up to par yet with the other B-Dub locations in the valley.
2 Poor service ask for water 3 times and never got it.they charge extra for ranch dressing 60 cents so be careful. had 3 different types of wings Ultra one in one basket and could not tell which was which. they need a lot more staff training , would not return for at least 6 months.
2 I will echo the other reviews that service is slow and painful here. We waited about 35-40 minutes for an order that would have taken 10 at any other Bdubs. The poor waiter was not even apologetic until we handed him payment. Food was as good as any other location, but the service made the meal barely worth it.
5 All good at bww!!! Great food great service fast and accurate! !! First trip here was not good but this time was great. Thank you! !!
5 I always get the Buffalitos and they never disappoint. My favorite are the Honey BBQ buffalitos, but I got the Caribbean Jerk this time and they were a good substitute with a bit more of a kick.
2 Went in around 11pm on a Saturday night and this place wasn't very busy. Our server only had one table (ours) and completely disappointed us. We ordered a couple of beers and took about 10-15 minutes to get them to our table. Then we ordered the snack size wings for me and the buffalo grilled cheese for my husband. When we got our food (which took longer than should have for only being about 5 tables in the entire restaurant) I noticed that I only had 4 wings in my basket when the menu specifically says "at least 5" for the snack size. So I asked the server politely about it, because I understand it's not always the servers fault. He responded saying "on really? Well the number changes every week."... Then why does your menu say "at least 5"? He then told me he would get me another one. As for my husbands food, it was cold right off the bat, and only had a few small pieces of chicken. Time went by and we finished eating what we had. Our server brought our bill and I never did receive that last wing. Pretty disappointing service for being his only table. I can only image what he's like with a full section. I wouldn't have minded if he had just told me that they were out of wings for the night (if that were the case) by laziness doesn't fly in my book.   Ps. I gave this place 2 stars because it was the nicest bww I've been in so far. But that's not all you need to make a good restaurant. Hire some hard workers, Buffalo!
2 The happy hour was good on the drinks and appetizers for $3. And during happy hour, the boneless wings were 60 cents. But that's probably the highlight of the place when it came to wings!  The rest of the wings were pricey. Around $6 for 5 wings? Really? Yes I know you have sauces (let me tell it's pretty mediocre) and you have the giant TVs but I can't really seeing myself paying for that much for wings.  I would go there for the $3 menu and 60 cent boneless if you are into the boneless stuff. Go somewhere else for tastier and cheaper wings.
4 Update: We decided to try this place out again and we're glad we did!  Our server, Nick, was awesome.  There was a small service goof but it was quickly taken care of the correct way.  We have high hopes that they've worked out all the wrinkles and we'll be returning.
3 The place opened about 2 months ago waited for to get the bugs out so I came here with husband and son  the food was really good  had wings , sliders , chicken strips and salad   Placed order at 1225 took 20 mins. And the place wasn't even half full about 35 40 percent.   Can you imagine if it was 75 % full cause of a game plan on a hour wait.   Place is nice TVs every where so if you want to watch a game you can see it every where you sit.
1 Dude! Who the hell charges $9 for a friggin caesar salad with nothing but a dab of croutons, and less less than a full chicken breast! My salad sure didn't look like the one on your website #fail  https://imgur.com/2St7MWm  Can I at least get some vaseline with your overpriced salad? A cigarette perhaps? Maybe even some cuddle time?  Now how about!?
2 We came here for lunch on a Thursday. The place wasn't very busy but service was so slow. it took nearly 45 minutes from when we arrived until we received our food.  otherwise the service was pretty good.  My drink was never empty and the staff punched our lunch cards extra and apologized for the wait.  I got the boneless wings and they were just mediocre. My fries were a little cooler than I would have liked.  Overall, it's not the worst place to go for lunch.
2 I visit this place whenever I have cravings for wings. Traditional, bone-in is what I always order.  The taste exceptional and variety of sauces all taste good.  This is the extent of my review.   Service: Slow and almost nonexistent.  Price vs. Value:  As another reviewer stated, a $9 salad is way out of line. Wings are also priced at a premium compared to other places;  one can pay more than $11 for a plate of 10 wings if ordered with usual condiments like carrots and celery sticks. If one adds either fries or onion rings + a soft drink,  now the bill comes close to $20 per person.  Orders are frequently wrong or items missing.  As I stated, I only go there because I like the taste of their wings. I tune out all other elements.
5 Quest for Wing Perfection   In the mess of pizza delivery joints, dive bars, fast food drive-thrus, and chain restaurants, the search for a quality chicken wing can be arduous, fruitless, and downright frustrating at times. Something about delivering a high-grade hot wing poses a curveball to many respectable establishments. In the greater Phoenix area, restaurants that make an admirable chicken wing are few and far between. Buffalo Wild Wings stands out from the crowd in this age of chicken wing mediocrity as it provides customers with first-rate service, inviting atmosphere, delicious food, and most importantly the best chicken wings offered in the state. Whether it be a family gathering, business oriented lunch date, solo outing, or a meet-up spot to watch the game, Buffalo Wild Wings is always the right call. Food is not the only great thing at Buffalo Wild Wings, the service and atmosphere is awesome as well. Inside the restaurant you will find a friendly waitstaff ready to guide you on your American cuisine endeavor. Upon entering the restaurant I was greeted by a friendly hostess who quickly escorted me to a booth while handing me a menu and rattling off the daily specials. Shortly after being seated, our waiter arrived and introduced himself as James. With a quick greeting and friendly smile he took our drink orders and hustled off to fulfill them. Throughout the meal he was there to refill the beverages, grab sides of ranch, and drop off extra napkins. He even made a point to continuously check on my table and assist any others needs necessary. James provided the perfect balance of service without lingering or disrupting the ongoing conversation.  The surroundings in the restaurant are just as good as the food and service. The booth my girlfriend and I sat in was very comfortable and private, which was a pleasant surprise. From my seat I counted over 30 televisions I could watch comfortably, making Buffalo Wild Wings the perfect spot so settle down and watch the sporting event of your choosing. The great staff and impressive atmosphere make Buffalo Wild Wings a great place to relax and spend a couple hours inside.  When it came time to order my girlfriend and I chose to split an order of jalapeo poppers and a large order of wings. We elected to order half of the wings medium buffalo and half parmesan garlic. The poppers arrived relatively quickly and were very tasty indeed. The crisp breading coupled with the cheddar-stuffed jalapeno made for a flavorful combination that left me wanting more.  The poppers were a great way to start the meal off right and whet my appetite. When the star of the show arrived things seemed to get quiet for a moment as James set down the two heaping baskets of delicious chicken wings. The parmesan garlic wings had a creamy and rich flavor that reminded me of an Italian pasta dish. The parmesan garlic wings were very flavorful and a nice break when the heat of the medium buffalo became unbearable. The real star of the show, the medium buffalo wings, outshined all other aspects of the meal.  Making a truly great buffalo wing is quite the tall order. The perfect hot wing is an often replicated but rarely duplicated American classic that is appropriate for almost any occasion. An ideal buffalo wing has a tangy sauce with a nice amount of spice, but not a mind-blowing, taste bud incinerating level of heat. It has to be meaty and cooked to perfection, which means no dry or uncooked regions of the wing.  It must have a crispy outer coating without feeling like it was battered and deep-fried or drenched in flour.  Lastly, the wing must be sweet without leaving the consumer with a sugary aftertaste in their mouth like they just ate a piece of candy. I'm not sure if this was the criteria that Buffalo Wild Wings set forth to meet, but I do know their wings are all of these things and so much more. They are unquestionably the best wings I have ever eaten at a restaurant. I left Buffalo Wild Wings with a full stomach and feeling of content. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great place to enjoy some terrific food. Buffalo Wild Wings is truly one of my favorite restaurants in the valley and I plan on returning in the near future.
1 I wasn't happy at all with the service. I asked the waiter for ranch and he did not bring any. So I ended up asking another waiter for ranch. Still didn't get anything. I asked my waiter again for ranch and he finally gave me some. I know BWW gets really busy inside but the service needs to be more efficient. I will not go back
4 This is an audio visual extravaganza, one that will wow your senses. Over a gozillion flat-screens complimented by their piece de resistance; a fifty-foot* flat-screen at the head of the bar.  The other thing I quickly noticed is how bright the lighting is, making a good pair of beer goggles nearly impossible to obtain.   The wings are, well, wings.  What separates BWW from other wing joints is their many sauce features. My personal favorite is the mango habanero. It's spicy alright, but the flavor.  The flavor is if Venus herself wandered into a chile patch, gobbled down several scotch bonnets, then nursed you with her chile-infused milk. Holy shit are these things good. Hot, but good.  Another little feature is their blazing wing challenge. This is where some guy comes out of the back dressed as famous oil well extinguisher 'Boots' Hansen, and just after serving your wings, sets off a major explosion in your mouth hoping to 'cap-off' your fire. They do give you a t-shirt for your trouble (and tears) so it's all good.  Be forewarned! The next day is a motherfucker if you do take the challenge. I got pretty sick, but in fairness to BWW, I was never really sure if it was the blazing challenge, or, the fact that I spent the night passed-out in the Walmart parking lot huffing generator fumes from the Insane Clown Posse's tour bus.  I never liked those guys. Did they ever have a hit single? And why on earth do they have a cool tour bus?  *not really fifty, but it's major big
4 Went here for lunch with some friends that picked the restaurant.  They had been here before.  This was my first time at this location but had been to others on Sundays for football.  The whole atmosphere changes for weekday lunch.  I had the Black and Blue burger.  No choice in how it is cooked but it was juicy and quite tasty.  Food came out quickly and we were checked on frequently and our iced teas were kept filled.  If asked I would not hesitate to have a weekday lunch here again.
4 Usually go here for take out, I work down the street. Very clean, service is fast and courteous
4 I eat at BW-3 quite a bit since I have been eating there since I was 18 in Ohio.  I do like the company as a whole. food is good. A bit more pricey than I would like, but I go anyway. The reason they didn't get 5 stars is because after going there at lease 1 time a week since opening, the food doesn't always come out hot. Some of the wait staff are either really good or really bad. The inconsistency is what is the issue and with a few changes they can be stellar. The place is always clean. Bathrooms for the volume are in good shape. But its the front line people. The kitchen can have the food up and they are busy talking on the floor.  They have a good happy hour and a lot of good specials during the week. The TV's are awesome. But they have to agree on a volume. If i am going to the restaurant, I don't want to have to fight over the volume. this has only happened a few times.  Bottomline, I love B-dubbs and want them to succeed. I will continue to go there, and you should too. Just a few minor adjustments.
1 Having eaten at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Philadelphia, I just assumed that the quality would be the same here in Arizona. The food in Philly was pretty good for a sports themed restaurant. Unfortunately, it is not nearly as good here in Scottsdale. My wife and I decided to stop in and watch the World Cup and have lunch. The quality of the television picture was good the food not so much. We ordered the Ultimate Nachos with chicken and an order of fries. The server asked if we wanted the one pound or three pound basket of fries. I said one pound is more than enough. Again, you just can't assume things. The food came and the fries were in a small cardboard tray. If they were a pound, I am going to be the next King of England. Now on to the nachos. The chicken which there wasn't much of was small colorless tasteless pieces sparsely spread on top of the chips. The chips had some cheese on top and very little to none on the chips toward the bottom of the dish. There was no chili to be found. After a taste or two each we sent the nachos back. We asked for our check as we didn't feel like doing any further sampling of this location's menu. We came, we sampled, we won't be back.
5 Restaurants should be rewarded for taking care of business and having good employees.  I arrived 10 mins before lunch hr was over but had to go to the cox store. I walked in an Tamara the host helped me. I asked if I could order my lunch so I can get the lunch special but run to cox quick. I hate missing the lunch special. She honored my order. I came back an the food came out 5 mins later. Kudos. Thank you Tamara!
4 When it comes to BWW, I expect the same mediocre experience every time.  Inattentive wait staff, noise, and adequate food.  Well, fellow Scottsdaleians... I was proved wrong.  Walk into this BWW unlike any other and there are a countless number of TV's plastered on the wall.  Be greeted by the hostesses up front and welcome yourself into the bar area of bliss.  Seating is plentiful and this was the best BWW experience I have ever had.  I don't have one complaint!  We were both in shock over how amazing the service was here.  We stuck to the lunch combos on this one.  They were very happy and willing to put extra toppings on the fries (queso, medium sace, and bacon bits) at an extra charge.  They have awesome tablets to play trivia on instead of those grimy 1990's looking keyboards.  We have found our new BWW and glad to say it's one of the best!
3 First time at this location, got take out and everything food-wise was consistent with any other location I have been to, I was picking up take out.  The number of televisions was pretty amazing - no empty wall space at all here.  The set up is a lot different with no counter order area right at the entrance, instead they have a hostess stand.  Still very sports bar-ish but with more of a restaurant look/feel.
