5 These guys were very helpful.  We ran in to them at the Ostrich Festival in Chandler.  They told us to come in and we were not disappointed one bit.  Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Not only that, they prices were lower than nearly every other shop I have been to in the area.  Not to mention, its the first Vape Lounge that is actually a lounge.  My new shop and I bet it will be yours once you check it out.
5 Great Service!!!! and They have best selection,
5 This place is great! Not only can you get tons of great flavors it is awesome that it is an actual lounge where you can hang out and have a great time. You can't beat the service and prices.
5 There are a lot of "Vapor Lounges" in the area, but Innovative Vapors is the way to go ! Not only do they have the best prices, and the best selection, but they actually have a lounge and their staff is freaking awesome. If you go anywhere else, you are fooling yourself . Can't waitto go back !!!
5 Finally a quality e-cig shop without driving everywhere. Great atmosphere reasonable prices quality product and selection.
5 My wife and I had to stop by this evening bc it turns out we got a defective ecig. The guy that helped us, David (yes?), was extremely personable and helped us quickly. We were able to walk out with a new tank for the thing.  If you guys want/need to quit smoking or just find yourself wanting to smoke an ecig, this is the place to go.  Hope this place stays around.
5 Very nice place with friendly staff! Ask for Andrew if you need any help with anything. He was very knowledgeable when it comes anything vapes. He was very helpful and would love talk about vape products with anyone customer who walks through the doors. The place itself is roomy, clean, and relaxing. It's a nice place to chill and even has a pool table! The tasting bar area is pretty cool looking with a customized bar table. They have many, many flavors to choose from. My personal favorites are called milk & honey and mother's milk (sounds weird, i know). Go check them out! Don't forget to ask for Andrew!
5 One of the best Vapor Shops around by far. Gorgeous storefront and staff that is actually knowledgeable. Kevin has helped me before, and truly knows his higher-level vaping stuff. Compared to some stores that seem to employ newbie vapers, I feel like I'm in company of some real vaping veterans.   Prices and selection are varied and on point too. LOTS of really great and unique flavor choices. Big ups to Innovative.
5 Went in and purchased my first e-cigarette! Kevin helped me out and told me everything I needed to know about my e-cig. I'm very pleased with my visit. I'm so excited about my e-cig! I got a pink one. :) thanks so much for teaching me the ways! I will be back!
5 I wanted to get a new mod and check out the juices as I have been trying to quit smoking for a number of years, but honestly, I just enjoy it too much.  Well since I got there first thing Saturday morning I was the only customer.  The gentleman who assisted me was awesome!  I had seen the Innokin VTR on your website, but the store in Tempe didn't have it so he called the Mesa location and had them hold it.  Needless to say after both places I had the Innokin VTR, an Aspire Nautilus, 4 juices and excellent information.  Since Saturday I have only smoked about 10 ciggs, I am a pack a day smoker...   Absolutely recommend this place.  Whether you are new to e-ciggs or have been around the block, they are extremely knowledgeable and truly friendly, nothing fake here.  Excellent selection!  Thank you Innovative Vapors!
5 I had recently written a bad review on this place because I had a bad experience with getting a replacement for a defective tank I bought from them.  I was dissatisfied with their response of no returns/exchanges.  I left my phone number and asked to be contacted by management.    I have since been contacted by the manager Andrew and he assured me they will be standing behind their products and will give me a replacement at no extra charge.  I no longer have the defective tank, but was told that it was ok in this specific stituation and that they wanted to make things right.  I want to thank Andrew for reaching out to me and correcting this situation.    It means a lot to know that they take pride in their products and care for their customers.  You have taken my rating from 1 star to 5.  Thanks again!
5 My husband is into vaping and I had to show him how cool this place was. I never expected this kind of place when I walked in. It is like a cigar bar, but better! Great prices, Best juice , helpful and knowledgeable employees. Best vapor lounge I've been to in AZ so far and I've been to quite a few. All their juice lines are top notch and their new line called PRESTIGE is amazing! Love the large bar area where you can relax and sample all the flavors.
5 Just recently visited this place from California. The best ambiance I've experienced in a while. Very laid back and friendly. I would definitely make a stop here again next time I'm in Tempe, Arizona.
