5 After living in Sacramento and experiencing Paul Martins in all it's glory, I am very happy to see this new Scottsdale location of one of my old favorites.  How could you go wrong with seasonally selected and mostly locally sourced ingredients that are expertly prepared into fabulous dishes?  I had the spare ribs which were to die for and my wife thoroughly enjoyed a bistro burger.  There is a great selection of fancy and accessible menu items, truly seething for everyone.    P.s.  Try the artichoke appetizer if you are into that kind of thing...it's excellent!
5 Came for soft opening night for family and friends. So far everything I have tried is excellent. Definitely will be coming back. Eric the Best bartender in Scottsdale! Very courteous and professional knows all answers about the drinks and food n is very attentive and knows his job and does an excellent job at it. Keep up the great work guys!
5 What a breath of fresh air....not only is the food amazing but the staff....wow. Made me feel like family.
5 Exceptional service, food, and delicious drinks!! I'm craving the grilled artichoke...wow such tasteful food
4 I had the pleasure of previewing Paul Martin's for lunch last week, before their official opening to the public...  I met my friend Gelie and we had a pleasant, leisurely, and filling experience.  As to be expected with any new restaurant, it seems that the hostess / front area is still working on greeting, seating, confirming reservations, etc... but the great thing is that PMAG seems to have a ton of staff, so I'm hoping they will all "get it" in due time.  Between Gelie and I, we tried the Chicken Tortilla Soup, the Kale Caesar salad, the Fish Tacos, the Mushroom Burger, and the Banana Cream Pie.  Nothing we had was to die for, but it was all tasty.  The service was attentive, ambiance comfortable, and I was pleased to see that despite being a chain (there are currently six California locations), they keep it local by using seasonal products from Valley farmers and purveyors including Black Mesa Ranch, Crow's Dairy Farm, Schreiner's, Hayden Mills, Queen Creek Olive Mill, and more... Their menu isn't overwhelming, but there's a decent amount to choose from.    When I return, I hope to try the artichoke appetizer and perhaps the Greek Salad with prawns and/or the Bistro Burger.  (Gelie and I actually missed that the Three Mushroom Burger we ordered was a mushroom patty and not a beef patty!)  We ate it anyways; who doesn't need more veggies?!  Paul Martin's took over the location where J Alexander's used to be... I hope they stick around for awhile!
5 Went with a group last night and was surprised we were able to get in.  The service was very.....awkward.  It must have been our servers first serving job as well.  I chalked this up to being new so I'm not deducting anything.    Ordered the butchers board and appreciated the explanation about the different meats and cheeses. The "mine" bleu cheese was the best.  Ordered the prime strip and it was excellent.  Substituted the mashed potatoes and they were good but my friend said hers were cold.  She also just likes to complain.    Banana cream pie was good.  Had a kick to it.     Will be back again.
3 Honestly surprised this place has received a bunch of 5ers...  They've redone the old J. Alexanders - the patio is spacious and airy and today at least [it's still spring...] had blooming orange trees so the atmosphere was really pleasant. We sat at one of the sofa/table combos and it was comfy and not at all awkward to eat. Decent crowd, nice hum and could have our own conversation unimpeded by surroundings. Boom. We were firing on all cylinders. Until the food.   Service was prompt and attentive but not hovering. BP [biz partner] had the Asian Chopped and our server Dustin suggested the Greek Salad with Lemon Prawns [I was wavering between that and the Grilled Salmon Sandwich.] We both had iced tea - crisp, unsweetened, fine. Our salads came out and I was jealous. The Asian looked more appetizing than mine - better presentation and overall just looked more appetizing. Mine had whole butter lettuce [I mean, okay, but really? It's a salad. Why do I need to cut my lettuce, peeps?] Two different kinds of olives - which, if I really was an olive fan would have been great because there was very little else of substance. There was a nice amount of feta, way way waaaay too many tomatoes and I'm sorry, THREE prawns. Three. They tasted good but for $16, I would've had more protein if I'd ordered the sandwich. It just isn't a good value nor that great.  [$40 before tip for two salads and iced tea.]   It's just a 'meh' from me - even the outstanding patio space doesn't save it.
2 Ok before I get started, I should point out that my 2 star review is solely based on the length of time waiting for the main entrée to arrive (to which Paul Martin DID make up for that!) Yes, this place is about 2 weeks old and some of the wait staff (at least where we were seated, on the patio) seemed to be very new.  No problem...I've been a newbie before too.  Our server was a little over the top with the constant mispronunciation of "beautiful", he kept saying "bootiful" and he kept reaching over us to remove empty dishes from the table; he just needs a little more training and seasoning and he'll be fine. The appetizer was a grill artichoke that we shared and it came with this great tasting garlic, pesto and basil aioli.  We devoured that in a short period of time. Next, we split the French Dip sandwich; the meat was a little too fatty and even though we split the dip, I mean c'mon Paul Martin, you can spare a decent amount of the au jus, can't 'cha??  The au jus was served in this way too small and too deep Japanese teacup-like container which it made it difficult to "dip" our French dip.  The horseradish/mayonnaise dip was creamy and good, pretty standard.  The shoestring fries was done well and crispy. We also had the mac and cheese that had pieces of prosciutto in it and it was a unique taste, the broiled top was nice and crunchy! With that being said, our wait time after we got the appetizer was way too long and appeared isolated however that is my biggest pet peeve is the food took too  long AND it seems that I am the one who has to recognize it and point it out to the staff.  Once I let the server know that it's taking a long time, it was then he let his manager know.  Manager addressed us and was nervous about approaching us (he seemed to be a young and new manager as well) and he did his best in explaining the situation but it was painful watching him stumble (ok, not so painful as amusing).   When the food did arrive, it did come out nice and hot so that was a plus!  They also comped our meal as a way of apologizing for the delay.   A golf clap for the food...and since they showed that in the end it is about customer satisfaction, we are going to try Paul Martin again.
5 We went to Paul Martins last night for dinner and were very pleased with our experience.  This is a brand new restaurant created by the owner of PF Changs. Our waiter, JASON, was terrific and super knowledgable providing us descriptive details of the food and suggestions such as a Pinot Noir imported from California.  This restaurant has a woodsy/steakhouse decor mixed with a zen ambiance of candles and stones. It is a casual atmosphere where you can dress up for a three course meal or come in and watch March Madness at the bar.  I highly suggest the salt and pepper prawns appetizer.  Again, most of my credit goes to our waiter who was extremely knowledgable, attentive, and accommodating.  I will be returning back for sure!
5 The management and seasoned service at this fine dining establishment are top-notch.  I would recommend checking it out!  75 wines by the glass!  Nice atmosphere on the outdoor patio.  Should get better and better!
3 Paul Martin's used to be J Alexanders and I liked the old restaurant. Food was very good at typical higher end Scottsdale prices. $14 cheeseburgers. $28 entrees. $8 Carrot cake was awesome. I was disappointed to see it go out of business.  Now we have a California restaurant in it's place. I knew that the second I sat down at the bar. The place mat gave me the entire lowdown on the chickens. You know, the fact that they are not kept in cages. Is this important to you? Me neither. I just want a good meal with friendly service, nice atmosphere and a decent price. In this case, 3 out of four ain't bad.   It's California cuisine because it's food with a social conscience that beats you over the head. Free range chickens, ethical farming, fair trade espressos... you get the idea. if you love that sort of stuff (and in reality, I know it's probably your girlfriend who does) than bon appetit. Have a not very large and average tasting $15.50 cheeseburger (cheese is extra) and sleep better because the chickens aren't in cages.  The place does have a nice atmosphere, but so does Houston's across the street and so did J Alexanders.  Very friendly wait staff. Food delivery was quick. Beer selection is limited. Maybe the wine list was better. Don't know. Not a wine guy.  I left wishing I had been able to find a seat at "Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers" in old town Scottsdale. Good food at a decent price. Do they have ethically farmed local ingredients? They don't say and in all honesty I couldn't care less.
2 The most important place to start: There is a restaurant that has been across the street for a long time with a great record serving up a very similar menu and doing it better. If you have been to this place I speak of across the street, and you like it, don't go to Paul Martin's.   This is a new location for an already established restaurant group, for that reason I do not allow the excuse of being new in regards to our not so great service. While our waitress was nice, she just wasn't very good. If I ask you what items are good on the menu don't tell me what people have been ordering a lot of that night. It doesn't answer my question. A restaurant like this should have had all their employees do a complete tasting of their menu.   After lack of guidance my husband and I collectively wound up with the spinach dip, mushroom soup, steak cobb salad and the short ribs. The meal itself started with olives from the Queen Creek Olive Mill and some seasoned almonds. We enjoyed those and thought we were headed on the path of a good meal, but not so much. Next our waitress brought us "complimentary" bread. She kept saying "complimentary ". It was weird, pretty sure everyone eating at that restaurant understands when the bread hits the table you don't have to pay for it. Anyhow, it wasn't very good bread.   Next should have been our spinach dip but that took 25 minutes so my soup showed up first. It would have actually been very good but half the bowl was filled with a chunk of that not so great bread wedged into my soup. Finally the "spinach dip" came. Ok, if you have had that aforementioned restaurant's spinach dip, DO NOT ORDER THIS. It was whole leaves of spinach that were wilted in a runny béchamel sauce. Not only was the flavor lacking but it was hard to eat since it was whole leaves of spinach. Don't waste your time or money on that one.  The last round for us was my salad and my husband's short ribs. My salad was ok, not bad - but nothing to write home about. The price for what you were getting left something to be desired though. My husband's short ribs were a little bit of short ribs and 20 potatoes worth of mashed potatoes. Guess they make sure their margins are good on that dish. But the biggest issue there was the "sauce". The meat itself was very tender but the plate was like soup with a broth made of soy sauce with meat floating in it. This quantity of soy sauce made the short ribs SO over salted. Short ribs have become very popular on many restaurant menus lately and these were probably my least favorite out of many I've tried lately.   One of the most important things to note here, the bathrooms were FILTHY. I always find it concerning when cleanliness is not a priority in any part of a restaurant.   Final statement: go across the street.
3 Came here for lunch on a weekday, the first week they opened. I can understand that there are always kinks to iron out at a new opening but my experience was just blah. Not good, not bad.. I was with an elderly companion.  After being greeted at the front door the first question from the host/manager was do you have a reservation?  Not, how are you or how is your day going. (No, we don't have a reservation, its 11 am on a wednesday and you've been open 3 days..) We were then asked if we prefer inside or outside. I told them that my friend doesn't like drafty patios much so inside would be best. We were then brought to a table right next to the open screen of that drafty patio. While I thought it looked like a lovely enclosed patio with citrus trees and cute lights, that table was obviously not going to work.  After getting settled into a setback booth the awkward service,  or over - servicing rather, started. I think it was his first serving job so I can cut him a little slack, he was very kind and definitely friendly, just so so awkward. I don't understand it when servers announce their actions. (I will go get your iced teas and be right back with them, I will put your spinach dip in and be back to answer any questions, I'm going to take your plate if you're finished, I see you didn't use your silverware for your appetizers so I dont need to give you new ones..) its idle chatter, sounds unprofessional,  and is so unnecessary.  I know you're coming back with stuff I order...that's why I am here. Service should be unobtrusive at a place like what they're going for, you shouldn't interrupt your diners conversation to complete a list of service points you have to hit. They have a lot of fine tuning to do.  Another awkward thing was the staff that werent waiting on tables all standing around against the walls and watching service. I'm not sure if they were managers, corporate guys, or servers as they were all dressed nice. But the staring was uncomfortable..at least smile while you're watching. And you just opened, I'm sure there's something to do somewhere.  Oh yeah...the food! Nothing to write home about. Nothing stood out on the menu as different than any of the other upscale american grills in the area. They do use all local purveyors and boast a scratch kitchen, which is always a nice touch. I guess I was expecting some new and exciting can't get everywhere menu items to go with that.
4 The happy hour food was amazing! Great atmosphere and very nice service. Was really busy though....call ahead!
5 This place knows how to train their staff!  Outstanding wait service!  It was comparable to a 5 star restaurant!  The food was excellent and we were informed about the menu including they make everything from scratch using the freshest local ingredients, depending on what is available seasonally.  Really enjoyed this experience!
1 went here for the second time tonight. our first experience (it's the food) not so great. so tonight we decided to give it a second shot. sadly, our second time was even worse. the service is okay. we always sit at the bar. it's the food that is extremely disappointing. our bill was $125. we had 4 glasses of wine, an app, a salad and the french dip. the french fries were the best thing we had. our app, the street steak tacos, just okay. loaded with giant bites of fat that i picked away before taking a bite. next our chicken salad and french dip. the chicken salad was BAD. the chicken disintegrated into a paste/powder. i ate about 1/4 of the salad. the french dip served on a focaccia roll. focaccia i've seen for breakfast and lunch sandwiches, not dinner. awful. i had a stomach ache by the time we left the restaurant. we are weekly patrons of houston's across the street and there is a reason. the food is ALWAYS good and the service is beyond amazing. we were looking forward to have a new haunt to enjoy, but houston's will be it, not paul martin's. very disappointing. food BAD.
4 Very good experience, overall. Service was excellent, food was very good. I had the cedar plank salmon with mashed potatoes...excellent! There is a 42.00 steak that two others split but "it wasn't worth it". Deserts were overpriced but good. The only complaint was how cold it was in the dining room.
4 Came here for dinner with a friend Friday. We made reservations so we were taken back right away. Our server was in training but he did an excellent job, more of the reason why I give it 4 stars is because the service was prompt and server kept us very well informed and knowledgable about the menu. Love also that everything is made from scratch and in house.   We started our night of with a glass of wine each, I was very impressed with their wine list and also how their selection of by the glass was quite extensive than most steak houses. We had the seafood platter as our appetizer. Came with fresh oysters, shrimp, lobster, and a salmon spread lettuce wrap. Very tasty, however the portions were VERY small for the price you are paying. I had the cedar plank salmon as my meal, it was good but could have been better. The sauce was very runny which made the presentation look very sloppy and salmon could have been cooked better. My friend had the rib eye steak, it looked amazing and friend said it was tasty. Had a piece of the broccolini it had as a side and loved it.  For desert we tried the raspberry crem brûlée and it may have been my favorite part of the meal. Cooked perfectly and moist.   With 2 glasses of wine later and a $200 tab we would say we enjoyed our dinner. Food would review as 3-3.5 but gave it 4 stars because of the ambiance of the place and great service.
2 Really disappointing. Dropped by here on a Friday night with my wife hoping for a good dinner but all we got was marginally decent food that was very pricey.  Cocktails were 10 dollars each, not bad, but didn't really taste too good. nothing special.  Servers were unpolished. Felt like they were all newly hired.  Food was not that good. New York Strip Steak was a small portion. Tasted all right, but not nearly enough for a young man. Asked for medium rare but got it medium. Wife ordered medium sandwich but got rare. Had to send it back (after waiting for 10 minutes).   Overall, came out to 40 a pop, but was a lackluster meal.
1 Will not return to this restaurant.  Food is a big disappointment and management is overbearing and pushy. We waited over 30 minutes for food.  When we sat down 6 olives and some almonds were placed on table for 8 people.  After we ordered meals 6 slices of bread were delivered.   Mushroom  soup served cold, French Dip is ok (better in New River) and Prime Rib is fatty with a pile of mashed potatoes.  The best was the salad, but it only had several varies of lettuce in it, but dressing was good.   Can find good salads in many other places close by,  will not recommend to friends.  Prices are on the high side even for Scottsdale.  Waiter was best part.  He knew the dishes and was attentive to needs.   He deserves a 4 or 5 for his service and the handicap he works with the quality and management.
2 After visiting this stylish new restaurant three times I was disappointed in the food three times.   First time: After struggling to find anything on the menu that appealed to me, I ordered the fish tacos.  I was surprised to see the tacos made with Salmon.  If I wanted Salmon I would have ordered Salmon.  They were just ok but,  not what I had hoped for.  Second time:  I ordered a hamburger.  It was difficult to cut it in half as I hit on a very tough piece of meat.  Then, when I was eating it, I bit on a tough piece that I could not chew so I had to spit it out.  Lost my appetite for the rest of the meal.  Third time: Got to be better this time right??  I odered Tortilla Soup.  Huge  disappointment.  The bowl was small, there were VERY few pieces of chicken but, one the the pieces was a chunk of fat that had to  be spit out!!  Summary:  Disappointed in the food,  prices too high, happy hour below average. Many better restaurnants in town.  Paul Flemming.....how did you miss on this one?   My recommendation:  For great Tortilla Soup  go to  Roaring Fork.  For all other food, you can't go wrong at Houston's.  Nan
5 What an awesome new place to enjoy an amazing experience! Paul Martins really got every detail down from the greeting at the door to the impeccable service and food received threw out! My wife and I came to AZ for a weekend getaway from San Diego and I am proud to say we found our new go to when in Scottsdale!   After having an awful experience at the place across the street the night before we found out that the new guy on the block really has it down. The management should be proud as they really hit a home run selecting the staff and training them to provide service we haven't seen in AZ before. You got to try this great new restaurant!
5 In Scottsdale from New York City for business. Great restaurant!  5-7pm happy hour special ($13) gets you a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a tall handcrafted beer. Nice deal! Big portions, nice simple flavors. Perfectly cooked. Homemade mayo was a nice touch.  What brought me here is that everything is made from scratch and they work with local farms and businesses. Their meat is also humanely raised. You can taste and feel the difference. America needs more places like this and we need to support them.
5 In Scottsdale from Seattle on business.  Paul Martin's was near the hotel so my business colleague and I thought we would give the place a try.   Initial impression from the parking lot was that it may be out of our price range.   But we were pleasantly surprised by the food prices as well as the service.  I had the skirt stake which was outstanding.   And Mary, our server did an awesome job in taking care of us.   I would highly recommend!
5 We had a great experience going here for our anniversary. The food was amazing!  We ordered the shrimp, fish tacos, and spare ribs. All were fabulous. Plus the servers were very attentive and kind. We would definitely go back!
4 I visited Paul Martin's for the first time last night.  I loved the smoked salmon that I had.  It was outstanding, however they served a nice piece of healthy fish with 4 ginormous pieces of bread.  I would have rather had a vegetable or side salad.
2 Living around this restaurant, I have been meaning to stop in and experience it. My mother and I arrive at around 1 and instead of being asked where our seating preference is, we were lead outside, in the 100 degree heat. Our hostess was kind and directed us to probably the most uncomfortable table in the entire restaurant, I had to suggest a nicer table to finally come to rest at a low booth (one open of many).   Now this would not usually be a problem, however when I'm paying 13 dollars for a burger, expectations of service are raised. The food itself was delicious, tender and fresh ingredients were used.   The ambiance itself left something to be desired as the 'top hits of today' rang through the speakers. Maybe it's just me, but I prefer to not eat my lunch listening to Home by Philip Philips. Our waiter was kind and speedy; however, as I previously stated, spending $60+ on lunch I would rather go to Houston's than this restaurant for the same exact menu, better service, and a better ambiance.
4 Had lunch today with a friend. This could be a great date place.  It has a lovely interior and the outside patio looks like a great place for a date.  We both had the Grilled Salmon. I like mine cooked well and often that means dry and overcooked. It's tough not to over do. But Paul Martin got it just right. It was cooked all the way through and still moist. I thought the portion was large - especially for lunch. The bread didn't win any points. It was kind of a slab of bread and easily skipped (helps the diet plan!). We ended with their Banana Cream PIe and coffee. The Banana Cream pie had a thin layer of chocolate. It didn't overwhelm the bananas. Banana Cream pie can be a heavy dessert. This was light and didn't overwhelm the senses. The coffee was great. Everyone who worked there, were pleasant, polite and had great smiles. They certainly gave the feeling that we were welcomed.   The only things that slightly f took away from the experience. We were at a booth right next to the kitchen. There's a whole row of booths that are parallel to the kitchen. There was a lot of noise before the restaurant was half full. We sat at the outside edge of the booth to hear over the noise. Odd for a place like this.  And the service was great once they discovered us. I sat for over 10 minutes without being acknowledged by a waiter or asking if I wanted a drink while I waited for my friend. My friend arrived and it was almost another 10 minutes before we were noticed. The waiter made up for it - service was amazing after that. Just odd because the restaurant wasn't that busy and many waiters went by but no one seemed to take notice. Very minor point and certainly the waiter gave fantastic service after that.
4 The skirt steak had so much flavor! I wanted more of it!!  The roasted chicken was delicious with mashed potatoes as well. Great deal two entrees and a bottle of wine for $49:)
4 Went here with some friends visiting from Chicago, good food and service was excellent.
1 Bad. Just plain bad, especially for the price.  Food:  Appetizers Spinach dip- gross. Honestly disgusting. Most spinach dip is thick with melted cheese, cream, chopped spinach, etc. This was whole pieces of spinach in what seemed to be Campbells cream of (?) soup and some melted cheese on top. Comes with bread, not a dipping appetizer, I had to use a spoon to ladel some onto my bread.  Cheese board: pretty good. Nice variety of cheeses and meats, though it did not come with any additional bread or crackers. They price it at $12/person, which is weird and a little confusing (does each person have to pay $12 or can you just order one "person" for the whole table?). The latter is true and we ordered 2 "people" for 5 of us and it was enough.   Calamari: my favorite part of the meal. Fried really nicely and great flavor.  Entrees Prime new York steak: $42. Absolutely not worth $42. I ordered MR and it came medium. Did not taste like a high quality steak. Came with spinach with no flavor and fried potatoes which were the best part of the plate.  French dip: OK but not great. Fairly juicy but not what i would expect from a restaurant like this. The horseradish had the consistency of ranch and did not have much flavor. Fries were very good.  Short rib: very juicy. No real complaints but it didn't blow me away.   Two others ordered fish plates which I did not try. However both were swimming in some sort of juice/sauce and neither person finished their plate.  Dessert Chocolate cake: solid. Chocolate lovers dream  Drinks: Bloody Mary: spicy (good for me) but it was very thin looking and lacked flavor. Even my wife (who hates BM's) mentioned that it looked thin  Margarita: terrible. It was just sweet and sour and silver tequila. No gran marnier or orange juice or anything that resembled fresh juice. Supposedly the sweet and sour is made in house, but its a very poor recipe if that's true.   Service: Complete garbage for the prices they charge. We waited 5 minutes (at least) from the time we sat until anyone greeted us and took drink orders. Another 5 minutes or so to actually get drinks. Then probably 15 minutes before he came back to get our food orders, by then we just ordered our food an appetizers together.   The servers dont seem to help each other out much either. Each time food and drinks were brought to the table, our server had to make 2 trips.   Drink refills were relatively slow, but not terrible. Table management was awful. My margarita glass was empty after 15 minutes and then sat on the table for the rest of the meal until we stood up. One ordered wine but her wine glass was still removed from the table (prior to being served her first glass). When he brought the wine he had to go back to get another glass.   Overall we were there for 2 hours. Will never go back. If you want to pay the same amount for dinner but get a quality meal and excellent service, go across the street. If you want to get the same service and food but don't want to pay the $$$, go to....any chain restaurant of your choice.
4 Talk about a great place... The atmosphere is really nice.. They have a splendid outdoor patio for happy hour...  The happy hour menu is solid for food and drinks.. 5 buck mojitos...  We enjoyed dinner as well.
4 We had a good lunch. The difference between 4 and 5 stars was primarily the cost for a simple lunch with wine. I think it is a bit expensive for the selection and particularly the wines. The cheapest attractive entrees were $11 and the cheapest red wine was $9 (I bought a good wine for $10.)  I had tacos and they were good. Friend had burger and cheapest alternative was $13 but he says it was good. Both had salad which was good but on a hot plate. Excellent wine list by the glass though expensive. Beer list interesting but I didn't check prices. Good waiter and good assistants
5 A great american restuarant. The burger is the best in the valley. Also like the BLT with great fries. You won't be disappointed with other items on the menu. The service is just great.
5 Service was excellent! Imad was our waiter very knowledgable of the menu. I had the cedar plank salmon and my boyfriend had the skirt steak both very good. Monday night special a bottle of wine two salads and any entree for 50$! So cheap. We also had the strawberry shortcake and banana cream pie super yum!!!
4 Had a really nice anniversary dinner with my husband.  The service was great, atmosphere nice, a little loud, but it was a Saturday night.  The food was spot on...fresh, tasty and came quickly.  They even gave us a desert for our occasion.  We'll definitely go back with friends for a nice night out.
1 My boyfriend and I went to Paul Martin's for the first time this evening. We were excited to try something new, but received the worst service I have ever experienced. It took a long time for the waitress to take our drink order. My boyfriend waited 20 mins to get his beer. After sometime we noticed tables around us had received complimentary bread, but none was offered to us. We had to ask. From the time we ordered our entrees it took us an hour to receive our meal. In this time a family of 4 was seated next to us. They ordered, received their meals and paid for their meals and we were still waiting. The food was not worth the wait. Our side salads were lettuce with approximately 5 grape tomatoes. The fish was over cooked. Our bill was very overpriced for the quality of food and service we received. We will not be returning or recommending this restaurant.
5 Best burger I've ever had! Only complaint was the fries were a little salty for my taste.. That's the worst of it.. Friendly staff.. Swanky atmosphere.. Prices weren't unreasonable..
2 I don't understand what all the hype is about with Paul Martin's...I'd like to give it 2.5 stars, but rather than round up, I'm rounding down. Looking beyond the really nice decor and well done interior remodel of the restaurant formerly known as J. Alexander's, everything else seemed very lack luster.  I made a call to get a group of three on the waiting list on a Friday night, and the hostess almost seemed confused at my request. When we arrived, we were told that the hostess only had marked us down for a group of two...alright, no big deal, an honest mistake I guess. There was about a 20 minute wait so we decided to get some drinks at the bar. It was pretty crowded, but the bartender was fairly dismissive and not overly friendly upon our arrival, just a quick delivery of the menu and "what will you be drinking?"..hmm okay.  When we got the text message that our table was ready, the same absent minded hostess sat us, and only brought two menus. I'm not sure what the deal was, but we clearly had a party of three, c'mon now! When our server arrived, he was kind enough to offer a smile and a proper greeting. We ordered the bruschetta appetizer right away and had our drink order placed. When he came back over, he spieled the specials for the night - and REALLY emphasized the new bruschetta, which we had already ordered. At this point, the series of service miscues were almost laughable to us and we figured we were already there so let's just roll with the punches.  Entrees came out, and my girlfriend had the steak cobb salad which was good, her mom had the polenta which was fine, and I had the New York French Dip which is their "twist" on a prime rib shaved sandwich. It instead has shaved New York strip on it and I must say, I was completely underwhelmed by the flavor of the sandwich - just bland, bland, bland.  Honestly, I know I'm ranting and raving in this review, but it was a totally mediocre experience. It is amazing what a remodel can do to a restaurant, as it was pretty full and seemed more lively than when J. Alexander's was the occupant, but I don't think the food is any better - in my opinion, its not even as good and the service is definitely not up to par.   Maybe I'll give Paul Martin's a second chance, but I'll keep my regularity and loyalty to Houston's and Hillstone for my All-American cuisine fix.
4 We decided to try this restaurant on a Sunday night. We were greeted promptly and seated right away in this most attractive restaurant. The decor is most inviting, casual, but, elegant. Our wait-person was friendly and extremely knowledgeable regarding the menu. They bring a small serving of almonds and olives to enjoy with your cocktails. We decided to split the Calamari appetizer. It arrive fresh and perfectly prepared. We ordered the  Chimichurri steak, and the house hamburger plate. Both came perfectly prepared, med-rare, as ordered. Both came with their house fries which were nice and fresh, but, a little too salty. The burger, with cheese was nice and juicy, made with flavorful beef. The bun, very important, was nice. The Chimichurri steak was excellent. Tender and flavorful, and, cooked perfectly. There was no room for desert, but, we did order de-caf coffee, which arrived barely warm. Most disappointing since this is the last thing served. I would definitely return, the entrees were excellent, the service friendly and professional, and, the decor beautiful. P.S.- they offer a daily special, until 7p.m. of a burger, fries and a beer, all for $13.00, a great deal.
2 The service was good and the restaurant is very pretty and had a nice atmosphere.  I was just disappointed that my friend and I spent $80 for dinner and did not enjoy the food.
