4 Good. It cost around $30-$40 to get a rent stuff. The people working there are nice. The scene is outdoors with a lot of obstacles. You must be able to tolerate pain because these paintballs hurt though! haha
4 This place is AWESOME! Being on and from the East side, we run out of things to do, usually all the cool stuff is on the West side in either Scottsdale or Phoenix. Having something close that is fun to do is a cool change of pace! This place is an outdoor course for both paintball and air soft guns. They have everything you need, so if you are a newbie you can go without any gear and they will get you taken care of! The prices are decent for rentals and you can pay one fee and play for as long as they are open for the day. It's pretty hot out right now, so I would definitely recommend going as soon as they open. By 10am we were sweating our butts off and ready to leave after about 5 games. If you are a girl, don't worry, it doesn't hurt too much at all! I would suggest wearing a long sleeve shirt and some pants for your first few times! Once you get better you can show some more skin, but bear skin will bruise a lot easier then covered skin. Also get one of the chest guards, to protect more of your body. I got shot a few times and only left with one good bruise, really didn't hurt at all! I can't wait to go again! The people who work here are very nice, happy and have a good time!  Side note - There are some people who take this game seriously, so if you go out for your first time and just for fun, try to stay out of their way so they can enjoy themselves too. They aren't rude, but they are determined to WIN! So watch out! Haha! And ladies..... no potty..... so be prepared to hold it or cop a squat!  :)
5 I just got into paintball as a sport about 3 months ago so I have not been to many fields. Wild West is really awesome compared to the other fields I have been too. I usually go to this place on saturday nights for night paintball, its from 5pm to 10pm. They light up the field and there are plenty of places to hide. The prices are awesome at this place and you can bring your own paintballs! Most courses make you use their paintballs and then they jack up the prices, not this place! The people there are very nice and know a lot about paintball guns so if you have any questions they are always happy to help you. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
