5 Nothing better than coffee, aside from crapes, and Colaldos has it both! It's wonderful to see new places on the west side that aren't chain coffee shops *cough cough* Starbucks*. Colados is an awesome hang out that not only has great espresso or frappes, which ever you prefer, but also fresh crapes! It's a great place to start off your morning, or take a nice brake from the day.
3 Saw this place while going to frys so decided to stop by and try it out. We got the Nutella crepe and peach ice tea. Nutella crepe was good. My niece loved it. But the peach ice tea probably needed more peach flavoring. It was bland. Will come back to try other drinks next time.
4 Great local option if you're in the West Valley.  I have not tried the Crepes but look forward to heading back soon.  A little difficult to find, it is located in a strip mall just West of a Fry's grocery store.
5 Great place to start your day with!! There iced coffee is great and made fresh right in front if you. Will definitely be stopping by again.
5 Came here when they just opened and it was great and they were very friendly! we had the vanilla helados and they were BETTER than starbucks. I also had the deep fried ice cream which as delicious. If your looking for a coffee place, ITs HERE!
5 It is so nice to find a good family run coffee shop in the West Valley! I stopped in her near closing to check it out and the family was exceptionally accommodating. The prices are good and the crepes were delightful.  My one suggestion to the owners would be to expand the crepe menu to include some breakfast crepes and some lunch crepes. The desert crepes were great, but I'd love to stop in for coffee and breakfast crepe on a Saturday morning.  But well done! This is a great addition to the neighborhood and so much nicer than nearby Starbucks. Also have wi-fi!
3 I won't write a long review because this place doesn't really deserve a well thought out review..   I ordered a nutella crepe to begin with and I'm not gonna lie, it was good. My sweet peach iced tea wasn't even sweet. That was the problem.. I asked if they can make it sweeter and the girl added "sweetness" to it, but it still tasted watered down.   The prices are reasonable though. The one thing I did love was the way it looked inside. It was cute and most likely I will come back,  but I won't order a sweet peach iced tea.
5 Nice to see a coffee place on the west side that is not a Starsucks! I tried the colado coffee since I had never heard of it. It is strained through a cloth. Wow, lots of coffee flavor, without a trace of bitterness! It is quite unlike the aforementioned coffee chain's joe, which is awfully bitter and burnt-tasting. I highly recommend the colado.  I got the Nutella/banana/strawberry crepe to go with. It was delicious but a bit over the top with lots of whipped cream and chocolate syrup drizzled all over. Next time I will order it without those toppings; i think Nutella is really rich enough on its own. The crepe itself was lovely.  This place appears to be family owned. They were really sweet and concerned that I was pleased with what I ordered. How nice is that? Hard to find around here. And it is nicely decorated inside. Avoid the Starbucks down the street and come here instead.
5 My first and every time here is always amazing. Just being inside is so relaxing. I was never a huge fan of Starbucks for some reason but this place to me is way better. Made me fall in love with coffee all over again
3 I will start out by saying the crepe was pretty good, and the presentation was nice. However, the plastic forks and knives that were available suck, I could barely cut my crepe into bite sized pieces because my plate kept sliding around because the flimsy knife couldn't handle the crepe.   The chai latte was just okay, there was gritty stuff on the bottom of my drink so I'm thinking it's made from a mix.   Might come back for a crepe sometime but not good enough to be a regular treat.
5 Been there twice and I have no complain... Place feels like those coffee shops in San Francisco CA... Friendly people and great food I have ordered chipotle crepe although my friends thought I was crazy... They change their mind when they try it. Now it's their favorite.
5 the crepes were really good, i loved the whole wheat crepe. Great place
5 Loved everything about this place. Location, set up, friendly employees and on top of that the AMAZING and very DELICIOUS crepe and coffee. One thing for sure is I will defiantly be making more visits here. Think I found my spot!
5 This place is the bomb!  Family-owned, friendly....and best of all--DELICIOUS!  They will make you just about anything you could find on the menu at Stabucks and even some unique creations, crepes mainly.
5 Tasty crepes and strong coffee. Super nice and genuine staff as well. Go for the relaxed vibe if for no other reason
