2 Thin crust and a bit burned on the edges. Extremely light on the sauce and 1 slice got 1/2 of a pepperoni. For 5.99 + tax=$6.49 eh average grub. Might return.
5 This place is great and I'm so glad I found it so soon!! The employees are so friendly and happy and willing to help and serve you. I am gluten-free, so when I asked for the gf crust, the lady actually asked if I wanted her to change her gloves for my allergy...that type of competence and willingness is RARE.   It's only 7.99 for a make your own 11 inch pizza, which if you only get one topping is ok, but it's for unlimited toppings. So in theory you could get like all the veggies, all the seasonings, all the specialty meats and everything for only 8$...which is awesome.  The flavors are great and it's a little more unique than other places (they have cool flavors and jerk seasonings and tangy seasonings, etc)  I will definitely be returning and can't wait to return.   It's really rare to find places that actually offer and honor and want to serve gluten free customers.   THANK YOU!!  Give it a try and get lots of toppings so you get more for your money :).   Update: went back the next day- still great!
4 Great pizza anyway you like it, I chose traditional crust with pepperoni, roasted red peppers, bacon a slather of basil pesto and extra cheese, all for a cool $8.50 with tax...in downtown Phoenix for lunchtime eats you can't beat that.
5 Fast, casual pizza that you can customize to your liking...several different crusts, veggies, meats, and seasonings to choose from!  You can put as many different toppings on as you like all for $7.99.  The pizza is delicious!!!
3 It's pretty clean and the employees seem pretty enthusiastic when greeting everyone. I have been here twice and both times got the margherita pizza. It's good for what it is. Pretty good value...comes to about 6.49 with tax. 3 stars because both times my pizza was given to me without basil.
5 It's new, it's fresh, it's a good value, and the service is great.  What is not to love about this new Cityscape lunch spot?  One evening last week I saw that this place had just opened- seemingly out of nowhere.  The next day some coworkers and I went here and were impressed.    It's all very straightforward, you can build your own for a certain (very reasonable) price and get unlimited toppings, or you can choose from one of their pre-made pizzas.  Several others made their own 'masterpieces', but I wanted to only get my feet wet so I had the Starving Artist Marghareta.  Mine came out really good (have posted a picture of it), but I wish I had just built my own and loaded on the toppings.  One of my colleagues said he felt guilty by the amount of meats he loaded his pizza with.  Another boldly claimed that this was his new favorite lunch spot.  We took a menu and shared it with some others in the office, and I expect that we will return often.    We showed up at 11:00 and there was a healthy but fast moving line, so one might go early to avoid a longer line.    The price is right, the service is great, and I don't see how you can go wrong.
5 For $6+tax, you can get a predesigned pizza.  I've had all of them, and they are all very tasty.  Or $8 and you can add whatever toppings you want.  This is to pizza what Subway is to sandwhiches and Chipotle is to burritos.  Fresh ingredients, rapidly assembled, getting you out the door and eating your food within about 7 minutes of ordering or less.  For a great price.  Is it the BEST pizza in the world?  No.  It's GOOD pizza though, they way you want it, served piping hot/fresh, at an incredible price.  And then enjoy your pizza on the grass of cityscape, or in an outdoor chair, listening to the fountain or people watching.  It's as good as it gets in terms of VALUE.
5 Really good pizza. They have a bunch of options for crust but all are crispy thin crust and you can select each ingredient you want on it.  You can make it healthy too!
5 Fantastic. Pizza was GREAT, and I can't believe the price is only $6 for a pepperoni or other standard one or $8 for one with whatever you want.
5 I came here because i thought it was a cool concept and i heard that similar places existed in California. When i found out that this place opened up across from my office i thought i would give it a try. It was amazing. I got a custom pizza and loaded up the veggies. It was huge. Enough to share but just right to be filled until dinner time. Everything was fresh and everything tasted great. I would definitely come again.
3 Play the artist and create your own pizza masterpiece...Custom designed 11" pizza for only $7.99 with as many, or few toppings as you desire, including premium ingredients like feta, goat cheese, artichokes, Kalamata olives and more....At no extra charge, including your choice of crusts.  They also have pre-designed "Starving Artist" selections for only $5.99.  Being the "new kid on the block" the concept of designing your own pizza has caught on and this is one of two chains opening in the Phoenix area.  Convenience-wise this place is in a prime location and already has lines out the door at times.  On my way back to the office, I grabbed a custom vegetarian pizza on a rosemary crust, to share with my co-workers.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the resulting pizza was enjoyed by all, however the crust was a disappointment.  First, there was no discernible rosemary taste. Secondly, they cooked the pizza on a pan through a conveyor-belt oven, which left the bottom of the crust too soft for a pizza this thin.  Other similar chains are using fired ovens to cook your creations resulting in a crisper, tastier crust.  All in all, the design your own pizza at a low price makes it worth working this place into a rotation if you are in the area and/or on a budget.  But seeing Phoenix is one of the "Top 10 Pizza Cities in America" (Tripadvisor), there are far better pies to be found in the city.
4 I work downtown and I'm a very picky eater. In fact, I don't like pizza. Let's just say that I have a short list of places where I am willing to eat. This place recently opened and my coworkers and I made plans to check it out together. To my surprise I have a place to add to my list. DELICIOUS.  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 was stars was due to chaos. With this place being new, they haven't really gotten the "flow" down. There are several stations that can help take your order but it's hard to realize that's what's going on. There are people back and forth all over the place trying to figure it all out, customers and employees. There is also not a good place to wait while they cook your pizza so everyone in passing is jamming through the people waiting.   Anyhow, let's talk food. You can order on of their predetermined pizzas for a few bucks less that the "make your own". Spend your few bucks people because they have CHOICES!. Four crusts, just as many sauces and cheeses, and piles of toppings. They even have some after items like balsamic glaze. I had gotten the rosemary crust with tomato and pesto sauce. I piled it high with things like artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, and caramelized onions. I did also go for that balsamic glaze at the end. It was all sorts of interesting and great toppings that it was almost not like pizza.   I'm sure this place will get better as the workforce and its customer base get better at the ordering processes. I would definitely say that if you work downtown this is a definite "add to the rotation" place.
4 Great new concept in Cityscape!  We stopped by for lunch on Friday and were quite impressed. I love the make your own pizza concept and see that many others in the neighborhood do too.  We split an Island pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it - nice atmosphere, friendly staff, great prices and good food.  What more can you want?
5 Quite frankly we weren't expecting too much from this place but we were very impressed with our pizzas. For $7.99 you can create your pizza, it's like ordering a sub from Subway. You chose the crust, the sauce, the cheeses, and the toppings (as much as like)! What a novel concept. It doesn't take long before you are served your pipping hot pizza. Everything was so flavorful starting from the thin crust to the toppings, even the roasted corn was tasty. We'll definitely be back.
5 This place was fast and delicious! Try accommodated 15 people during the lunch hour rush- all of our pizzas were fresh and delicious- thx pizza studio!
4 Excellent gluten free choice! Fast and yummy!
4 New restaurant at city scape. First time here, I just happened to run into it coming out UO. This is my second go-round. Built my own pizza with their whole grain and flax seed crust with EVOO, feta and goat cheeses, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and chicken. Nice and healthy lunch alternative. And not too crowded like most places downtown during the lunch rush, but I'm sure that will change.
4 Nice snack pizza. Fresh ingredients, nice thin herb crust. Although my pizza maker could have given me enough toppings to fill my pizza a little better, the flavor was there and the price is right!
5 Great food. Come to North Phx Ill eat their everyday!
4 Cheap, fast and yummy!! Love this place. Been here prolly about 1/2 dozen times. I like their "Starving Artist" menu...$5.99. I either get the Veggie, Island, or Margherita...Love them all. They do have a "build it yourself" for $7.99, but I'm fine with the $5.99 pizzas. They have salad with house dressing for $2.99 and I Pepsi products. (blak!..LOL). It's not gourmet, and I'm fine with it. Perfect for a quick bite at lunchtime!!
4 Good fast pizza.  Inexpensive for "fast food" that's decent.   Whole grain flaxseed crust covered in vegetables (Caramelized onions, roasted peppers, brocolini, tomatoes, zucchini)
4 The theme is pretty hip and cool, if you will. Place is nice and clean with a bunch of friendly workers. There are plenty of options to choose from as far as what type of pizza you would like. It's similar to subway where you go through the line and can indicate what you would like on your pie. You can also pick a pizza with pre - determined ingredients if it's not one of those thinking days. I got the 11" island pizza and it was pretty good. The place was very busy but the order came out pretty quick (even with the line out the door, I was still able to order and eat in under 25 min). I also got a side salad for 2.99. I would not get the salad agian. It's not that the salad is bad, but it is nothing to write home about and the pizza is more than enough for a typical eater. I got a drink as well and the grand total was 10 bucks or so, a pretty good value. I would come back for sure.
5 Great pizza, amazingly low price, and nice people. They saved the last salad for me--that's about as much as I could ask for.
4 Pizza is just about the right size for a quick lunch, try the firecracker crust, not real spicy but has some taste to it. Only down side is crust is a little soggy for me, not a deal beaker but a little crisp to the bottom would be better.  Neat idea and pretty tastey all the way around.
5 A Quick Stop For Delicious Pizza...  The next time you're on your way to a sporting event or a concert in downtown Phoenix, Pizza Studio is a brilliant choice.  Thin crispy crust -- choices choices!  With your choice of 5 uniquely flavored crusts as your canvas... here's your chance to tap into your inner artist.  If you like a little kick in the pants, go for the Firecracker crust -- made with crushed red peppers. The rosemary herb crust offers an earthy balance. Or the Whole Grain & Flax Seed for a healthy omega boost. Lastly, it's hard to find a Gluten-Free crust that doesn't resemble cardboard --- so I was pleasantly surprised when I could hardly tell the difference between the Gluten-Free and Traditional.  This ain't no Subway...  While the Pizza Studio concept is similar to Subway -- in that you choose your ingredients as you go through a line -- when it comes to ingredients, Pizza Studio really stands out. The toppings are all fresh, and they come from local farmers whenever possible. Roasted broccoli, corn, and red peppers... carmelized onions, and crumbled goat cheese... REALLY?   You won't find these kind of ingredients at any other "fast food" establishment.  Or leave it to the pros...  Maybe your creative juices aren't flowing, or maybe you're just plain "hangry" (angry-hungy). Take the simple route and enjoy one of the "Starving Artist Selections" -- they're perfectly awesome.  I loved the "white pizza" for example. A rosemary crust brushed with extra virgin olive oil and piled with sweet caramelized onions, roasted red peppers, kalamata olives, freshly grated mozzarella cheese and fresh arugula. I feel the need to "customize" things... (it's a sickness) so I added the turkey fennel sausage and pepperoncinis. POW! Just the kick I was looking for.  Rock on Pizza Studio... I approve!!  With food and love, -Ashley
3 The positives:  it is really fast, it is at City Scape, the thin crust makes you feel less guilty about eating pizza for lunch.  Much like Gadzooks, this is the latest company to copy the Chipotle fast casual concept.  They have starving artist pricing for a select number of pies, and if you want to mix it up and customize your pizza you have a huge number of toppings to choose from.  Good for either take out back to the office or for eating there.  One warning, if you don't care for extra oil on your pizza, ask them to hold the extra coating they put on the crust.  I found it to add more grease than flavor, but when you are craving a fast pizza (there's no Little Cesar's downtown anyway) this is worth a try when you don't have the time for Piazza Locale.   The negative: is that it's hard not to finish an entire pizza at lunch and no dessert offerings.
3 For about $7 you can get a quick pizza to order for one.  Interesting flavors, many options.  My first attempt was a bit salty (whole wheat with flax seed, pesto, mozz, all meats and truffle salt).    it is what it is, a hip quick pizza solution while downtown.  Nothing more, nothing less.
5 I love pizza. If I had to eat one food everyday for the rest of my life, pizza would be my choice! And for $8, Pizza Studio served up the best pie I ever tasted. I don't eat meat, so I put together a veggie masterpiece with tomatoes, mushrooms, mozzarella, caramelized onions, crushed garlic, olives and roasted red peppers topped with goat cheese and a pinch of truffle salt. The sauce was a blend of tomato and basil pesto on a firecracker crust. Service was fast and friendly even during the weekday lunch rush. I think I'm in love...
4 Stopped by for a quick bite to eat before the Dbacks game and was surprised by how cheap and delicious the pizza was! I will definitely be back for more and have already told some friend how good it was. The only thing is that I wish they served bottled beer or margs like chipotle...haha. But yeah make a stop, you wallet and tummy will be satisfied:) It was $5.99 for their regular topping pizzas and 7.99 for specialty ones. I had the Hawaiian pizza that was only $5.99!
5 I love this place. It's like the Chipotle of Pizza. You order what kind of bread you want (regular, wheat, gluten free and some others) and you pick your toppings and everything. I loved this place so much because I can't eat bread all of the time...and since they had gluten free options just made things so much more easy for me. I hope this place ends up in very major city in the country so I can enjoy it anywhere I go. It was awesome.
3 Fast service, friendly people,  pizza was OK nothing special taste kinda like pizza hut to be honest.  Good for a quick meal though
4 Stopped in here yesterday evening because I was curious as to the set-up since it looked identical to something I saw in Memphis. The service is moderate not fast, but the people are friendly and help you out. Everything is laid out in front of you which is dope... Loved the minced garlic and basil! $10 for an 11 inch pepperoni and bacon with drink, good bet I'll be back through here soon!
