5 This is review is solely on atmosphere and service. I will update with food later.  I have had the opportunity to stop by twice. Once during the setting up stages and the second on the 1st day the restaurant opened it's doors. 76 square feet of bar and table space. Food prepared by Jonny Chu this place definitely has a hip appeal. The decor, music and art work have a classy southeast Asian appeal. Very clean and comfortable feeling the moment you walk through the door. Greeted by the friendly hostess staff she was very welcoming for me to tour the establishment. I notice they have happy hour from 3-6pm and are open every day. I reviewed the menu and they have a variety of appealing items to choose from. This is just what this neighborhood needed. I have to say the menu has items for all types of taste buds. More than your typical Asian restaurant. For all you Pho lovers they have it on the menu. YEAH!   The price point is reasonable. Check back for my review on the food...
5 This restaurant is the answer to my wishes for my neighborhood! Excellent Pho, wife had the Basil Beef, loved it. Awesome decor, excellent service, killer cocktails! Cannot wait to explore more of the menu. Come try this place if you like Vietnamese, Thai, or Asian style eats in general. I wish them great success and we will be doing our part to support this eatery.
5 Beautiful interior, great staff, and  the owner makes you feel very welcome.  We went for happy hour, which is an awesome deal, 5.00 appetizers and drinks. We had the Ginger pork, Almond chicken, and edamame.   All were delicious and I will be going back to try the full menu. Hope this restaurant stays open a great many years.
5 Very tasty. I was also surprised by the vibe inside. The decor was chic, modern, and fun with a tasteful dj playing a variety of music. Come check it out, we will be back for sure. Great addition to the neighborhood.
5 Fantastic ambiance and food, I'm excited to have this place in my neighborhood....it feels like you live in a real city
5 Ambiance, decor, cleanliness, all above average, strip malls can often hide these little gems.  Only had one meal there so far - Pho with chicken.  Nice big bowls, place settings and large spoons a plus.  Service was excellent!  I want to go back soon and try some more stuff!!!
5 Hot and sour soup was amazing. Loved the atmosphere. I will definitely be back to work my way through the entire menu. Welcome to the neighborhood. A great addition.
4 I really enjoyed my first experience at Red Thai. My party had the potstickers, pad thai (extra spicy), yellow curryand the beef pho. All were tasty. I especially enjoyed the pho, which had a rich beef flavor and the thai iced tea martini.  The service was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and the place is really cool inside.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  I'm looking forward to trying lunch and happy hour there as well.  Bottom line, I will be back.  If after a few visits, the food is just as delicious,  I will up to 5 stars.  Check it out.
1 Does Johnny Chu know who's greeting his guests?  Took my wife and toddler tonight -- instantly given a dirty look when I asked if they had a high chair.  "You're looking at a 20-minute wait, at least" said the abrasive hostess. "Would you like to wait?"  "Yes, we've been looking forward to your restaurant opening. We live down the street! Why such a long wait? I see at least ten open tables..."  "Oh, it's part of our grand opening. All of these tables are reserved," said the hostess.  [thirty minutes elapse. DJ in the booth cranks techno mashups from his Macbook Pro. Japanese anime triple-projected on the white wall behind the bar]  I politely checked back in, and the hostess gave me attitude, again. In a demeaning tone..."another ten-to-fifteen minutes." I solicited for some basic empathy considering that we have a hungry, and increasingly ornery kid.  She repeats: "I said, another ten-to-fifteen minutes."  Half of the tables retain "reserved" status. We probably would have been finished with our meal by now. It was obvious we were not wanted. Especially after my daughter pitched her sippy cup on the concrete floor and got the stink-eye from the mixologist.  We drove to 19th ave and enjoyed a meal at one of our favorite, family-owned places -- Thai Lotus.   Johnny... WTF?
3 This review is an update on the food and experience. The restaurant is tasteful with upscale décor and art. Very clean inside and out. My first dining experience was "OK." This is a restaurant I would suggest not to go to for lunch time if your in a hurry. I arrived at the restaurant at 11:05 on the dot. I was greeted right away. My two friends and I sat in a booth in the middle of the restaurant. The cozy seating and place settings were another added charm to the nicely decorated restaurant. Intrigued by the lunch special my friends and I ordered the following. Chicken Pho for me, another friend ordered the Green Papaya Salad and the other friend ordered the Yellow Curry. No appetizers for any of us this time. My food did not arrive until 11:40. We were the second customers in the restaurant. I feel that our food was very simple it should not have taken this long. I will also mention the friend who ordered the Yellow Curry did not come until 10mins after we got our food. I did see two people come in for a carry out order along with a man place an order to go during this time. I think it is a timing issue. The restaurant being new I think they will get better on timing when they get use to the flow. The service was good and the waiter was tentative. My friends and I thought the food was pretty good. I am going to try them again to give them the benefit of the doubt. I am happy to see a nice classy thai place move in the area. This area needed it. I'm looking forward to a better experience next time around.
5 Johnny has done a great job, which was unsurprising to my husband and I who were long time Fate enthusiasts when we lived downtown.  We're glad to have Red Thai within walking distance now.   We ordered the Bo Luc Lac salad, a sesame chicken appetizer special, potstickers and Crispy Noodle Island.  Everything was cooked to perfection and delivered in a timely manner.  Our server was courteous and personable and the surroundings are very hip and fun.     Note to the wise: If the sesame chicken wings are a special when you go, I'd certainly recommend them!
5 I stopped in for lunch. I started with a Thai Tea. Enjoyed and savored it during my meal. I ordered the Almond Chicken starter and Pho Tai lunch special. I'm stuffed. I really enjoyed the Almond Chicken. Very crispy thin breading over perfectly cooked white meat chicken. The spicy sweet and sour sauce was a perfect match and an appropriate amount accompanied the dish to completely drench each bite.  Arriving just after I finished the Almond Chicken, the Pho Tai lunch portion was as big as any other bowl of Pho I have had. Super thin sliced sirloin beef, onions, scallions and accompanied with bean sprouts, fresh basil, sliced jalapeño, teriyaki sauce and sriracha sauce. Nothing out of the norm, just a solid flavorful Pho.  A good value as well.  Service was appropriately attentive and friendly.  I will be back to have both again and further explore the menu.
5 Excellent - individualistic chef owned, gratifying food, and uniquely designed.  Note: The best of plaza chic - if new to Phoenix you know that it takes awhile to grasp the gems in plazas...  I don't claim nor will I ever claim to be a competent food critic. However I am confident you won't regret, if a quick check of the menu intrigues you, a moment of the experience.
4 I've loved all of Johnny's restaurants! I'm so happy I have one in each cruising distance. Had the thai tea martini, fresh spring rolls, basil tofu! It was great! Loved the ambiance and Johnny was as charming as ever joining us and sharing some fun stories!
4 Came here for the first time last night and almost went back tonight for takeout! The nondescript exterior betrays the interior design. When I looked through the floor-to-ceiling windows, I was almost disappointed I couldn't go inside, but the I remembered I had a new patio spot (walking distance, yay) for my favorite companion to join me. The servers were very sweet and brought me a bowl of water for my pup while my friend and I previewed the drink menu. I ordered a cucumber infused martini, but was actually carded, and because I haven't replaced my license since losing it at O'hare's TSA, I was denied that service. Hey, at least they're being up and up on that, and I'll definitely be back in the future, with proof of age on hand (my dinner partner had a lot of fun at my expense at "getting carded").   The black dragon with shrimp was fantastic! The baby book choy was so fantastic I could have had a plate full of just that, but then again, the black bean sauce, the shrimp... Well I ate everything on the plate like a proper glutton. I will definitely be back, sooner than later, and may possibly become hypnotized by the projected anime films and the tempting cocktails. And I plan to eat my way through the entire menu. I'm so happy Johnny's in action in my neighborhood!
5 Great experience at this restaurant! We brought in my 18 month old daughter and weren't shown any of a the discouraging looks another reviewer experienced, but we did go in for dinner on a Monday and a little early (before the night crowd rush). The atmosphere was modern and chic without being pretentious.   The food was amazing and our waitress was beyond helpful!!!!  When ordering our entrees with tofu she automatically asked us if we were vegetarian or vegan. She was able to quickly outline all of the times that would be ok us (we're  vegan)  and also which ones could be modified to be. For vegans this is RARE and SO APPRECIATED!!! We definitely will be coming back for more.
4 Busy, upbeat atmosphere and good asian fusion menu. Fresh and served at the right temperature for the food being served.  Will do again!
3 Okay, this is an interesting place.  For me, location is great, and parking is also great (to me the less parking hassles the better as I hate a big to-do to get the night rolling).  This place works great for that.  The amazing large screen cinema and the ingenuity on that are worth a trip here if nothing more than to see something unique and interesting.   Creativity and boldness score high marks for me, as that is what I try to do in my legal practice.    The general ambience, cinema and the music create a nice experience.  The miso soup was really good, but unfortunately I cannot give my highest recommendation on the other dishes (as usuall with a new restaurants we sample several things our first time around).  The chicken and meat plates (I forget exactly what they were called) were not the best for me, and the wings were a little "gamey" (I actually wasn't even sure they were chicken).  At any rate, nothing ventured nothing gained.  To cut it short, I would go back, sit at the bar with my friends or clients and mark this as a great place to go catch up with old friends while enjoying the movie at the bar and music overlay.  The bar is suuuuuper looong in lenght and supper cool.    Again, my kudos goes out to the owner (who stopped by the table to say hi), and for turning a dead retail space into something amazing.  For me, it is a meet your friends/clients at the bar kinda place to get the night started or deal done.  For that reason alone, I am a fan.  They also have outside seating which scores points.  Keep up the good work.  I driove by tonight and saw a really packed crowd, so perhaps taste buds differ, and that is cool too.  A good crowd makes for a great time.  Have fun, and find your sizzle!  Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer. http://www.attorneysteve.net
5 Food was excellent (and reasonably priced): Had the Beef Thai soup (amazing), spicy wings, sweet potato fries and spicy basil tofu dish. Service was excellent. Décor is decidedly chic and reminded me of the hipper places in NYC.  Went on a Sunday evening @ 5PM. By the time we left, nearly all tables were full. Very mixed crowd - young, old, straight, gay, families, etc.  But the food I would go back for in a hot second.
1 My family and i are so disappointed with this restaurant and we didn't even get to try the food,  We were so excited for a new restaurant located near us that offer gluten free options. Our son has celiac and is 3 years old. Redthai advertises gluten free options and the phoenix new times has written great reviews in regards to the owner of this restaurant. We went to eat here tonight. Again, our son is only 3 so he isn't going to eat spicy chicken pad Thai and or curry chicken etc. we were told by two servers that the chef would not deviate from the menu. We asked if the chef Would make him grilled chicken and rice or grilled chicken and rice noodles. The servers still said that they would not Make it for our son. Are You kidding me? What chef would not be accomodating to a child with allergies. i guess we thought wrong about this new establishment. What a bad impression. My family and I are natives to central phoenix and we have been to many restaurants in the valley that are much more accommodating to our son and his needs and we have no reason to go back here. Obviously  We got up and left this restaurant knowing that  we would never return.
5 The atmosphere is very relaxing, beautiful artwork and a lovely mountain view beyond the parking lot along with the soothing Thai music makes this a wonderful place to relax and enjoy your food.  I tried the ginger peach tea and Pho Thai dish. The tea is nice and cold, it seems to work well with my dish.  The Pho Thai has beef and rice noodles in a soup form that reminds me vaguely of ramen. It's gluten free since the noodles are a rice noodle, there are scallions and onions in it and it comes with a side dish that contains bean sprouts, a few jalapeño slices, some herbs and a spicy sauce dish that you can choose from to add to your soup.  It was delicious and a huge bowl so I ended up taking more than half of it home.   This was on the lunch menu so it was $8 for the soup, a great deal for the amount of food! I'm definitely coming back and bringing friends.
2 This is a neighborhood Thai restaurant, locally owned. As such I was eager to try the classic neighborhood Thai restaurant tradition....TAKEOUT! You can imagine my surprise when they refuse to let you take out anything off the lunch menu. What?! You have to order off the much more expensive dinner menu. So Pad Thai noodles for $7.98 on the lunch menu was not available to me. So I had to pay $11.98. That is insane. Just a warning if you're thinking about take-out.
5 We are having such a great time working our way through the menus at Red Thai.  They're just down the street, and having a Thai restaurant this close is like finding your favorite ride at Disneyland without a LINE!  We try to go at least twice a week.  Last night we had the Red Thai Tofu and Orange Puff Chicken for apps.  They are amazing!  The tofu is flash-fried so it has a texture almost like French Toast.  I'm not always a fan of tofu, but this stuff (and the two sauces that go with) are the bomb!  For dinner we had Spicy Red Curry and the Crispy Noodles.  I asked for extra chicken on my curry and it was no problem.  Sitting at the bar we entertain ourselves by watching the anime projected on the walls and chatting with the staff there.  Johnny, Linda, Chris, and Josie are so much fun to relax with.  Congratulations on your new restaurant!  From the soft open to the grand opening, we are loving this place and the people that make it work.  I see that a couple people have had less than perfect experiences here, but this isn't Panda Express.  This is an experience.  Trust the menu, trust the chef, and trust that you will not be disappointed.
5 Yum!  I have to admit I was skeptical with regards to the location -- sandwiched between a 99 cent store and a hardware store, my expectations were not high.  However, once I entered this gem, I dropped all preconceived notions of a strip-mall restaurant and dug in.    The food was excellent, fresh and HUGE.  I enjoyed the tofu spring rolls and the Pho Ga, which I could definitely not finish due to its size, but took it home with me to enjoy for lunch the next day.  The price is definitely right, and I'm sure the happy hour specials are even more impressive.  I am already planning my next visit.
3 While I would give this place 5 stars for food/happy hour(try a martini), the service was not the greatest. I've been a couple times for happy hour and our bartender the first time(guy) was very friendly and knowledgeable. The second time however, the bartender(girl) acted like we were an inconvenience. She took a while to take our order despite being one of the only groups in the bar area then didn't ask if we wanted to order food or another drink. She took down the happy hour menus 15 before happy hour was over...as people were walking in and sitting at the bar. The hostess should wear a little more clothing and act somewhat happy to be there...I mean, she is greating people. I look forward to trying this place again, hopefully will have a better experience..  *side note- they really need to clean the Windows!
2 Food is excellent, service and management is poor.  Had been there with my husband when it first opened & had a great experience.  I decided to take my running group there  yesterday & we were greeted with a perplexed stare when I said there would be 12 of us dining (the restaurant was pretty empty on a tuesday night).  We were told by server that if we were paying with multiple credit cards each credit card would incur a $2 split check fee, but that individuals paying cash would not.  We weren't happy about it, but said 'oh well'.  Food took a long time, but everyone agreed that it was worth the wait.  When bill came, every person was charged a $2 split check fee, even the 4 people who paid cash!  The server apologized and said that her manager said it's their policy and it could not be waived.  She felt bad & said that we could take it out of her tip if we wanted (we didn't of course).  Needless to say, I will never take a group there again!  It's bad business to charge a split check fee and discourages groups from dining at your restaurant.  Please get with the times.  We don't need to know the finances behind your credit card reader...if it's hurting your bottom line, find a different credit card processor or increase your entree prices by one or two dollars.
5 So glad this place is just down the street! For my first trip I stuck with the basics... Martini - at $10 a bit pricy but well made! Shrimp Spring Rolls - the house Red Thai sauce was fantastic Tofu and Chicken Pad Thai - truly the best I have ever had. Now I can't wait to work my way down the menu!
5 We LOVE this place! Food is amazing and the atmosphere is perfect!  The crispy noodles are a must have as are the goat cheese filled wontons with strawberries. We not only go there and sit but also pick it up to go.
4 Johnny Chu does not disappoint when it comes to creating hip atmospheres and delicious food. I was excited when Red Thai opened as it is close to my house, and I know he always does great happy hour specials. I have been here a few times now and some of my favorites are the truffled edamae, chicken lollipops with black peper sauce, wings and the house dynamite.  They have great martinis and asahi on draft.   Did I mention they have happy hour every day!!! There is a long bar that runs the length of the resturaunt so finding a seat has never been difficult. They have never been very busy when I have been in, but hopefully as they age that will change. Also I cannot to try Shabu Fondue when it opens next door.
4 Good food. Loved the truffle Edemame. Just don't sit in a booth.  The backs move.
4 This is a great spot! So happy it's just a mile down the street from my casa. Cool vibe, not too crowded, cute little patio area.  Food:  The chili chicken wings are to die for! I am already craving them again...the sauce is on point.  I had the Thai Pho. SO GOOD! The spicy lemongrass broth is so delicous and the perfect amount of heat. The beef was sliced thin and tasted delicious, just wish there was a little more of it.  My BF had the Kobe pho and he seemed to really like that as well.   The price is right and the service is pretty good. We will certainly be back to try more of the menu
1 We were excited to try this new restaurant so close to our house, what a complete disappointment it turned out to be! It started out fairly decent and took a very quick turn.  First , the menu they handed me was so dirty it was disgusting to touch it had dried food all over it. Their water tasted like chlorine and they don't have too many options on beverages unless you're drinking alcohol, they don't even have fresh brewed iced tea of any type there. The two female Asian managers or owners were arguing about another customers meal that was sent back because they didn't like it. they then decided to make the people eat those plates anyway... Obviously the other customers refused asked for their check and left abruptly. It was awkward that it happened in front of all of the customers in the restaurant. When ordering food it was very difficult apparently the cook in the kitchen does not like to make any substitutions or eliminate an ingredient if somebody is allergic to it so basically you get whatever he feels like making. I ordered a salad and asked for the dressing on the side because I do not like very much dressing on my salads and apparently nobody is allowed to order their salads like that in the restaurant you have to have the dressing on the salad because apparently it's the only way the salad tastes correct.  It seems the waitress was more interested in pleasing the kitchen cooks then pleasing the customers.  Our orange puff chicken appetizer was totally disgusting and had no flavor at all we did not eat it One of the dishes we ordered came out incorrectly after how strongly the waitress stood by with the cook puts in things it was still wrong. So basically we got an appetizer and two meals we did not eat any of it they did not care they did not offer to take it off of our bill or help us in any kind of way.  I got the vibe that the two Asian managers spend most of their time bad mouthing their customers. I will make sure to never eat at any of the other establishments that this man owns. A truly horrible dining out experience!!
5 Amazing Thai food and service is amazing.   Sit at the bar and have Chris Heflin serve you.   Fun friendly and a great bartender,  oh yah  pretty hot too. Happy hour special is perfect.  Try the crispy noodle island wow.  Linda is by far the best.  We love her.  Thank you for having red thai in the hood
5 All the food we ordered were perfection. And the full bar was nice too. That and the helpful staff made this my most favorite spot for Asian food from now on.
5 Great ambiance! Not too noisy that you can't hear across the table but good mix of  music with DJ. Food is incredible!  Chicken Pad Thai was delicious, the Spicy Basil with beef was amazing (sweet basil flavor and just the right amount of spice) and the Pineapple Fried Rice with shrimp was so good and had a subtle taste of curry. Now for fried wonton dessert!  Food was served quickly and the service was great! It's not a huge restaurant but has a lively vibe and long bar with lots of seating.
3 Visited Red Thai for the second time last night (on my first visit, I left after sitting at the bar for 15 min and not one of the 5 people behind the bar waited on me - lame). The service was again spotty, one of the bartenders asked the couple next to me 5 times how they were doing and not once asked me but yet loudly yelled "have a good day" to me as I was leaving. It was weird. The bartender that waited on me was nice.   Good happy hour menu. The martini of the day is a terrific value and was pretty tasty.   The truffle edamame were delish and the pork pot stickers were also delish but the sauce that comes with the pot stickers was amazing! Also had the crispy noodle island - really good!  I love that it's so close to my house but don't know if I'll return. Maybe if I don't go alone I'll have better service...
5 (Lyrics The Rolling Stones - Paint It Black)  I see the Red Thai and I want to try it out So many options I want to eat them all I see Chef Chu walk by dressed in his kitchen clothes I have to try the shrimp and some more eggrolls   I see a line of peeps and they're here for Red Thai With mixed drinks and a beer, both always worth a come back I start to Bo Bite and quickly rate away Unlike a newbie Yelper I just Bo Bite everyday   Local celebrity Chef Johnny Chu's Red Thai is a new restaurant offering up Vietnamese and Thai fusion food.  As you walk towards the restaurant, you'll notice his signature night light theme; violet, bold red, and let's not forget statue of Buddha!  As I walked into the main room, first thing I notice was Anime movies playing across the walls behind the bar.  The wall is literally the screen projector.  Overall, the place gave off a nice vibe and energy!  I came here with a group and as we ordered our drinks and we couldn't wait to be seated to order some bites!  We started off with some appetizers; Spicy Mint Shrimp, Thai Fried Chicken, Saigon Egg Rolls.  All sounds pretty exotic and it was.  I have to proclaim this; I love the Spicy Mint Shrimp!  I could eat that sauce with rice any day and any time!  Spicy indeed, while the onions and mint gave it a pungent aroma along with some texture!  The Thai Fried Chicken was good and crispy and cooked to perfection; the way it should be! The Saigon Eggs Rolls was a nice compliment to finalize our appetizer round; nice and crunchy along with a refreshing papaya salad.    Moving on to the entree we ordered the Sweet Ginger Fish.  The Thai ginger sauce was definitely sweet and it was glazed over chunks of breaded fish.  Overall, I liked it, but not as much as my appetizers.  The sauce was okay, but I would have liked to see the entire fish fried and battered then glazed with the sauce.  I think I'm an old school Asian that can appreciate that sort of presentation. - Enjoy!
4 I was glad to see what I thought was a new Thai restaurant in the neighborhood. The Thai food options are a little limited with standards like Tom Yum Soup, Thai Beef Salad and Pad See Yew missing from the menu. Noted under it's name is the description "southeast asian kitchen." There are some clearly Chinese choices like Pork Pot Stickers and Sizzling Green Bean(s),  as well as Vietnamese Pho and Bun Bo. But there are also some less Asian sounding at least dishes like Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken Lollipops. They have made an obvious attempt to make this place a little more "hip" by including a huge bar and some upgraded interior design ideas versus your normal Asian decor. It seemed funny that with the enormity of the bar, we were never offered any alcoholic beverages or anything other than water for that matter. We started with the Shrimp Spring Rolls (fresh not fried) and were well pleased. The dipping sauce was spicy, sweet and had a hint of sour. Yummy! My wife had the Thai Salad with tofu and was pleased with her choice. According to her, it was spicy and she enjoyed it. I opted for the Yellow Curry with chicken and I too was pleased. The curry was the right amount of spicy and was full of ingredients that you don't normally get above the standard potatoes, onions and carrots. Mine also had baby corn, sweet potatoes, pineapple, snow peas and green bell peppers. I thought the sweet potatoes instead of regular potatoes was a great choice. There was no dessert menu, but our server told us that they had Goat & Cream Cheese wontons with Strawberry puree and sprinkled with powdered sugar or Strawberry Cheesecake. No brainer right? The wontons were excellent. BUT, you only get two wontons just larger than a quarter for $5.00? Really? Although I'm not sure that Red Thai will ever be able to utilize it's ginormous bar, I hope that they will concentrate on refining the menu and ultimately improve. I know restaurant openings can be cumbersome and fret with "bugs" but I sincerely hope they will iron out the kinks and remain a viable option. I think cutting the bar way down and adding some additional seating would help the process immensely. (see pics)
3 There was no wait for me because I met a party down there and it was about 4:45 so the place was empty. Sat down, ordered a water and started talking with my friends.  Waiter comes by and I order potstickers and edamame to start with. (my usual apps in any asian restaurant) The waiter says right off the bat, "There's a $2 sharing fee" I'm like, "Seriously? On appetizers?" He shook his head and laughed, "No just the entrees." This place must really have an issue with that so the staff must be trained to say that but slow your roll, I was just ordering appetizers bruh.  The potstickers weren't anything special...could have fried up some that were from the frozen bag and they would've tasted the same! Hate that they provide an odd number of potstickers. Doesn't make any sense at all and causes nothing by frustration.   The truffle edamame was pretty addicted but, in the end, a little too "garlicky" for my taste. It was a big hit for the table so at least none of us were embaressed about garlic breath. :)  I ended up ordering the Crispy Noodle Island. It's a cool concept having crunchy noodles with the veggies and sauce softening the noodles. The problem was that there was too much sauce! Like WAY too much. The menu also failed to mention there were bamboo shoots in them...eww (it's a texture thing) Not quite sure what my boyfriend ordered but he was thrilled about it either.  Best part was dessert! Cream cheese/goat cheese wontons with strawberry sauce! So freakin good!! Loved it!  It's was neat that they were playing anime in the background but I would've really enjoyed if they were able to play some Sailor Moon...especially because it's on Hulu now :3  The price was decent! $40 for 2 apps, 2 entrees, dessert tax and tip! I still wouldn't come back for food but probably drinks and dessert so meh...
4 Amazing little place you would never expect in a strip mall. I took my daughter with me for a quick bite and we had the incredible shrimp spring rolls and orange puffs (chicken). For my entree, I had the ginger mint duck salad. While it was pretty tasty, it was really lacking in duck and the pieces were small and mixed in.  Next time, I'll try something other than the duck salad, but overall great place and will be back!
5 Where to begin. Walking in is almost overwhelming (in a good way)- very cool! Anime playing on the wall behind bar running the length of the restaurant, a huge mural painting on the back wall, buddha statue at the entrance. Who knew such a hip restaurant could be in our neighborhood in this little strip mall?!  The food lived up to how awesome the restaurant looks. We had the egg rolls, spring rolls, chicken lollipops and the pad thai. Everything was on point. The egg rolls are mini which makes them very crisp and tasty. The shrimp spring rolls were very fresh and the pad thai was done very well without being greasy at all. My favorite, though, were the chicken lollipops. They are what I would call sophisticated chicken wings. Sweet but not too sweet, some spice, really good quality chicken, and just a little messy.  We will be back and I hope everyone in the neighborhood supports this place because it's a true gem.
3 I went there for lunch with a client.    It's only been open a few months, and I know of a few people who have gone for happy hour and dinner and all have been impressed with all of it.    I've eaten at Johny Chu's other restaurant, Sochu, so was anxious to give this place a try as well.    I had the red Thai chicken curry.    The perfect hotness for how I like Thai chicken curry.   The gravy was perfectly seasoned and had the right consistency.   The veggies in the dish were great.   The chicken, well, this is what keeps me from giving it another star.    It had no flavoring and, in fact, I thought it was boiled.    I think it would benefit greatly from some kind of seasoning when cooking the chicken and maybe fry it versus however they cook it.    My client had the pad thai.     I tasted it.    I must admit, it is not a dish I would order.     It was good, but I have nothing to compare it with, so I guess I can't really give it a rating.    I have heard the happy hour and the dinners are wonderful, so I shall be going there for those events as well.   Yes, i would definitely return.
5 The moment you walk in you think to yourself. .. where am I!? Is this place really here?  The ambiance is beyond FABULOUS!  FINALLY good Thai food in this area.  All the food is fresh and tasty.  Everything is bursting with full flavor, and Great staff. Thank you Chef Chu for bringing this wonderful jem to this location.  Looking forward to your fondue place to open up! =D
5 We were a bit nervous based on the location. Once inside, we were sold!  Great vibe!  Great pho and fried tofu. My parents and children loved it! Take an adventure night out here and you won't be disappointed.
2 Sad to say my first experience here was not good. Always looking for good restaurants in the area.  Ordered carry out, they forgot to put rice in bag for order.  Ordered  House Dynamite with chicken--chicken extremely dry, didn't even eat it-- it was that bad. One friend ordered 1/2 chicken appetizer--she wasn't happy either.   However, my friend who ordered soup said her soup was good, so maybe okay if you stick with the soup.
1 Eek! Me thinks not. The lady bartender was so rude....we left.
1 Really wanted to order takeout,  as I've wanted to try this place since they opened...... But ended up ordering elsewhere as there is no readable menu posted.... Fail
5 Ecstatic that restauranteur Johnny Chu and his wife have opened a restaurant in this North Central Phoenix plaza - EDGY, HOT, BIG CITY (like SF or NYC) VIBE with YUMMY FRESH FOOD. The cool factor is almost underground and it was a Monday night in June!  Pad Thai was the perfect amount of heat, fresh and healthy portion.  Fried rice was delicious and the veggies with tofu (Dragon something) was also delicious. The bar top is a plenty and ready to accommodate and satisfy at least 15 lucky patrons with the fun or classic libations available.  I look forward to supporting and taking advantage of this hidden gem ... you should too before it explodes in popularity!
5 I've eaten here a few times and two thumbs up every time ! Staff is really friendly as well and HH and Lunch specials are awesome! Kid friendly too :)
5 I've been to Red Thai many time and have never had a bad meal. I have tried everything on the menu, minus seafood dished. The food is very well prepared and the flavors compliment everything in the dish. My favorites are the Black Dragon, and Red Thai Tofu, Sizzling Green Beans, House Dynamite, Pad Thai, and Bo Luc Lac salad. There is also a great happy hour with great martinis. The atmosphere with anime and music is a perfect blend. So happy to have this restaurant in our neighborhood and love this place!
3 First my only complaint - there is no baby changing table in the women's restroom. So I had to change my baby's diaper on the floor of the bathroom which was really gross to me. But at least it looked clean. But this will likely result in us not coming back unfortunately.   This place is more fusion than traditional thai. The martinis were good. Very interesting and entertaining descriptions. The have awesome cucumber water instead of plain water. Had the spicy red curry and it had a good spice to it. My husband had the pad thai and enjoyed it.   My husband's complaint was that his beer (IPA) on Draft was warm. I tried it and agreed that it should have been colder.   Overall it's a cool space and you don't feel like you are in a strip mall when inside. The food was good. Just please get a baby changing station installed!
2 Overrated hipster joint. Looks cool but food just doesn't cut it for the price. Medium quality, tiny portions.  No iced tea, which was a shock. The service was so-so. Very loud inside, and hard to have a conversation. We won't be back. Too bad, because I was excited to have a thai restaurant move into the neighborhood.
1 The food was HORRIBLE. The service was terrible. My waitress might have even been high. I asked her for soy sauce and sriracha... she said they may not have them. In a Asian restaurant... are you kidding? I will never go back.
3 I had been looking forward to trying Red Thai for a long time. I am a fan of Sochu House and Tien Wong.... unfortunately, this was essentially Sochu House. The menus have a lot of the same dishes... the difference? I live right near Sochu House and fairly far from here. I just wish if they were going to have two of the same restaurant, they would just call them the same thing... or at least have a website (I couldn't find one when I was looking) so I could've seen their lunch menu. Anyway, the food was good, I enjoyed it, but it wasn't Thai food (which was what I wanted). Anyway, if you live close to here, go here... if you don't, you may as well just go to Sochu House.   PS this place doesn't have the best sochu item... the soup dumplings.  PPS The service was friendly PPPS This place has a weirdly long bar that is against a large plain white wall.... it looks sort of unfinished.
4 Okay.     Following my review for lunch, I've been here a couple of times for their happy hour cause some friends were raving about it, plus, it's fairly close.   I've had the truffles edamame,  the almond chicken, pork pot stickers, and the orange puff.    You must absolutely try the truffles edamame.   A tasty mixture of spices are added to the truffle oil and the flavors pop in one's mouth.   The sauces for the pot stickers and the almond chicken are on the mark.   The martinis of the day were the mango, which I changed from being made with gin to vodka, since I enjoy vodka more than gin, and I'm glad I changed.   It wasn't too sweet, and had just a hint of ginger.  I don't like my drinks too sweet.   Yummm!!  The martini of the day, the prior day, unfortunately, I can't remember the name.    All I remember is it was pink.   Sorry!   Our HH server/bartender the first time was Chase, and the second time Diana, whose Vietnamese name is My Lien.   Why she goes by "Diana" is beyond me.    She is actually a school teacher, and this is her summer job.   Too bad she can't work there all year.    Diana is especially nice, friendly and helpful.     I asked Johnny if the food is fried in peanut oil, since both of my children are allergic to nuts.     He said no, since a lot of people have a nut intolerance/allergy.   I think he said they used olive oil, but I can't remember.   So that's a good thing, not using the peanut oil for frying.  I would go back.   The only thing that bothers me, is when I am with nonAsian friends, Johnny (the owner) totally ignores me when we are having a conversation.    Should that bother me?    Dunno.     I wasn't the only one who noticed that.    Just saying. ...
2 My fiance and I tried Red Thai last night (Saturday) for dinner.  We walked in and were seated right away at a table.  Our initial impression is that the music is way too loud, the anime on two enormous screens is kind of weird, and the oddly long bar actually seemed to have more seating then the restaurant.  The bar goes the entire length of the restaurant with at least 30-40 seats (maybe more).  We were there from 8:00 - 9:00 on a Saturday night.  Every table and booth was taken with restaurant guests, but there were only 3 people at the entire bar when we got there - which dwindled down to one lone guest at the bar who looked to be waiting for their take-out order to be prepared.  On to the ordering.  Our waitress was adequate, but nothing special in terms of service.  We asked for ice tea and were told they don't have any kind other than bottled ice tea - which were both sweetened.  So, we declined and stuck with water.  My fiance ordered the special of the night - which was an udon dish with shrimp.  I asked the waitress what she recommended for a first timer there.  She  asked me if I like spicy food.  I said that I did, so she recommended the pad thai, so I ordered chicken pad thai.  We also ordered an appetizer of coconut shrimp.  The coconut shrimp came fairly quickly and it was excellent.  The two dipping sauces were different from what is normally served with coconut shrimp, but they were both quite tasty.  My fiance's udon dish came out next.  We thought my pad thai would be following quickly behind.  It wasn't.  We noticed several other tables near us in the same predicament - one guest with a hot dish served while the other guests (or guests) were waiting.  So, while several dishes were sitting there getting cold, other guests were stuck waiting.  And it wasn't just a minute or two.  My dish took a full 7 additional minutes to come out.  Other guests also seemed to be annoyed and kept looking over at our table.  When my pad thai finally did arrive, it was delicious.  However, my fiance's udon dish was served with tail-on shrimp.  Now, keep in mind this is a  very saucy dish.  Does the chef expect people to fish the shrimp out of the sauce, and then carefully cut off the tail on the narrow rim of the bowl?  Come on.  It was ridiculous.  In addition, cutting the shrimp left an unsightly mess along the bowl rim.  Ugh.  When the waitress came by to check on us, I asked her how the chef anticipated people to eat the tail-on shrimp in this dish.  She said, "I don't really know.  It's just how he does it."  So, while the food was tasty, there were problems with this restaurant.  They appear to be trying too hard to be something that they're not.  This isn't the Biltmore area.  This is a strip center restaurant between the Ace Hardware and the 99 Cent Store.  The service was marginal and the timing of our meals out of the kitchen was not acceptable.  When we asked about the tail-on shrimp, that would have clued in any experienced server that there was a problem.  This waitress practically chastised us for questioning the chef's decision.  For these reasons, you've been chopped.
4 I had a great dinner here on a night when I had a serious noodle soup craving. Everyone I went with loved their meal as well. The papaya salad is fantastic! It's full of herbs and a really sweet dressing. I might make this my new Sunday night dinner spot. The atmosphere is also really unique.
4 They have great lunch specials.  The food was absolutely delicious!  My friends and I each ordered a dish and shared because we wanted to try more of the dishes.  We ordered Thai Salad, Chicken Pad Thai and Black Dragon with beef.  They were all delicious!  Besides the food, the service was great, nice relaxing atmosphere and the décor was really fun.  Love the art work and the layout of the restaurant.  We did take To Go menus and if there was anything negative to review it was that if you were to order a lunch dish to go, the price was considerably higher.
3 Came in here for dinner one night. I like the place, it's got a good vibe and my beef stir fry was good but nothing to write home about. I suppose by Arizona standards, where crap ethnic food is the norm, Red Thai manages to stand out as one of the better options for Asian cuisine in the area. But if you come from L.A., San Fran, New York, etc. you're bound to be disappointed as you've been by many other Asian establishments in The Valley.   I REALLY like the bar. It is the stand out feature of the place and I think it's a shame that they close so early because I think they could do a decent business later at night with the bar crowd. I know it's a little isolated but other than North Central Sports Bar, there really is no other place nearby to catch a drink and I think these guys are missing out but not staying open later.  I would certainly be open to coming in again. If they stayed open later I would be a in a lot for drinks and late night munchies.
