4 I am so happy to see another coffee shop in downtown mesa! I popped inside for an Americano, and it was very good. Very smooth and not bitter. The 12oz had two shots of espresso and was around $2.45 including tax.  They had several baked items for sale too, which I was told were homemade.  I'll be back!!
5 Cute coffee shop! Come see this little gem, micro roasters and creative coffee assemblies. Pool table and bar top seating. Try the dirty chai! Highly recommend it! There are sweet and salty little toffee bits at the bottom! Yummy over ice! It would be a cool spot for local art or open mic's.
4 I came to Mesa from Los Angeles to work the Spark Music and Arts Festival. Admittedly so, I am a bit of a coffee snob, as I was a barista for 2 years. The Lost Dutchman was right across the street from the Mesa Art Center so I figured "might as well, anything is better than starbucks." This place thoroughly impressed me. From the Esspresso machine and the time they put into making a proper drink i could tell they cared about providing a quality Product, and at a reasonable price. Definitely try the tomato bacon spinach panini. Iced americano was delicious as well. Overall great place!  The fact they do not use soy products is great, I would like to see them try to use more organic, less Artificially sweet  flavoring to add to the flavor of their coffee versus taking away from the rich tones of a good bean and brew. Less is more!
5 I am very pleased with this new spot! I've been a few times, the service is consistent: friendly and quick. It doesn't hurt that the prices aren't bad either.   The cold press is amazing, I have made this my new go-to during the week. Haven't tried the food yet, but always looks delicious.   I've seen a couple businesses come in and out of that shop since I've worked downtown but I have high hopes for this place & definitely recommend trying it.
5 A perfect little spot to teach my 5th old to read.  When mommy and daughter have a Yummie drink in hand, and a snack, we are all smiles.  I'm quite pleased I could get my perfect drink so close to home.
5 Stopped by there this morning and got an iced caramel macchiato with almond milk.  I also got a chocolate covered coffee been with my coffee too for free.  Prices are great and pastry prices can't be beat.  Got a cranberry orange scone and it tasted pretty fresh.  Excellent coffee and very nice interior/atmosphere.  Surprised it wasn't much more packed.  Server was very friendly and professional. I live nearby and work from home frequently so can see myself coming here often.  Hope business picks up more so they stick around; that building has seen many tenants.
4 The barista was very friendly and had great suggestions on what to eat & drink (it was my first time going so I wanted inside info).  I met wonderful people while there, performers who invited me to the Mesa Center for the Arts for a show that night.    Great location, great experience!  Oh, and the Yelp listing said dogs were allowed, so I brought my fur-baby and she was a huge hit!  Extra bonus points for that.  B-)
5 This is a cool place to sit and enjoy a cup of coffee.  They roast and sell their own coffee so it does not get any fresher than this. The place is cool with a great combination of A/C and ceiling fans that makes you feel more "outside" in a good way! The coffee was great and there is even a pool table (needs a coin though).
1 NOT WHEELCHAIR FRIENDLY!!!  Casual looking place and smells great.  NO low tables unless you want to sit outside and bake.  Terrible over sight on the part of the owners.
5 I had the absolute best Triple, almond milk latte I've ever had!  I can't stop reacting after every sip!  The espresso is so rich and earthy!  I work close so I'll be back soon!  If your in downtown Mesa, it's a must stop!
