3 Hello Brass Tap!! This place just opened in the Mesa Riverview plaza, over by Toby Keith's. If you are a beer person, here is a new place to visit! Over 300 different beers to choose from! Did I just say 300!!! Yes!!! That many!!  I personally cant drink beer, but all my friends love it, so we ended up meeting here for my friends bday! Each of them enjoyed the large selection and were able to try a lot of beers they have never had before. While they were busy getting their drink on, I of course had to try the food! Their food menu is a little small (compared to having a choice of 300 different beers to drink, but hey its a beer bar) I went ahead and ordered the Pepperoni Peppadew Pretzel Pizza! Goodness gracious this pizza was delicious! The pretzel dough bread wasn't too thick to where your pizza was all bread and it had a great buttery/seasoned taste to it. The tomato sauce had a nice spice and the sweet peppers on top of the pizza along with the pepperoni, brought out a taste I have never had on a pizza before! It was delicious! These ingredients altogether made a really great pizza. The 7 1/2" pizza was in my belly in about 2 minutes!  We came here on opening night, so the service wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't terrible. Opening night is always going to be a little hectic and stressful! I think the staff did a decent job though. Our waitress said they didn't have the flights for the beer taste testers yet, so she had to bring them by hand and it seemed like each time she mixed up the samples, so we didn't know which beer was which. So once they get those in, im sure that will get better. You are a beer bar though, you should have had those ready!! The service was also a little slow, but the bar was packed so you cant get too upset. The girls were running around trying to take care of everyone as best as they could.  This place is very relaxed, chill and on the small side. If you are looking to just enjoy an evening of beers, good friends and conversation, this is the place! No loud music, dancing or craziness. Over-all 3 stars for this new place as an A-OK! Gotta work out some of the little kinks and things will be better! Keep it up! Im sure I will be back!  *My friends votes are in and they say to try the Historic Deer Lord and the Petrus Aged Red beers! Cheers everyone!!*
4 The Brass Tap just opened in Mesa Riverview right across from the theatre. They have 60 beers on tap and countless others by the bottle. The focus is American beers, but they have enough variety to satisfy even the avid beer snob.  I ordered the ham and cheese panini which comes with some amazing tangy honey mustard sauce that I would have bought by the bottle if it was possible. The bread was more like sandwich bread than a traditional panini...but really who cares. It tasted great, and this place is about the beer not the food.  The bartender was friendly and helpful, even as she politely fielded some drunk dudes hitting on her.  They have discount nights for first responders (mon), teachers (fri), restaurant workers (sun), and others. I will definitely be back.
4 We were excited for this place to open and we left pretty impressed, especially since they just opened.   Pros - Beer selection is what you come here for - period. They let us try anything, which was amazing. All the other tap rooms usually charge for tastes. The food menu is limited, but the prime rib sandwich at the pretzels were both good. The pizza, with pretzel crust, was so-so. Wait staff was delightful, owner was nice. We sat outside which was lovely.   Cons - The inside is mostly high tables. I prefer low. It is also on the small side, so I would be worried to try to meet here with a large group.   We will be back!
3 Great beer selection.  The food is so so.  If you love beer I would go to this bar.
5 Love this place! Excellent selection of craft beer and great menu to absorb the beer! Live music on the weekends,I give it a 5 I will deff be back!!
4 The place has only been open a week and my first time trying it but hey, I can already tell this is a beer lover's sort of bar. I had taken my father to a movie at Cinemark 16, which is right across the way (in other words, good location) and then headed over here for a beer or two and some food.  The menu is not big but food that goes well with beer and for each item they have a recommendation for a specific style of beer. I had two Belgian's on tap and they were delicious and in addition, they have the right glasses for each type of beer and the employees are beer nerds, or at least the ones I met.   As for food, my dad had a flat bread with tomatoes and some sort of cheese, that he seemed to like (going vegetarian in his old age - Tempe can liberalize even an old cowboy from Texas it seems) and I had the pretzel pizza with pepperoni and what seems like sweet Italian peppers - it was good but tend not to like things that are sweet unless it is in a dessert but hey still good.  All I can say, the Cinemark is great movie theater and this is a good place to come after the movie to chat and hang for a bit. I hope it does well, I know I certainly intend to frequent it two or three times a month. :-)  Oh, I did want to say that this is a chain (though a small one), like World of Beers but a little more on the cool vibe side, based on what I can see and the prices on beer at the Mesa location are extremely reasonable. I also liked that while the TVs were on, they were generally right above the bar and they were playing with the sound off and the music in the place was on but it wasn't overly loud, so my father and I could have a discussion with Mitch, the bartender (just has one more step to become a Cicerone - as I said, beer nerds) - maybe they crank things up as the night wears on, I don't know but for me it was a lovely, mellow atmosphere - I may not be Mikey, but I like it. :-)
5 Excellent music & great beer!
5 the place in mesa az for an insane collection of craft beer.  haven't been here yet? you should!
5 My new favorite hangout. Friendly and informative staff. Try their ham and cheese panini its wonderful. If you love beers this is the place!
5 Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome service. Need I say more? Go there and see for yourself! Local bar vibes with drafts from EVERYWHERE!
4 This place has a serious draft and bottles/canned beer selection. If you join their Brew Crew you get a t-shirt and a card to track how many different beers you've had. The service is really good! Our waitress and bartender were very helpful and informative on their beer selection. The only problem with this place is the food. Way too overpriced for the quantity and quality of food you get. Will definitely frequent this place for more beer!
4 Great new spot on the Eastside,  finally!   A nice selection of craft beer that's reasonably priced,  great food to munch on and knowledgeable staff.  Definitely a place you will want to come back to!
4 Great selection of craft beer!  During my daytime visit there was plenty of seating and service was very good.  Food menu seemed a bit limited, but at least they seemed to be good at the limited food items that were available.  I'd rather have that, than a beer bar that tries to do too many things and few of them are worth eating.  Prices were all over the place for various beers compared to what I pay elsewhere.  Not sure if I was mischarged or if they really do differentiate like that on purpose.  Parking was great.
5 What an amazing place! Hands down one of the friendliest places I've been in awhile! Great staff, AMAZING beer, great prices, BEER CLUB ANYONE SHOULD JOIN, and KNOWLEDGEABLE staff for beer... I won't be shy at all recommending this place to friends or anyone I come across looking for great taps!
3 I've been to The Brass Tap multiple times and really enjoy the place; the food's overpriced, but the outstanding beer selection more than makes up for that. It's small and normally pretty quite, which makes it the perfect place for a few pints and a conversation with friends.  With that in mind, I'm SO glad last night wasn't my first experience with The Brass Tap, or I'd never come back. We met with some friends for Team Trivia and experienced the worst service possible. The place was packed and it appeared that they only had one bartender and one waitress to handle the crowd, which meant that people on our team were consistently being ignored, and even when our waitress (Rachel, according to the bill) actually took beer orders, she only took them for part of the table, walked away without hearing what people were asking for, and came back without beers that people had ordered. Even after the place cleared out when trivia was done, we continued to receive the same terrible service. ! Rather than offering a pre-emptive apology about whatever was going to take so long for us to get our beers/waters/bill/etc, we were offered three different and conflicting excuses after waiting for extended periods of time. We all ended up waiting around an hour just to get our bills, and there were only three tables! The bartender did come out and give us all coupons for BOGO pints, and even though they expire in three days, it was a nice gesture. It's fine if you're short-staffed and surprisingly busy, but you should know how to appease the customers you have while they wait rather than ignoring them and forgetting their orders.
4 (Lyrics - Foreigner - I Want To Know What Love Is)  In my life there's been reviews with stars I'm pretty sure I can eat it again Can't stop now, I've Bo Bites so far To give this place a try.......  I wanna go to the Brass Tap I really want to show you I wanna go to the Brass Tap I know I can show you  Nestle inside the heart of Mesa Riverview complex is The Brass Tap.  With over 20 locations nationwide the Mesa location is the first in Arizona.  Lucky us!  The Brass Tap provides a nice, clean, and homey feel to your beer brewery.  A selection of craft brews along with your regular store bought beer available in a bottle or draft.   I came on a Saturday night with a friend and order several different beers to try out while a solo singer rocked out on the early 90s music.  Pretty awesome and chilling night in my book.  I also ordered their pretzel crusted pizza; yep that's pretty new to me!  Overall, the pretzel dough was original and surprisingly it worked well.  Tad bit over salty for sure, but I guess that helps sell the beer!  In the end, a great atmosphere along with great selection.  The pizza was interesting and something I would recommend to try! - Enjoy!
3 Phenomenal beer selection, the atmosphere is very pub like, and the staff was helpful. The menu is limited, and we had the pretzel, nachos, and a panini...overall the food is average at best. The pretzel was about a third raw, the nachos were really just a glob of potato chips and liquid cheese, the panini was good.  I'll be back for beer, but will need to eat before or after.
5 Place is a cute little beer bar! Great beer selection too. Our server megan was really nice and helpful! We had the hummus and the pretzel pizzas and they were both really tasty!
5 We had a group of 17 here on Saturday and it was a lot of fun. The owner, manager and the service staff were awesome. I would highly recommend Brass Tap for groups. The food was great and their beer list is fantastic. We'll definitely be back!
5 Amazing little place! My boyfriend and I have been looking for a neighborhood place that wasn't too busy, but still had a good crowd with good people. This has become our place! The selection is great, the Brew Crew benefits are awesome, and the staff is amazing. Rachel is by far the sweetest person I've ever met, and every suggestion she's ever given me has been a winner. I would recommend this place to anyone!!
