5 We chose the 2 hour ATV tour. Our guides were Anthony and John, and they were awesome. Riding around Nellis Dunes on an ATV was pretty cool. We've done an ATV tour in a rainforest before, but this much more fun and you were able to go fast!! They let the more experienced riders go ahead and we were able to go faster and around tighter turns. With the extended tour, they provided sandwiches and waters. A big upside is round trip transportation included in the cost since a taxi would be way too expensive. My husband and I highly recommend the tour when you visit Las Vegas
2 It was great to get off the strip and experience the desert for a couple hours.    I purchased a voucher from living social for a tour for 2 people.  The voucher did not have details as to the ride itself so I looked up the company's website to see what they offered.  The only offering for the Nellis Dunes on their site was a 4 hour tour so I felt the deal was worth the money.  I booked the tour a couple weeks in advance and just a few days before leaving I sent another email to confirm my reservation.  Upon confirmation I was offered the opportunity to extend my tour which would double my riding time and also include lunch (on their home page it states that lunch is included in their tours), so my friend and I upgraded without asking question (which I regret).  While in the van heading out to the desert someone asked how long we would be riding for, we were told approximately 2 hours for the full tour, 1 hour for the 1/2 tour.  Everyone in the van was on the full-tour but there were 3 others that met us at the site that opted to only participate in the first half.   The ride went pretty smooth for the first 1/2 as there were 2 guides, one in the front leading the other at the tail helping those that had trouble.  As we got the the 1/2 way point the tail guide left the group to escort the 3 that chose to not do the full tour back to the starting point.  From this point is where my true disappointment began.  We were left with a group of approximately 10 riders and only 1 guide.  The group had very diverse riding abilities and at this point had found a riding order that allowed us to go at our pace for the most part.  The problem was that with the less experienced riders at the back of the pack we had to continually stop to wait and also so that the lead guide could go back to assist those having trouble.  The stop and go of the final 1/2 of the tour really was a drain on the adrenaline rush I had been seeking.  When asked upon return about my experience I was honest with the tail guide that had returned early.  There was no offer of resolution to my dissatisfaction at this point.  The lead guide (also our van driver) overheard the conversation and suggested I call to speak to his supervisor about my experience because customer service was extremely important to the company.  Upon arrival at the hotel I made the phone call to speak to someone at the office, this person sounded genuinely appreciative of my feedback and offered another ride if my schedule allowed but with a packed day the next day and a 10 am flight the following morning there was no time.  The conversation with this person ended with a promise of a return phone call by the next morning at the latest, 3 days later and still I have yet to receive that phone call.  I take it that customer service isn't quiet as important as I was lead to believe.  I guess on my next trip to Vegas I will go with the original ATV tour I rode with Adrenaline, feel free to read my review on that company.  The ride was the same price person, and they don't make you pay addition for the second leg of the tour.
4 Great time!!!  Had a bachelor party weekend in Vegas last weekend, and part of the festivities planned were this ATV tour.  I think 9 of the 10 guys in our group decided to do it, so we had a nice turnout.... Got picked up from our hotel in a van, and briefed by I think John?  Anyway, good info given out... Definitely emphasizes safety.  Picked up another group whom, I guess because of scheduling, was kind of ticked at John because he was late.  Nevertheless, they got onboard, and off we go.  Signed our waivers on the bus...   Got to the site after about a 25 minute ride... after shelling out an additional $40 (we got the $99 groupon, but then chose the additional time, 4 hour total I think) Got our lids, goggles and gloves.  They give you the option to lock your valuables inside their truck (which I recommend)... Got a quick tutorial from the older smaller guy (can't remember his name)... They made sure we knew how to operate the ATV, let us ride around in circles for about 10 minutes to get the feel of it, and then led us off into the desert, single file...  I'll save details of the ride for your own experience, but I'll say it was awesome. A little after 10 minutes or so, RC  took over the lead and led us the rest of the way... He was AWESOME.  We had a couple of more experienced riders in our group whom they quickly "put in their place" and told them not to show off, or do anything else stupid that would have put the rest of us in danger... Stopped about halfway through for a nice photo op and 15 minute break.... Hit some great terrain on the way back, and finally got back after a couple hours... They had sandwich meals and drinks waiting for us, and gave us some time to eat before the shuttled us off back to our respective hotels.  Definitely a great time,. every single guy in my party would probably agree that it was one of the best activities of the entire weekend!  Check them out!
4 I was a part of a bachelor party and this was one of our outings. Great time was had by all!  Prompt hotel pick up, followed by an informative ride to the Nellis Dunes.  A security briefing by John (our driver and one of the guides) was followed by a more detailed security briefing and tutorial once we arrived to the dunes.  No experience needed and they make it clear that this tour is for all skill levels. They also make it clear that you can keep your advanced riding ability in your back pocket because their priority is the safety of all riders.  The dunes were awesome.  The terrain became more aggressive as the tour went on which was perfect for this ride! Only tip would be to not be over confident with the ATVs. You may be humbled quickly by the dunes!  My only complaint would be about some of the equipment... I got a pretty bad gash on my head from one of their helmets that was missing some interior padding. That became my Las Vegas Bachelor Party Battle Scar!  THANKS FOR THE GREAT TIME!
5 Went on the ATV Tour out at Nellis Dunes today. It was a total blast. We really got to get up some speed and have a great time on the loose sand out on the sand dunes.  We had John and Jerry as our tour guides. John was super-knowledgable about the area and I live in Vegas so I knew he wasn't just blowing smoke!  One girl couldn't keep up with the pack, so rather than slow everyone else down she got on the ATV with Jerry and held on for dear life. Overall a great company and I'd definitely do it again. Once these callouses heal up on my hands!
5 Had a BLAST today with Las Vegas ATV Tours! I was really scared to drive an ATV as I never done it before.  I was going to give up and these guys not only did they keep me for chickening out, they let me ride with Jerry, who is a highly experienced and easy going driver. He gave me the ride of my life! I was able to trust him and enjoy the being on an ATV.  The location was absolutely awesome! Great dunes, cool terrain and Las Vegas strip views to boot.  John our leader IS all about safety and checking on everyone. John is also good with patients! AND their sandwich are really dam tasty! WOW! The whole crew at Las Vegas ATV was just wonderful and I recommend doing this tour. If you live here, DO IT. When you visit Las Vegas, make sure you do this tour. You will have the time of your life! GREAT for girls like me who have NEVER driven an ATV before and the next time I do this, I am going to ride one...unless Jerry is working that day and I'll just hop on his ATV and let him do all the driving ;-)
1 horrible experience. purchased a couple 2 hour atv tours to use while I was in Vegas. I made the reservation months before my trip. we were in Vegas 4 nights and they only had one time available for my entire trip. 10:00 a.m. on a Wednesday "the last day of my trip" and they were supposed to pick me up from the trump hotel where we were staying. ok that was fine. the day before, I got a call from them stating one of their vehicles had broke down and they were running behind so they had to push my pick up time back to noon. ok. then the caller stated that they needed me to meet them at the palazzo for my pick up which was a couple blocks away. why? I don't know but ok. the day of my reservation the driver calls me as we were heading to the pick up spot and tells me "ill be there right at noon for your pick up". OK. We ardive at the palazzo 10 minutes early and wait at the pick up spot. 12:00......12:05, the driver calls and says he is in traffic and will be another 5-10 minutes. ok. 12:10 we see the atv tours van pull in the drive way towing the atvs. I say to myself "that looks awesome, let me take a picture before I get in". THE VAN NEVER STOPPED MOVING!!! before I could get my phone out and unlock it, the van was gone. we waited a couple more minutes to see of he would come back around but nothing. I call the driver twice and he dosent answer. I call the atv tours line and someone picks up. as I'm explaining the situation. I see the las Vegas atv van driving up las Vegas Blvd right pass me and stopped at the light. as I'm on the phone I run up the street to flag down the driver. I'm waving my hands at the driver as he was in the left turning lane and there was a concrete wall keeping me from walking up to him. he never sees me. light changes and he pulls away. at the same time. the person on the phone puts me on hold and then we lose connection. I'M DONE. I immediately contact Groupon for a refund. they called a couple times after. but Groupon had already processed my refund. another driver called my girlfriends phone personally to apologize because he was in front of the palazzo and would pick us up but by then it was already 1:00 and we had other things to do.
5 Had an awesome time riding today! Made reservations a couple hours ahead of time and they picked is up at the hotel. All 3 of the guys made it a great experience. Would definitely come back again!
5 John and his crew work really hard to make sure you have a good time. They know the dunes really well. Everything was explained to us and our group up front, and we went riding in the Mohave Desert. They took us around some great areas. Found some really nice places to take photos. The trails are designed for the beginner so they take it slow in some of the more challenging areas letting us know what to expect and how to drive out ATV's through them safely.   At the end of the trip they had sandwiches, gave us water along the ride and even offered to stop at the local gas station for a bathroom break on the way back top the hotels.   Pick up and drop off was included. We couldn't have been treated better or had a better time. Thanks guys!!
5 What a great thing to do in Vegas!  I was looking to get away from the strip and had already done the Hoover Dam thing before.  I found the Groupon, saved some money and had a blast.  Even though I had been on an ATV only once in the past (Aruba), it didn't take long to get comfortable.  The guides were very good...and took it in stride when one if the riders missed the very first turn and literally ran the dude over.  Drink plenty of water...it's hot.  The fighter jet flybys were an added bonus.
5 John and the other guide were very friendly and thorough in explaining what we were going to incur and experience during the tour. Even in 100 degree heat it was still a blast! And John even found my wallet which I accidentally left in the van after he dropped my wife and I off at our hotel The Vdara. Good times and great service!
5 This was my first ATV experience and it was everything I had imagined and more.  John, the driver who picked us up from the hotel was on time and extremely informative during the drive out into the desert.  We had a short tutorial on safety once we got there, then some time to test out the ATV before we rode into Nellis Dunes single file.  The route was perfect - easy at first to get us acquainted, then picked up mid way with some really big dunes you can choose to ride over or around depending on comfort level, and then it got pretty technical towards the end.  I got comfortable with it after about a half hour and was able to take advantage of the trickier fun parts.  Overall a great time that felt equally safe and challenging!  Oh and the guides who take you out are really fun too.  And I found a coyote skeleton!  And you get sandwiches and drinks at the end (tip: they accommodate vegetarian, and the vegetarian sandwich was amazing - looked better than the rest).  Also a note about the owners...my boyfriend got sick last minute and couldn't make it out, to which  they were sympathetic and flexible.  But generally their no last minute cancellation policy is strict.
5 I discovered Las Vegas ATV Tours via Groupon and read some of the mixed (but mostly good) review via Trip Advisor and Yelp.  Overall, it seemed like everyone was super happy with their tour.  Communication is a little spotty at times, but mainly because it's a mom and pop kind of business and everyone works in that joint.  After a tour is when these guys respond to your emails and phone calls.    We signed up for the One Hour Tour.  John picked us up from The Four Seasons Hotel along with other folks from different hotels on the strip and we headed towards the Motor Speedway where they dropped us off next to the Airforce base.  It's about a 30 mins drive. To begin with, I have never driven an ATV before, but I owned a scooter for seven years and have driven a motorcycle, so I am well aware of how to dress on a moving vehicle.  However, a few of the gals did not.    Girls - be smart, not stupid.  Wear pants and choose the morning session in the summer.  It's simply too hot to do this tour in the middle of the afternoon.  You'll die.  Second, wear moisture wicking clothes as you will sweat and pour water all over your body.  Bring a light long sleeved shirt.  The sun is strong and no matter how much sunscreen you apply, you'll be thankful for the coverage when the wind picks up and sand is blowing onto your bare arms.  Second, wear old tennis shoes. Not TOMS, not Keds, not sandals.  Again, don't be an idiot, you are in the desert on a 4-wheeler.  The pedals have metal prongs and you need protection from the heat of the engine.  Last, bring a small backpack filled with water, extra sunscreen, ibuprofen, kleenex (i.e. toilet paper), chapstick and a bandana.  While the group gives you a water during the half time break, they only bring enough water for one bottle per person.  It's hot outside and the heat definitely got to me.  I wish I would have brought extra water and a bandana to cover my mouth from all the dirt.  Now, onto the tour.  I thought it was amazing.  The guys are tatted up, smoke and good ole' boys - they know what they are doing.  They did a great job describing what we would be doing and the hand signals to follow.  They also had extra riders to round up the caboose and let the girls ride tandem in the event they were too scared to drive an ATV.  They warm you up with an easy start filled with small bumps and hills.  As you become more comfortable with the ATV,  you  have the option to be more aggressive as you trust the machine over time.  They definitely make it clear to do whatever you feel most comfortable with and they never make you feel stupid for taking it slow and careful.  They know the area like the back of their dry, tan hands and do their job well.  Honestly, a one hour would have sufficed for me, as it's hot and physically exhausting, but we winded up riding two hours.  I'm not complaining, it was great fun, but for a retreat recreation I am planning in September, I would recommend to my older clients to perhaps consider just an hour as it is very physically demanding.  Also, your gas is in what looks like a gear shift on your right handle bar, it's a lot of strain to your right hand - it doesn't work like a motorcycle.  So be prepared for some terrible texting, post tour.  I winded up flying over a "Witch's Eye" and into a dune, causing me to almost flip over the handlebars.  I didn't, but winded up jamming my right thigh into the throttle and right handlebar.  It left a nasty bruise, cut and whiplash, but it was all worth it.  The staff was great - they made sure I was OK, gave me water and asked several times if I wanted to stop and go back.  I assured them I was OK, and while I definitely felt it the next day...and today...I am still so happy I did the tour.  It was great to get out into the desert, out of the strip, see the jets fly above you and meet some new people. I definitely would recommend this group and Casey as your guide.  To make this trip more enjoyable - be prepared, not a dumb-ass.  Lunch is provided afterwards and the team is eager to take group photos.  If you are ever in Vegas and looking for something different to do, give them a a call and go in the morning!
5 KC and Mora were awesome tour guides. they we very helpful and fun. John is very knowledgable and polite. Their were a few things to be concern about. Some of the atvs had problems, however you would expect it to be pretty beat up especially when you have beginners like myself rolling over giant rocks. Another issue was that the helmets we clean, but the goggles and gloves smelled like BO.  Overall it was an awesome experience but next time I'll know better then to go out on a atv your on a day that's over 100 degrees in Vegas.
5 LOVED IT! First time riding an ATV and it was awesome. Corey, our guide, was super funny and friendly. Joey, the back of the pack leader, was amazing riding the ATV. He did some cool tricks. Would go back to Vegas just to do the your again!
