5 Let me just start off by saying that as someone who is Mexican American, I rarely am impressed by Mexican food restaurants, however, Santos Lucha Libre Taco Shop has revealed itself to me in all it's glory. The food is authentic, perfectly spicy, fresh and reasonably priced! They have a selection of 8 different meats with different salsas ranging from classic carne asada, chicken, pastor, to home style Tinga (MY FAVORITE) and you can combine it with your choice of either a burrito, tacos, nachos and some other things I can't remember. I got the three taco combo with Tinga, adobada and cochinita! MIND AND TASTE BUDS BLOWN AWAY! I can't get over how excited I am this place opened. The place is Lucha themed with amazing colors, paintings, disco ball, huge wrestling pictures that is perfect for families, kids, parties, maybe even to go after church on a Sunday with everyone. The tortillas were so soft and cooked just right and to wash down that hint of spice the horchata was just amazing and so authentic tasting as if my grandma just made a fresh batch. Go to Santos, you will not regret it.
5 Omg! This place is awesome. I wish it had opened a year ago since I live right next door. The fish tacos are amazing, but I've sampled all their meats and its all good! Great prices, amazing food, super authentic, and it's quick! The owners are really friendly and the place is clean! Definitely check it out. Seriously I want fish tacos right now.
5 A great addition to the neighborhood!! It must be tough selling Mexican food in this area- lots of good places to go. But, Lucha is one of the best. The recipes are the families originals. The food is very authentic and plentiful. Flavors are amazing!! Previous reviews have touched on the meats, variety and options available, so I will save you the reading. All the quicker to get over there!!!  Go!! Runnn!
5 This place is amazing and right next to my apartment. The gentleman who helped me was extremely friendly and helpful. He let me try the different meats and made suggestions of what condiments to pair with my tacos. The horchata is fresh made by the matriarch of the family, and it is amazing. So many meat choices and the ingredients are so fresh. I will for sure be back again and again, and I have been telling everyone who wants exceptional, authentic Mexican food to go here.
5 Chose this spot for lunch because of all of the positive reviews they have been receiving and they definitely delivered! The food was fantastic and staff incredibly friendly and helpful. At no time did I feel rushed while they gave me samples of the meats. And their sauces delicious. I have a chipotle a block away from where I live and I don't think I'll be going there with this place just a few miles away.
5 Upscale chipotle very fresh made to order in front of you   Had the wet carnie  Asada burrito. Good hot hot sauce :) my date had the bean burrito & loved it. Don't like plastic forks  & they don't offer ice tea.   Limited menu    will go back.
5 I will echo what all the review below.The business is family owned and operated and the customer service is amazing! They let you sample all the meats which are off the charts! The restaurant is super clean and they have tv's to watch sports. They make their own taco salad shells and I can't rave about them enough! Please come by and support this amazing local business.
5 My boyfriend and I go there every Monday.  The decor is fun and the food is delicious and authentic.  They let us sample the meats, they have a variety of flavored tortillas and you order Chipotle style, so the portions are HUGE. There's also a fresh salsa bar. On top of all that, the service is great.
5 Awesome place! Food is delicious and fresh, chipotle ain't got nothing on santos lucha libre Mexican food!
5 Love supporting and finding new restaurants in my Sunnyslope neighborhood.  We  have ordered burritos and quesadillas with the pork and beef and they were delicious and they are made to order.....anyway you like! The owner is a hardworking Mom bringing the area great Mexican food....just like Momma's...step away from the fast foods and come support this great new little shop....I guarantee you love it and will come back for more...
5 The first thing that I saw walking in was the homie Miguel. He gave us all samples of some bomb meats. I got a fatty burrito that was the bomb.com chu feel.
5 I definitely recommend Santos Lucha Libre...I am so happy I decided to try this great little spot. I live right by them and am excited to have a great go-to when I'm craving Mexican with a slight twist.  I was greeted by a very nice woman with a great, inviting smile. (I'm assuming she's the owner.) she knew right away that I had never been in, and got right into giving me samples of all of the meats. They are all DELICIOUS! I opted for the 3 tacos (chicken, pork and beef) What sets them apart are the topping choices. I was excited to see roasted corn and pickled red onions, 2 of my favorite things. Never thought pickled red onions with Mexican, but it works amazingly well.   Not only was everything fresh, but the tacos were beautiful with the vibrant colors of the pickled onions and other fresh toppings. I couldn't wait to get home and dig in. Now that I'm full, fat, and happy I can say without a doubt I will be returning here more often than I would probably like to admit. Under $10 for 3 tacos filled to the brim and a soda? I could barely finish 2 tacos and will be happily wrapping the 3rd for lunch tomorrow. I can't wait to go back and try the other options! Highly recommend giving this place a try!
5 This place is awesome.  Great customer service Great food Great prices   I had the 3 taco plate. $6.99 Chicken pork and green chili. Loaded up with cheese lettuce pico de gallo sour cream and cilantro. It may have been enough food for two, but I managed to scarf it down. Each of the meats have their own special seasonings and flavors. My favorite was the chicken. It seem to have a smoked flavor. The only downfall I can see is if you wait too long your tortilla will get soggy from the juices.
5 This place was OUTSTANDING!!! We had carne Asada fries, burritos & tacos !!! Super friendly family owned & they let us sample all the meats .. DELISH!! You will not be disappointed
5 I came all the way from chandler to try the food and see what the hype is about. I had a wet burrito with horchata. The burrito was huge and the meat was so tender. They had so many healthy choices for tortilla. I had it with tomatoes basil tortilla. Horchata was homemade and I had to get second large drink. My trip was so worth it and I would recommend this hidden gem.
5 Awesome atmosphere and great food. Chipotle is done, this place is my Mexican fast food staple now!
5 Very good restaurant! Hidden in strip mall very friendly staff and food was excellent! Highly recommended we sampled all meats it is tough choice did green chili and didn't regret it. Support this local gem!
5 Sublime!  I live right around the corner and frequent Il Posto and Scramble weekly.  I noticed signs for a new taco shop and decided to do some Sunday night take-out.  I can honestly say this was one of the best tacos I've ever tested.  The kind owner allowed us to sample all the meats and I ended up with 3 tacos filled with sweet pork topped by cheese, lettuce, cilantro, pineapple (which was magical with the pork) and roasted corn.  The meat was flavorful and tender and the combination of toppings was amazing.  Don't miss the salsa bar.  Lots of choices and all so much better than anything I've tried elsewhere  I'm so glad that Santos Lucha Libre is in the neighborhood.  Don't hesitate to try it.  The Mexican wrestling decor, kind owners and fabulous food is well worth it
5 This place is awesome. The two people working there were super helpful. They let us sample all the meat before we picked which kind of tacos we wanted. The salsa bar itself was worth going back for! Not to mention, the atmosphere is worth checking out too.
5 Great food. Martha the owner chat with us, she let us taste some samples of the chicken and meats before we made our choice. The food had great flavor and the restaurant was very clean. We will eat there again. make sure you check out all the luchadores masks very colorful walls you feel like you are in Mexico City's local restaurants.
5 Don't quite get the wrestling theme, but the decor is very eye catching and Macho I guess.  Love the chandeliers and sparkly touches every where.  There is plenty of room and the booths are super comfy and private due to their high backs.   Now the food and service: like other reviewers mentioned, the owners let us sample the meats which really helped with choosing. The woman who I presume is the young man's mother was also very nice and accommodating.  I prefer pork to chicken or beef therefore I got a spicy pork taco.  The black beans were perfectly cooked, not too dry, not too soggy, I asked for them well drained and did not get the usual dirty look, he said "of course" and carefully drained the black beans before placing them in the flour taco.  I also ordered a vegetarian taco with beans, guacamole, corn, pico, cheese, and sour cream.  The two tacos I had were so filling, I ordered them a la carte because I knew I couldn't eat three, but I found that even two were so heaped full of goodness I could get away with just one and walk away more than satisfied.  My husband is low carbing it so he ordered lettuce and meat and really enjoyed his meat choices.  We were really impressed with the freshness of our food and wanted to get the word out to support this local business, good tacos are very hard to find in this area of town, fantastic addition to the neighborhood!
5 It's rare to find a restaurant that meets and exceeds our "foodie" expectations!  The workers were so appreciative of us coming in on Father's Day!  They ran out of chicken (because we are a family of 8) and they were so apologetic and accommodating with samples of all their meats and even gave us free churros for our boys because of it. And I actually think the pastor flavored meat was tastier than the chicken.  So, I only give 5 stars to a place that has great good and great service!  We will be back every time we come to Phoenix!  A special thanks to Erik for his excellent people skills!
5 Saw the good reviews and thought I'd check it out for taco Tuesday.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  They asked if we had ever ate there before.  After hearing it was our first time they gave us samples of all the types of meats.  I decided on the 3 taco platter.  I got one chicken, one beef chile verde, and one spicy pork taco.  The tacos were good sized, well priced and made to order.  Everything was delicious.  The tacos were great,  the salsa bar had several different choices that were each very good.  I really liked the spicy one made with peanuts.  I would go back in a heartbeat and look forward to trying more meats and possibly a burrito.
5 The tacos here are fresh and excellent. Definitely generous in portion size, too. The cochinita pivil and barbacoa were my favorites, but also loved the pastor and carne adovada. The horchata was also super yummy. The lady was so nice, she even let us sample all the meats. I prefer these tacos to Joyride. Definitely don't pass this place up. Great local gem.
3 The decor...LOL. I don't get it at all.   Never the less. lets begin:  This place is like a cafeteria/chipotle style ordering and food preparation. You order go down the line. Customize and then pay then eat.  They let you try all their meat they have. Their spicey meats have a great kick to them. Unfortunately some meats were a little dry.  Out of all the meats the green chili pork is the best.   I had the burrito it was ridiculously huge. Like a chipotle burrito. It was way better tasting. They have good fresh ingredients. and some that can really pack a punch (in spicyness.).  I would like to go back and try their other menu items. They have potential, but the location is kind of crappy. Hopefully they will do better there than their predecessors.
5 Guess what I ate yesterday? A bean burrito. And the day before? A bean burrito. Guess what I'm eating right now? A delicious bean burrito smothered in red chili. This place is awesome and clean! This is all I'm reviewing because I'll never eat anything else..obviously!
5 My boyfriend and I are trying out a bunch independent places in our new neighborhood. Based on the reviews we saw for Santos Lucha Libre, we knew it had to be one of the first ones we tried.   Upon walking in, we we're warmly greeted by the staff and asked if it was our first time. They allowed us to sample the different meats to make sure we ordered something we enjoyed - awesome! I got two tacos a la carte, one spicy chicken with lettuce, cheese, corn salsa and sour cream, and one spicy pork with lettuce, cheese, corn salsa, pineapple tidbits, and sour cream. My boyfriend got the three taco plate (a mere $6.99), and had two spicy pork and one regular pork taco. I also ordered a large horchata based on the Yelp reviews.  Everything was amazing! The horchata was so delicious, my spicy chicken taco had a lot of kick, and the spicy pork with the pineapple was just incredible. The meat is juicy and delicious, the toppings are all fresh, and the tortillas are slightly grilled before the tacos are assembled.  This will definitely be in our rotation for local joints to return to.
5 This place was awesome! We read the reviews and decided to try it. We tried the nachos and burrito and they were both amazing. Definitely recommend trying it :-)
5 Great little place with amazingly delicious food. Love the atmosphere and fun decor. My burrito was made to order and it was HUGE!, My girlfriends 3 taco plate was three actual tacos, not street tacos. The meat (we tried beef and pork) was outstanding, we could've just ordered a plate of meat and been satisfied. (They have great options if you're not into meat) We will recommend to friends and invite them to join us. Very casual, and the staff is very helpful and accommodating.
5 OK, I went to try this place out after reading all reviews on yelp. And I must say I absolutely do not regret it, the service was awesome and people were very friendly. The food is natural and very healthy. Recommend this place to anybody!!!
4 Fresh meats and veggies! Rice was perfectly cooked, but the tortilla was a little under cooked store bought :( but the staff was friendly and the atmosphere is awesome! I will definitely be back for more! THEY ARE NOT ASSOCIATED WITH THE ORIGINAL LUCHA LIBRE but they are still delicious
3 This place has  awesome customer service, and decor. I love that they let you sample every single meat before you order. Most of the meat was very flavorful,  there was only one that was a bit dry. ..I think the pork.  Anyhow, I ordered a spicy chicken burrito and a torta. The burrito was GIGANTIC! The torta was regular in size. The only downside was both the burrito amd the torta were a bit soggy when I sat down to eat. I'm blaming this on all of the ingredients.  The second downside can't be blamed on the restaurant at all but my friend and I had a gas attack and he's still on the lou haha. I guess that's a tip...take some beano first if your stomach is a bit on the sensitive side.
5 This place is good, really good. They have 5 different meats ranging in spice warmth - each with their own distinctive flavor. I enjoyed all five. I chose the three taco plate with pastor, green chili and one other beef. Incredible flavors on all of the meat. Then you have the opportunity to select various toppings, cilantro, lettuce, red onions, white onions, hominy, sour cream, cheese, cabbage (a few more I do not recall). A few salsa options are available also. Note: these are not street taco size they are full size soft shell tacos. I will be back to support this awesome restaurant
5 Outstanding food and great service! I've been three times this week to try different items off of their menu and all have been delightful. I'm lucky enough to be close but this place is worth the effort to drive to if you are not on this side of town.   Jeff
