4 First visit and it was good, especially considering its a pretty new restaurant. The meat is really good, the sides are hit or miss but overall not bad, they have a few beers on tap, and the water is good (which counts for a lot honestly). The atmosphere is lacking and the staff seems a little inexperienced, but nothing that would keep me from giving them another try. Also we were there pretty late so we didn't see what it is like when they are busy.  My husband said the ribs were some of the best he's had, very meaty and tender. The brisket was excellent and the pulled pork was tasty but a little too smoky for my palate, would probably make a really good sandwich though.
4 Worth the stop! Great BBQ. Got the pulled pork sandwich. Love love love their BBQ beans. I also got the tangy coleslaw, not bad either.
2 So went today for lunch and wasn't overly impressed.  I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Quesadilla and it was just cheese blend and meat.  There was no sauce in the quesadilla and it was an over abundance of cheese.  You couldn't even taste the smoke on the meat.  I did open it up and add sauce which helped but still the amount of cheese really took away from the item.    The place was very clean inside with lot's of seating so that was the positive.  There menu had several options as well so maybe I'll have to try something else if I ever go back.    I overheard our waitress telling a table they were busy in the beginning and now it's been really dead so I take that as a sign that I'm not the only one that thinks they are just ok.
4 Good food...Pulled pork sandwich needs to be hotter though, pretty cool...
4 I had a lunch special. Pulled pork and fries. Everything was awesome. The pork had a good smoke, the bun was fresh. The fries were awesome, I think they used seal salt?? The sauces were all good.   I will be back.
4 First time at this new BBQ and I was very pleased with my dinner. Had the baby back ribs and they were excellent. Right up there with the best I have had in AZ. The brisket was good but a little dry. I will definitely go back soon and try other menu items.
4 I've tried a lot of BBQ joints this was fantastic and tasty!!! Got the three combo platter Ribs, pulled pork, and brisket....Mac n cheese was amazing and Cole slaw tasted fresh! Was Sooo good I got another one to take home!
2 strange little place.  strange happy hour.  strange service.  Food OK.  definitely need better signage.
5 We love BBQ and when we saw this place opened up we had to try. We were very impressed.  The ribs were awesome the brisket was great and the sausage was amazing.  The Mac cheese was delicious and the cheesey potatoes were the best.  We definitely will be back.
