4 My boyfriend and I tried this place on Saturday. We were having drinks at Blvd. Cocktail (nice atmosphere, typical over priced drinks) when we noticed a pizza place across the way that seemed incredibly busy. We had to try it, considering my boyfriend is from New York and is fairly particular about finding a good pizza place in town. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. They were only partially open so you had to order from a convenient To-Go area outside. We ended up paying about 8 bucks for just 2 slices of plain cheese and no drink.   Overall the pizza was great, had a nice crunch to the crust and most importantly to me, was not overly greasy. I enjoy my fair share of greasy pizzas (Secret Pizza at the Cosmo comes to mind), so this was a nice alternative. The atmosphere of The Linq seems really chill so far. We bar hopped and talked to a few bartenders who said it's been mostly locals coming to check it out. The colorful fountain is a perfect spot to enjoy a slice. I hope this place sticks around.
4 My husband, 2 daughters and I stumbled upon this place while walking the strip. So very glad we did!  We all shared an order of meatballs and the Reggio Emilio pizza. We were served crispy bread sticks while we waited for our food which had a slight delicious kick to them. The meatballs are served 3 to an order in a tomatoe, salsa Verde and parmesan sauce and served with some toasted crusty bread! We devoured them and even used the remaining sauce to dip our pizza in, so so good. Our pizza included parmesan, Mozzarella,  prosciutto and roasted mushrooms. The crust was perfect and the toppings were a perfect blend of flavors.  Would definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas!
5 That is what las vegas needs, a place where you can have a nice beer while you enjoying the best pizza in town, we had the wings, calamari,  tomatoes salad w  burrata and meatballs,  those meatballs  where phenomenal,  they melt in your mouth, the best dinner so far a the linq, our server mathew very attentive and funny, and the manager stop to the table to check on us  a couple of times, great ambiance,  pls
4 I went to the "to go" part of the restaurant. Pizzas looked good, ready to go, and we were hungry so this was our first choice. My friends and I each got different slices of pizza. I got the special (prosciutto, onions, spinach and cauliflower) while my friends got cheese and the other, pepperoni. The slices vary in size.... DRAMATICALLY. My slice was the equivalent to two of theirs.. and for the same price. The customer in front of us was complaining about the size differences too. And there was another girl behind us that got two slices of cheese.. and one was definitely bigger than the other. They need to fix the way they cut those slices because it isn't very fair for someone to pay the same price for a much smaller slice.   The pizza itself was pretty good. I'm not a huge fan of thin slice but it was good. The special pizza I got had a good amount of toppings. No complaints on taste!   The staff was friendly. My friends originally wanted to order some beers but the girl taking their order warned them that each bottle was $21 before she rang them up. I'm glad she did because that is way too expensive IMO. She asked if it was okay and they opted not to get it. That was great because I know most places wont even tell you.   I liked this place. I'm definitely gonna check it out again and would like to actually dine in the restaurant. I've read some of their other reviews so I can't wait to go again.
2 The newest addition to the Las Vegas strip, The Linq, provides a handful of new restaurants for us locals to try. Flour and barley was at the top of my list for wanting to try. Sadly, I was disappointed by both service and food.   Service was almost non existent. I understand it's a new restaurant, and most employees are new, and it takes a little time to get in the groove of things. However, the service was too bad to be able to overlook. Our server did not seem to know much about the menu. When asked what their recommendations were, she couldn't even answer because she hadn't had most of the food items. Service was also quite slow on the drink refills.   As for the food, we started with the baked clams as well as the mozzarella en carozza (Italian bread filled stuff mozzarella, prosciutto, and basil). They were ok. The mozzarella en carozza was basically just a glorified ham and cheese sandwich. The bread had a nice golden brown toast to it and was quite crunchy. However, the inside of the sandwhich left more to be desired. A thick slice of cold mozzarella and a very thin piece of prosciutto did not cut it. The baked clams were decent enough, just a little heavy on the salt.   For our pizzas, we ordered the Carbonara (pancetta, roasted cauliflower, farm egg) as well as the Calabrese ( meatball, Italian sausage, prosciutto).  The Calabrese was decent enough. The tomato sauce had good flavor and it had a good amount of toppings. It ess basically their version of an escalated meat lovers pizza. The chili verde that also comes on it was a nice addition. As for the Carbonara, well, that was the low point in the meal. I was quite excited for this one, as it sounds amazing, and I'm sure it would've been. But upon receiving our pizza, it was room temperature at best, as if it had just sat out while our other pizza was being cooked. The crust was no longer crisp, just soggy. Super disappointing. Would've sent it back, but l again, service was bad and we could find out server. My party and I all tried to eat a slice, but we left half the pizza untouched. And as much as some of you like to eat cold pizza, it's definitely not what I expect to eat when I'm paying to eat hot pizza in a restaurant.   Overall, would I go back? Probably not, which is a shame. I can already forsee spending many nights at The Linq, showing around my tourists friends or bar hopping with my fellow locals, but I don't think Flour and Barley will ever be a stop on the list.
4 Food was good. The wait staff was unorganized. I'm guessing because it's new. I will be back to try again because the pizza(thin crust) was very good. It is in a great location.
2 Very average! Very expensive, Atmosphere & Decor is bland at best... $42.00 for a 750ml Delerium Tremens???? $21.00 for a 10.5 inch pizza. I know it's The Strip but, Block 16 Restaurant group is out of line on this one.
3 Items Selected: Sesame Bread Sticks Meatballs - Beef, Veal, Pork with Tomato Sauce, Parmesan, Salsa Verde Mozzarella en Carozza - Italian Bread, Mozzarella, Prosciutto, Basil, Tomato Sauce Eggplant Parmesan Sandwich - Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Arugula on Ciabatini Margherita - Mozzarella and Basil Calabrese - Meatball, Sausage, Prosciutto Cotto, Mozzarella, Calabrian Chili, Salsa Verde Carbonara - Mozzarella, Pancetta, Cauliflower, Cracked Black Pepper, Farm Egg (added Sottocenere Truffle Cheese)  Located in The Linq and part of a relentless wave of new artisan pizzerias throughout Las Vegas, Block 16's "Flour & Barley" seems, at first glance, to be just another "me too" restaurant concept but with a well culled menu of Southern Italian plates to round out an interesting collection of wood fired pizzas it was with modestly high expectations that I sat down to lunch with four others on Saturday.  Originally seated outside but later transitioning indoors as thumping music and debris from a nearby palm tree made the former unpleasant it should first be said that the interior of the restaurant warrants a look even for those opting for a 'slice' at the Linqside window as design flourishes such as repurposed barstools and lighting are built to wow and moving past expected freshman service mistakes to the meal that transpired, most of it was good - no more and no less.  Beginning with appetizers, expectedly suffering from on-strip pricing much like the pies, a trio of plates arrived after rather forgettable breadsticks and with the meatballs and whole-milk mozzarella ham sandwiches both pleasant enough only the eggplant really shined; the breading harkening panko and the meaty vegetable supple without being oily in the least.  Focusing next on Pizza, one white and two red, a quick look at the crust shows a good char begetting a crisp chew to mixed flours imbued with either semolina or corn, and moving on to ingredients both meats and cheeses shined - a truffled addition to the Carbonara adding great depth to a pie that easily stole the show from overly sugared San Marzanos hampering the simple Margherita and spicy Calabrese.  Passing on desserts based on a complete lack of creativity and the presence of Sprinkles next door it was to the tune of $125 after taxes and tip that we settled the tab and while I'm rarely one to quibble prices suffice it to say there are better pizzas and superior red sauce Italian values to be found throughout the Valley...even on strip I can name at least five.
1 Our experience was pretty bad.  The server forgot our drink.  Ordered the wrong pizza which got sent back before our appetizer even arrived.  Then we got the pizza we ordered only to find out he forgot our appetizer too.  This place is over priced and the food is mediocre.  I will not go back.
4 While we did not dine this time, we ordered cocktails and checked the place out.   The staff was very friendly, passionate and knowledgeable about their menu. The decor is casual, fun and inviting. I really loved the Italian bar stools made of medel and branded in various automotive brands. The bleachers hanging from the ceiling is pretty kitchie too.  I did find the pricing to be a bit high, however not having tasted the food, as yet, I will reserve my comment.  There is nothing better than walking into an establishment where the staff is happy to be there and it shines through from the moment they greet and seat you, until you say goodbye.  I will definitely be back.
4 Sat at the bar-HUGE beer selection. The day was really cold so I wanted tea, Nice hot tea selection also. Tasty calamari. We added several things to an existing pizza so we got a yummy creation. Solid choice. Random but heads up no vegan cheese available.
2 Flour and Barley which appears to be a hip pizzeria nestled in the center of the new linq truly was a disappointment in terms of the quality of pizza and the service provided.  The decor of the restaurant is nice and trendy.  An appeal of an "upscale" eerhem "overpriced" pizza place.  There is seating inside or out depending on your preference and of course availability.  Service was cordial initially with the hostess but when we were seated our server really wasn't all that welcoming.  Constantly approaching our table asking if we were ready when we literally picked up the menu.  I did have an issue with nuts being in the pizza and asked if I could substitute that with spinach instead.  Server asked the manager and approved of my request.   They don't provide bread but give out these measly pocky-like bread sticks.   The menu has two kinds of pizza.  White garlic based and the standard marinara.  We opted for the marinara pepperoni and spinach pizza.  The pizza was so mediocre.  Honestly the pizza tasted just like s'barros but with a $18 price tag.  I also ordered some clam appetizer with breading which came with 6 clams I believe but were so tiny.   Overall, I would not return to this restaurant based on the server constantly bothering my dining experience and the poor quality of the pizza.
2 I gave this 2 stars for  the pizza only great pizza way to much money for 10 in pizza., service sucks!!!!!!!!!!!! got only 1 glass of water never a refill, table next to us got food in 10 min. antipasta salad, a joke waited 30 min for sliced meat cheese and olives on a cutting board, no lettuce, the  young and not to smart waitress did not tell us there was no lettuce.
5 Food is great!  Fast and friendly service.  Get the meatballs and arugula salad.  So good!
5 This place is amazing! Here are my top 5 reasons why:   1. They cater to VEGANS! If you're dining in, you can request the vegan cheese, which is tofu-based. It melts PERFECTLY. I even asked the server to double-check because it was way believable! I ordered the Verdure pizza (zucchini, eggplant, artichoke, mushrooms & spinach, sans the pecorino & mozzarella since they're dairy). I even made it more flavorful by topping my slices with my arugula salad, which came with a light, yet flavorful vinaigrette. I'm over here still trippin' out about the tofu "cheese." Delish!  2. The ambience. The inside of the restaurant is so detailed and designed with a baseball stadium in mind. Silver bleachers actually hang from the high ceilings and the tables are made of ash wood, the same exact wood used for baseball bats. Dope! The bar chairs look fresh too - I found out that they're actually repurposed oil drums shipped from Italy. Faaancy. The bar is right next to the kitchen, so there's a lot of action going on around here.   3. The patio. We chose to sit outside since it was a nice day. It felt so mellow and laid-back, yet you get the energy from all the people walking through The LINQ's outdoor shopping plaza. Plus, gazing at the High Roller while munching on some pizza slices isn't too shabby, either.   4. The location. I mean, I'd still go here even if it weren't at such a cool shopping space, but being at The LINQ makes it even cooler. If I want a vegan dessert, I'm only a couple of steps from Sprinkles, which serves up red velvet vegan cupcakes upon request. Holla!   5. My hubby was happy. :) He enjoyed his food, so I know we'll come back to visit! He's not a vegan, so he enjoyed clam pasta and these fancy schmancy-type grilled cheese sandwiches (Mozzerella en Carroza if you want to get technical). Needless to say, he gobbled everything up!   We're locals, so to say we'd back to a Strip resty means a lot. Plus, the staff was friendly and catered to my dietary needs. Anyone that doesn't give me "the eye" for being vegan is coo' peoples in my book, ya feel me!   I recommend dining outside (definitely at night during the summer months!) just because the people-watching and High Roller view is awesome. But the inside is cool too, especially if you want to experience that baseball stadium / buzzing bar scene. I'm just hoping the vegan tofu cheese is here to stay!   Oh, and if you're looking to eat on the go (like hitting up a show at Brooklyn Bowl - aw yee, that kinda rhymed!), there's a convenient walk-up pizza window to the left of the resty.   Get your pizza on!
3 Flour & Barley is the brick oven pizza restaurant of the Linq. It is toward the center of the Linq under Brooklyn Bowl and a stone's throw from the High Roller Ferris Wheel.     Where the High Roller is currently the largest ferris wheel in the World, the Flour & Barley pizza pie seems to be the smallest pizza pie in the World. Okay,  its probably not the smallest but would be in the running. I ordered the Calabrese, which includes meatballs, Italian sausages, mozzarella, chili, and verde. I know this is the Las Vegas Strip and all; but if you are charging $21 for a pizza pie please be a bit generous and offer more than four small slices. To my eyes, this portion was the equivalent of hamburger sliders.     As some of the other Yelpers stated, Flour & Barley is an attractive restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating that overlooks the Linq. If you pass over dining in this attractive restaurant,  there is an outside take out window.   Inside this attractive restaurant are friendly servers. They were on the 8 ball.   Being a local, I know that there is a world of better brick oven pizza restaurants than Flour & Barley in the Las Vegas Valley. And one of them is on the Strip. It is Grimaldi's Pizza with locations in the Palazza and Fashion Show Mall. For close to $20, Grimaldi's serves  a larger personal pie with a coke and house bread in a classy environment. With all this said, I do not see checking-in to Flour & Barley in the foreseeable future.
1 A group of friends and I went on a busy Saturday night. From the time they claimed our table was ready, it was a disaster. They said our table was ready, but told us to wait right in the doorway. They had some werird Post-It Note system that obviously wasn't working for the hostesses. They fumbled with the notes more than actually greeting guests. Three different employees asked if they could help us and acted like we weren't supposed to be there.   We finally get to our table and sit there for about 15 minutes until anyone says anything to us. The waitress takes our drink orders and is somewhat confused by the beer I ordered but eventually figured it out. We ordered food right away because we knew it would be a while and we had a show to catch.   The drinks came before our water glasses were filled, but my friend ordered a pitcher of sangria, and finally had to get up and get a glass for herself.   On the menu outside the restaurant, they have a whole section of sandwiches, but they weren't on the menu for dinner. Very disappointing.   Two ladies ordered salads, while my friend and I shared a pizza. The salads were obviously their meals but they were brought out well before the pizza. We told them to dig in but they waited until we got our pizza. Good servers know to ask these types of questions.   The table next to us had been complaining about how long they were waiting for their salads, so when our table got our first, they made a scene and got up and left.   Our pizza was mediocre... Undercooked and bland. Also, we paid an extra $3.50 for about 10 tiny slices of pepperoni. The girls' salads looked good but one could barely eat hers because the dressing was so salty.   Overall bad experience. Very expensive and the staff needs some practice handling a busy night.
3 Quality pizza that is above chain and little dinky places. Overpriced, but guess that was to be expected as it is located at a prime spot on the strip. You can go inside for a restaurant experience or just order from the window outside. Inside, there are more food options, but the pizzas are small personal size ones (low $$ range). At the window, they sell pizza by the slice for $5 each or a whole huge one for $35 and these are already made. You can taste the goodness of the brick oven cooking, but the pizzas still lack a unique wowness that would have made them superb.
2 Rating is totally based on the pizza, which is waaay overpriced and came out undercooked. The toppings looked quality but on top of the miniature doughy pizza they got lost. Look at the pictures, the pizza is on an average size dinner plate. Other food may be great but I'll never know cuz I won't be back.  Service was ok.   Short version: their pizza sucks
2 A whole pizza was about the size of a plate and you only get 4 slices. I've had better Vegan pizza at other parlors.   Seems like there was only one woman's and one men's restroom so you would have to wait in line on a busy day. Not practical.
3 The place has a great address. Sitting outside is good for people watching. The food was average at best. We asked that the cheese be left off our pizza and salad. So the salad was basically just a bowl of lettuce for $12.00 and same with the pizza. Very basic.  You are paying for the location, not the quality of food.
5 Amazing. Brick oven pizza authentic Italian dishes.  Taby was a great server knew the menu and offered great suggestions. All the pizza was fantastic and the bellinis were the best dessert.
2 Food wasn't bad , and service was great!! Very pricey for portions offered. I wouldn't tell anyone to eat here but I wouldn't tell them not too! Not very impressed, just okay!!
2 Expensive for what you get, even for Vegas. Staff was ok, but manager was rude. If your not going to open at 11 keep the doors locked.   Food was average.
1 This wait is ridiculous. Haven't even tried the food yet but it's been 45 minutes, our waiter hasn't checked up on us in 30 and I had to wait 10 minutes for the single person restroom. This is absolutely unacceptable regardless of how the food tastes.
2 Quick review, as others have stated the pizza is small.  One pizza per person at best.  I ordered the cheese pizza and a sausage pizza.  It took approximately 40 minutes to get our order and they didn't even look that busy.  Sodas are $4 a piece and never even got a chance to get a refill.  Our waitress came by maybe 1 time after getting our food.  As for the food quality itself, I have had better out of a Smith's frozen pizza.  Definitely will NOT be coming back here.  Other than the great atmosphere, I don't see this place lasting.
5 Reading the reviews on here make me raise an eyebrow. My family and I went to ride the big wheel and came across flour and barley....Now being a guy my two favorite things are pizza and beer....hopefully my wife doesnt read this...this place was packed..obviously its gotta be good... Well let me tell you it was great. Of course being in the middle of the Las Vegas strip it is going to be busy and costly, but hey this isnt little casears....the service is quick, efficient, and professional. Our server Porsche..yes like the car, was a bubbly cute server with alot of energy and knowledge. We started with calamari, mozzarella cartozza, arugula salad. All were prepared simply and flavorful. The sauce with the calamari was amazing if you guys bottle this stuff send me a case. We then had 3 pizzas: calabrese, big apple, carbonara. The first 2 were amazing....but the carbonara holy pizza dough, this pie was awesome, chewy crust, lite char, bubbly cheese and 2 yes 2 over easy eggs....simply heavenly. We opted out of dessert as we were stuffed. It is a pricey but for this quality and service I expect to pay....keep up the good work!!!!! We will be back
1 Food here was not that good.. The service was slow and food server  was Not friendly. It took them 45 minutes to bring out my linguini and clam food order. The food quality was not great there. I also think the restaurant is very pricey for the food portions you get.
2 Remember, Opinions.  It's been about 2 weeks since i've eaten here and I can still remember how mediocre the food quality was. I remember ordering a pizza, some pasta, and some fried calamari. In short, the Calamari was good, but it wasn't THAT good. I've had better eating at a karaoke joint. The Pizza was a small portion, it looked good but it tasted average. You can taste the freshness, but for some reason i couldn't be enjoying it for the money and size that it was. The pasta felt as if it was drenched with sauce. It tasted good but only if I were someone who didn't mind if it were smothered too much with sauce.  Customer service was good though. Our waitress was friendly and had a good attitude so I believe this review deserved an extra star. I think I remember paying $60 to $70 for pasta, pizza and fried Calamari, and one hot tea.  Not really the place i would recommend for italian, unless you're very hungry. They also have a to-go window right next to the entrance.
2 I would not recommend this restaurant to any locals. Service was very slow, and the menu prices are high for the quality of the food.   Also, we were seated on the patio in 75 degree weather. The manager wanted to turn the misting system on while we were eating, because there was a very strong marijuana odor coming from Brooklyn bowl. We told him it's too cold for that and asked what he thinks that will do. Just overall a very disappointing experience.
3 -- THIS REVIEW IS BEING DIRECTLY ADDRESSED TO THE OWNERS --  In a nutshell -- you've got the right idea, at the right location, with the wrong prices.    As soon as possible your pizzas need to drop to no more than $12 each.  Why?  They are the lightest and fluffiest pizzas I've had in some time.  Kinda Wonder Bread Pizza, which isn't the worst thing in the world.  It's actually kind of cool -- but not at $20 a pop for a 'snack' pizza which doesn't quite feed one.  Your target customer is someone who doesn't want to spend this kind of money on the strip.  That's kind of what the Linq is all about.  Anti-Casino.  Being outside and freer somehow.  Gouging on airy pizza is a serious mistake.  The pizzas my partner in crime and I had were tasty, mind you.  And the salad we ordered was delicious.  But ripping people off because 'it's the strip' is STUPID.  It will lead to very hesitant recommendations and hesitant repeat business.  A personal pizza that is so light and airy would be about $6 anywhere in the real world, for in order to feel full, you'd either have to order a second or a side dish.  Adjusting for the strip location and such, $10 feels about right.  DROP YOUR DAMN PRICES.
4 I whole-heartedly agree with the other reviewers that their prices are too high.  $17 for a hamburger, $25 for pasta Bolognese and an average of $19 for a small size pizza.  The slices at the take out window looked bigger.  All that being said, the pizza was delicious.  And so was the salads (we sampled them all!).  And so was the pasta ......and meatballs.  We also had a great server (tony), who brought his "A" game that night.  22 people, in/out/happy in about an hour.  Stick with salads and pizzas (lots of them) and you'll be content.
2 I don't recommend this place. This is a tourist trap with high prices for the quality and portion sizes you get. Service is slow and it seems everyone, from bartenders to servers to hostess have an entitlement attitude. Definitely not friendly. You do better going to Pizza Rock across town for a much better pizza, more down to earth atmosphere and great service.
2 Slice window review!  Skip! ... end of review. The only time you should be here is if you're in too much of a rush to eat anywhere else. Due to the chewy dough, unremarkable sauce and the fact that they might have been sitting there all day, all of the slices are mediocre at best. Everything seems pretty low quality, maybe a slight step up from Domino's or Papa Johns. It seems like you can get some higher quality items inside, so maybe do yourself a favor and eat in there, but from what I've seen from the 3 slices I've rocked here, that might not be much better.   Prices: $4 plain slice, $5 one topping, $5.75 specialty slices...bleh Compare that to Pop Up Pizza who is serving 2 specialty slices and a soda for $7 and some change :/
2 I'll echo most of the other reviewers and say that this place is much too expensive for what you get.  Dinner for two (one pizza, an order of calamari, and 4 beers), and the bill was just under $100 before tip.  The food was mostly mediocre.  The calamari was fine, but the pizza was bland and quite a few steps below Due Forni, Settebello, Grimaldi's, Those Guys Pies, and Custom Built.  The restaurant itself is pleasant (I appreciated that they don't pack the tables as closely together as most restaurants), and our server was good.  That said, I don't think I'll be back.  The Brooklyn Bowl is next door.  Its food is just as expensive, but it's also leaps and bounds better than this place.  Really disappointing.
2 Great service, truly, and a lovely beer selection, but it ends there. Way overpriced for what it is. But most importantly, the pizza is tasteless. Seriously, did they find a secret way to suck the flavor out of the pizza? I don't get it. At all. If I closed my eyes I'd have no idea what I was eating.
4 The food was very good, just don't expect to have leftovers as the portions are small. Since it's in a tourist spot expect to pay for that also.
4 Great place! Tony was excellent. Jersey connection from Toms River. They even had cannoli martini's.
3 We stopped here because the kids really wanted pizza before going on the high roller. The food itself was good, I just think it was overpriced for what it was. Being locals I could not honestly see ourselves making an effort to come back but to be honest we are probably not the crowd they are after.
2 Pizza wasn't that great and was ridiculously overpriced, almost laughable.   But hey, it was late and we were starving.   The hostess was dense, but our waitress was friendly enough.   Won't be back.
2 Food was mediocre at best, and overpriced. Rotating beer on cask is a great idea, but half a pint for the pint price just seems wrong. Server was nice, there were only for other tables while we were there. Can't see making a return visit.
5 Service was perfect. Food was tasty. Ambiance was great - we sat out on the patio and had a lovely time people watching and enjoying the weather.  We ordered two pizzas and the meatballs appetizer for two adults, a teenager and a big kid. It was the perfect amount of food. Meatballs had a pesto sauce and were delicious. Our drinks were never empty.   My only complaint is the price was higher than you might expect for a pizza joint. But it definitely is more upscale than your average pizza joint. They make everything fresh, from scratch and have a variety of pastas. So you pay for quality and it is Vegas, after all. The sodas were $4-6, kinda pricey and it was $19 for a 22-ounce Lagunitas IPA.   Overall it was a nice experience. We live in Vegas and will definitely be back!
4 The food was delicious and the service was excellent. The price is expensive.  I'd be surprised if the 6 or 7 restaurants in the LINQ survive because I'm sure they have a big nut to crack each month and the prices will keep a lot of lookers just looking.  Although we enjoyed our dinner at Flour & Barley it is unlikely that we would be in any rush to go back--mainly because of the price.   Good luck to Flour & Barley.
1 So I'm going to make it simple.  Pizzas are overly priced and they're really not that great. On top of that, service is excruciatingly slow. We saw 2 different tables walk away because they couldn't place an order.  It has a nice ambiance since it's at The Linq, but I will NOT come back to this place at all.
1 Went to the Linq to enjoy a Sunday Funday and I was craving some yummy pizza. We decided to give this place a shot so we sat down expecting a delicious and fun experience.   Our server was extremely slow. He took our drink order and then disappeared. I had to stand up and wave him down in order for him to come back to our table. I ordered the burrata salad and I shared a pizza with my boyfriend. The pizzas were incredibly overpriced and small enough to feed a kid! The pizzas were 10 inches but they were charging as if they were SUPER EXTRA large pizzas. The pizzas were OK. Not the greatest at all. My burrata salad was good, but how can you mess that one up? It's just arugula, burrata, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar. Not too complicated.    After taking our order, he never checked to see how our food was, if we needed anything else, nothing! Just absolutely HORRIBLE service. We finished our meal and then we had to wave him down AGAIN to pay for our check.  The bill was ridiculous. I am never coming back to this place and I will not recommend it to anybody that I know.
5 Great wood-fired pizza with fresh ingredients and good beer!  Will return and recommend.  Reminds me of my favorite NY pizza!
4 Very good pizza. Brick oven. Almost as good as wood fired. Service and prices were also good. I would like to return!
3 I did not expect them to have vegan pizza!!!  It's not mentioned on the menu for some reason. But they do, and it's quite good. I asked and confirmed with the server (who was very upbeat, lively, and talkative) that they had vegan pizzas, so that's what I ordered.  Then the server brought a regular, non-vegan one. Even after we just had a 2 minute conversation on vegan pizzas! When he came back we told him that I needed a VEGAN pizza... and he suddenly looked like we kicked his dog. At first he didn't even say anything, and his smile completely disappeared. He went to talk to some other people (chef, server, supervisor...not sure), and then after a while came back with vegan pizza. So that was a relief, but now I'm scared there was a loogie in it or something.
2 The good: The atmosphere is nice and our waiter was nice.  The bad: extremely overpriced pizza. Yes, the pizza I had was good but I can go to Grimaldi's and get a way bigger pizza for what they charge at this joint. We only ordered two 10" pizzas and it was $43. We didn't even have drinks, just water. They don't offer bread here either. I love how this is an "Italian" place yet no Caesar salad on the menu.   Service is SSSLLOOOOWWWWW.   I won't return. I would rather go to a cheap pizza by the slice place than spend the amount you spend here. It's just pizza, not science.
5 Loved the beer selection and their pizzas were delicious! They serve most of the beer out of bottles with multiple pours so you're actually getting a decent deal on great beer. The staff was also friendly and courteous.
5 Meatballs were the best! We eat meatballs everywhere we go and these were by far the best! Bloody Mary needs some work....
4 We had early dinner reservations, but arrived at a time when it wasn't too busy, so may not have needed them. Regardless, we were seated right away and then greeted by our server almost immediately. We were told the special pizza of the day, it sounded intriguing (zucchini and prosciutto with ricotta and another cheese). While waiting, we were provided with delicious thin breadsticks to munch on. The pizza was fabulous, with a light and soft crust that had the perfect amount of crispiness. The "personal" size was  at least 12", so we were glad to have shared it, plus a generous Caesar salad.  The decor is loft-like, with brick interior, a large bar, flat-screen TVs and and a nice view of the Linq, with it's shops, restaurants, and attractions. There is also a large outdoor eating area, complete with misters. Approved!!!
5 Enjoyed lunch here today! I got a margharita pizza and my friend got a silicce sandwich and we both enjoyed our food immensely. The wait staff was very nice and fast too. Would eat here again!
2 Was I being punk'd?   Fully aware that this is a trap designed for tourists that aren't looking for anything too complicated.. I decided as a local yelper, I had to give it a try. The hostess was smiling and friendly. That's about where the fun stops.   We asked to be seated in the outdoor area, which we were told had a long wait. No problem, we'll sit inside. We are seated at some type of food bar where we sat for over 10 minutes without even being greeted. So I go back out to the hostess and ask for a different table, as no-one had come to check on us at the bar. We were quickly sat further inside a table for two.   Great.   Nope. My chair must have been in some walkway. I was constantly bumped. Like 5-6 times, before I politely mentioned to a passing employee that it was difficult to enjoy myself while my chair kept getting knocked around. That happened again a couple more times, but an effort was made after that.   The food. What? Everything was so sloppy tasting,bc and a clam pizza ($19 personal size) arrived before the appetizer. Drinks showed up just after the pizza. I saw the server 2x. Once in the beginning, once at the end. Pretty uncool though. So for about $60 for two people and Crap service, sorry to say we won't be back. Happy Eating.
4 Dined here for dinner on the Fourth of July and was extremely impressed with the wonderful service from our sweet waitress. We ordered the Davino (?) pizza which was a little spicy, even for this Latina girl, but o so delicious. My husband and I shared a salad and everything came out quick and delicious. It was also really nice to sit on the patio and watch the fireworks, will look forward to dining here again.
2 The food was tasty, but dang was this place overpriced. Two personal pizzas, an appetizer and a couple beers for over $100? No thank you. I know, it's Vegas, everything is expensive, and it's a definitely tourist trap - but I would have much rather gone to a fancy restaurant or somewhere I expected to drop so much money than to a personal pizza place.  The pizza was okay - nothing terribly exciting, but with some unique toppings. We had appetizer meatballs which were good as well. I really wasn't blown away, and the price dissuades me from returning.
3 Phenomenally good pizza. Tasted very fresh! Quite a bit over priced though. $45 bucks for two personal sized pizzas. There are definitely better values out there.
4 The food was delicious! Our waitress was great and the decor is minimalist but original. I wish that we lived closer to this place.  Please put one in Louisville, Kentucky.
4 Very good food, okay service, bit pricy. And you can reach the WiFi from linq (its free)
