1 I never give 1 star before. But this time... We wait here for over 30 minutes to get our hot pot. When we finally got it so disappointing. The hot pot is really really has no flavor, it tastes like nothing even we order a spicy flavor! So does the BBQ.   And it wait so long! We just decided move to another restaurant.
1 Wait for long time. And the taste not worth the waiting at all. Price set high. I think I will not go back.
5 Loved this place and will be back again! So nice to have a new, different, choice in the neighborhood.  The staff was really nice and showed us how to order, add items in our hot pot, and made suggestions from the grill.  The grill items are like sushi or tapas in that they are small, economically priced, portions, and you can try a bunch.  We went nuts, had a beer, and still had a very reasonable check.  Our 8-yr old boy was with us too and they were great to him!
5 LOVE this place! The first place I can find in AZ has real Asian style BBQ Skewer. It's a small and cozy place. Good for date night and girls night to just enjoy the food since they open late till 12pm or 2am. We only try BBQ last night, and the taste is indeed perfectly delicious! Most of other BBQ place either make them too salty or sweet or sour, etc... Just doesn't taste right. But in here you don't have to worry about it at all. Staff are very polite and friendly. Give out good recommendation. A very nice dine-in experience. Will come back and try their Hot Pot or Bento next time.
5 This is a new open restaurant in Tempe. I saw some pics from a couple different friends and finally found it. It's  Japanese hot pot & Chinese BBQ. I had my favorite BBQ oysters, lamb skewer and garlic crabs. Also ordered a lamb hot pot , add a couple things in it. Everything came out just tooooooo delicious. My boyfriend and I almost finished everything after two hours.  Now I'm stuffed and I'm gonna go pass out on my bed having a great dream:) What an amazing night and I found my favorite little spot for real Asian food!
3 I can't speak for flavor as my companion opted to take us elsewhere. However I can say that this restaurant is immaculate and very eye pleasing. However, the decision to leave was prompted by some of the....non-traditional menu items that come to mind when thinking of Asian cuisine here stateside. This is an experience for the familiar and the bold who look to expand their gastronomic horizons. If you are looking for panda, don't turn right on Broadway. I will be back to eat and review again...alone.
4 Really excited that a hot pot restaurant is now nearby. Decided to give it a try and it was very satisfying! Cool ambiance, welcoming staff, great food! Must try the octopus appetizer!   Ordered a hot pot and split it between two of us. Enough to share, even without the add-ons.  Will come back!   Oh and free ice cream with every hot pot?! Score!   There are chef specials that we will come back to try!
4 Really solid. Despite the Takoyaki being just ok and a minor mixup on our order for garlic crab, everything was really good. Highly recommend the salt and pepper shrimp. Beef with scallions, and garlic crab. Everything was fresh and priced great. All the little grilled dishes are fresh and cheap. Fun to try different things. Will be back for hot pot and soju.
4 My buddy suggested this place.  He said that his friend came here a couple of weeks ago and really liked it, especially the fried octopus.  Well at lunch fried octopus is on the menu.  When you drive up the windows are so darkly tinted it looks closed, but that won't stop my friend and I and I am pretty happy we did.    The music is way to loud, to the point where we were almost yelling at each other to have a conversation.  Luckily no one else was I the restraunt.   We ordered the spicy beef hot pot; then added quail eggs, slices of beef, slices of lamb, tofu, fried tofu, cabbage.  Each add-on cost extra, but our total bill was only $25.00.  I have only eaten hot pot at my parents house, so I have no clue if that is expensive or not.  It also came with a bowl of rice (my friend added one more bowl for $1).  Again this was unusual to me because I've never had rice with hot pot.  The flavors of everything was really good.  I hit pot had imitation krab meat and corn in the soup. This just seemed very different for me.  Though I do love my parent's hot pot, so I know that I am super biased.   My friend ended up going there again the next night and said they have a different menu at night and it had the fried octopus, which he said was very good.  He felt the side dishes at night had more pieces of beef, six compared to the four slices we got at lunch.  I think I might try this place again.  Maybe.
4 I was weary about going here, i consider myself a connoisseur of hot pot, and i read peoples comments on IG posts, and they were not that great.  It reinforced my belief when i walked in and saw they had a sushi bar, a sushi bar at a Chinese hot pot place?  The decor was also Japanese which made me think it was a shabu shabu spot (which i do not like) but they had a Japanese BBQ grill which i wasn't mad at.  I ordered the spciy beef hotpot and she ordered the lamb, the lamb was not full of flavor but what it did have was richness, if you love lamb you don't usually want it overbearingly spicy in a soup. well, we don't at least (we had the cumin lamb as an appetizer for that) My hotpot on the other hand, was bursting with flavor, so much i ordered an extra side of enoki mushrooms to go with it, the spice level was perfect for a date (they told me i could get more spicy if i want next time)  and the best part was free ice cream at the end! we got the green tea, it wasn't that blah super sweet green tea you get from most sushi joints, it had a great base to it and finished off the meal perfectly.
5 Finally a hot pot restaurant that fill me up without emptying my wallet. Great environment for small group of people to try out their hot pot.   Was told this is the place for great hot pot and bbq. Was very happy about the experience with this restaurants. The owner couple are very young, energized and friendly.   Although the background music is a little loud, but I was focusing on the food too much. Don't go there after 7:00pm to mid-night over weekend unless you want to hang out with young Chinese crowd.   They did offer different sauce for the hot pot, but you have to ask for it. My favorite is the the seafood hot pot.
3 I've seen posts about this place so my husband and I decided to try it out.   We started off with the octopus ball, which was ok for me, it wasn't something I'd try again, but my husband said it was good. We wanted to order the salmon sashimi appetizer, but the waitress said it was a new item and wasn't sure if they had any. Bummer. My husband and I shared the Seafood Hot Pot and added sliced beef, quail eggs, and extra cabbage. The hot pot was good, but I wish they added more flavor to it. The waitress also gave us 3 pieces of their chicken meatball, which was DELICIOUS! I thought that was the best part of the meal!
5 I decided to come back here to try other dishes and I must say I was NOT disappointed. This time was better than the first time.  This time I had the Spicy Beef hot pot, which I absolutely LOVE. I actually prefer this than the Seafood hot pot. It has more flavor and the spice level was on point. We also ordered the Lamb, Chicken, and Beef skewer, let's say with every bite you have a burst of delicious flavor in your mouth. I highly recommend it!
4 I was referred to this place by a friend and she said it was OK. So, I had to find out for myself. Two other friends and I went on Friday and I was surprised to hear that it was open until 2am.  The staff greeted us and were very friendly.   We ordered two different types of hot pots. One was the seafood hot pot and the other one was the spicy beef. We also had side orders of lambs on a stick, beef on a stick, and also chicken. All the meats on a stick was really good, ver flavorful.   If I had to choose a hot pot, the spicy beef one was really good. Overall, it was worth a try and doesn't break too much of your wallet. I'll be going there again soon.
5 I am actually a traveler. I wish I could stay here as long as possible. Or maybe they could open another store in Boston. Service is good. I like the girl a lot. And food is very well presented and prepared. Very fresh I can tell. I ordered seafood hotpot and my friend ordered spicy beef hotpot. I would strongly recommend seafood hotpot!!  I will visit AZ again in a year maybe 2. I will definitely come by again.
4 This place is cute and cozy. Not a big restaurant but surely feels comfy. The food is surprisingly good. Especially the Takoyaki! Mmmm... I want some more :) Tried pork feet rice plate today and it was perfectly cooked, not too crunchy not too tender... I'm definitely coming back to try out some hot pot soon! Highly recommend.
4 Any time's a good time for hot pot, even when it's over 100 degrees outside! They offer combination hot pot meals, which are a great deal in that it includes a lot of veggies, noodles, and meat rather than at other places where you pay a la carte for your ingredients. They do have a la carte options though, for those that want a more customized experience.  We shared a lamb hot pot and a seafood hot pot. There were a plethora of ingredients in both. The lamb broth was more light tasting and a little oily. I enjoyed the seafood broth as it had more flavor.  The decor is a mix of contemporary and traditional, with traditional style Japanese wall murals and more modern styled tables and chairs. They've made good use of the small space they have.  They also have sushi, and other Japanese foods, such as takoyaki.   Overall, I enjoyed my meal and will definitely come here again!
2 Just moved from Chicago and was feeling both homesick and under the weather. Checked YELP and I came across this place. Hmm Hot Pot might just do the trick. I love Hot Pot, back in Chicago, I would drive to ChinaTown for Hot Pot all day.  So I was very excited to try this place.   I suggested this restaurant to my party and they agreed to try. It was about 30 minutes from where we were.  When you walk in, it looks like a Japanese restaurant with Korean music playing and staffed with Chinese employees.  We ordered three hot pots, Spicy Beef, Seafood and Lamb. Unfortunately they were nothing like the ones I was used to back in Chicago. Not their fault, I should have researched more.  As much as I want to LOVE their hot pot, I just cannot. It just did not have enough flavors. They also did not have the "free" ice cream nor did they offer substitutes.  The young lady that served us was very nice, however, she seemed to be lost. I believe she might need more training.  It also took a very long time for the food to come out.  There were six of us, when the bill came, they added the TIP for us since we had six people in our group.  None of us are willing to go back.  We do agree on one thing, both the server and the employees were nice. However, this restaurant is seriously lacking both service and food.  More training for the server ????
4 Simple, awesome, cool staff. Gotta support delicious legit asian food spots w cool peeps. I eat here everytime im in town for work.   Rice ball, just get it.  Bacon asparagus, get it.  Sake offering is legit  Awesome throwback edm.    Best spot ive found in this area  for epic yakitori.
