5 This was the first visit to the new premises which are quite nice.  Teri, the masseuse, is very knowledgeable and provides an excellent deep tissue massage.  Pricing is more than reasonable and Groupons are sometimes available.
4 I was finally able to book an appt after purchasing my groupon.  This is because they didn't have appt available when I wanted them or they just simply never answered their phone. But I will say it was well worth it.  I got Teri and right away I realized she was actually more of a physical therapist or something (in a very good way).  She is so knowledgeable, smart, and yeah at times she is doing physical therapy on you.  She is a very good massage therapist, the best I've had in Vegas.  The only reason I am giving four stars is because I did buy the groupon that included the aromatherapy but that was never provided to me. Also, Teri kinda talks throughout the whole session and I wish i would've had at least half the time to relax and just enjoy the massage instead of having to listen or talk.  However, the quality of the massage was superior and that is why I am going back to her again. In fact, I tried to book an appt earlier today but once again they didn't answer.  Maybe tomorrow they will.
5 This is the best massage I've ever had!! Upon entering, you might think you are in the wrong place because it is in a medical office building- rightfully so as all of the technicians and therapists seem to have some sort of medical background. The facility is neat and clean. Teri and Pedro did an excellent couples massage for my husband and I. This massage was definitely not your run-of-the-mill, massage school graduate massages. These people really know what they are doing. Afterward, they escorted us to another room for a couples facial- yes, they kept us together. No one else in town offers this! Glo (a perfect name for an esthetician) did a great job on facials and was very knowledgeable about our needs. They are VERY reasonably priced and worth every penny. This may become a monthly wellness appointment for both of us.
5 My friends and I found a Groupon ($55 for a 60 minute massage w/hot stones!) for Episage & decided to visit them for our massages while in Vegas, and I'm so happy we did!  Teri gave an AMAZING massage!!! She had me do a variety of easy and painless stretches that helped reset my muscles. She also massaged away all my kinks and helped loosen my trouble areas.  She's extremely friendly and LOVES what she does. She even showed me how I can incorporate the stretches at home to help "reprogram" my muscle memory. I would HIGHLY recommend Episage & Teri to anyone in Vegas looking for a good quality massage!
2 Your massage experience is as good as your masseuse, although the center has some responsibility to ensure consistency.  Have you ever gone to a massage center where they were playing Snoop Dog?  While I like Snoop Dog, my wife was expecting serenity, peacefulness, relaxation, etc.    We were visiting Vegas with our four kids, so I figured I'd give the wife a treat in the middle of our visit to allow her to rejuvenate via a $45 Groupon for 60 minutes of massage.  Her masseuse was very aggressive had a persistent attitude about her style of massage that my wife ended up hurt more than she was relaxed.  You could say she was injured and her body ached for the rest of the trip.  I can't give them more than two stars.  I'm not hating on them.  I guess my recommendation is that if you really want to try them, read the reviews and ask for specific masseuses' that have been mentioned.  I was wrong to assume that they are consistent across the board.  Good luck.
5 My friends and I were looking for a quick place to get some R&R and I am so glad we found episage! I would recommend Teri and my friend had a good experience with Carlos as well. The other yelpers we're right in the fact that the decor is not high class but it didn't affect my experience at all. Teri was very attentive to my needs and very easy to talk to. Definitely coming here again next time I'm in LV!
