5 Couldn't ask for better service. Was driving by, (working, don't tell anyone) and what looked like a party going on in the parking lot caught my eye. Pulled in, and was the grand opening for Fonestar cell phone repair. I had my iPad with a shattered screen with me. Brought it in and they gave me a fantastic deal on replacing it, did a perfect job, and it was done before I could turn around to pick it back up. Staff was super-friendly, great price, and can't say enough about the quality of the repair. (Can't tell it ever took a face plant onto a metal desk leg.) Never done one of these reviews, but usually don't find service like this in Las Vegas, so I felt I had to.
5 Fonestar Repair has given me full customer satisfaction. I recommend it to anyone who needs their device fixed promptly yet securely.
5 I got my iPhone 5 shattered screen fix at this place. The people here are cool, great service. Will definitely recommend this to everyone I know.
5 The most satisfying customer service I've ever had. The owners are cool and will do whatever it takes to help you out. Fast and negotiable. Definitely recommend this place!
4 I came here to fix the shattered screen on my iPhone 5s. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door which set a good tone for me. The price definitely wasn't as bad as I was expecting for a repair. When I get got my phone back it was just like new. I'm very accident prone and have gone through a lot of phones so now I have a regular place to come to instead of having to buy a new phone.
5 Great ipad repair service. Turned in my ipad with the screen shattered and got it back like new. Great price and I love the military discount. I will definitely be coming back whenever I need an electronic repaired.
5 Great service, competitive prices, and a quick fix!  As usual, I dropped my phone. Devastated to find that it was cracked I quickly searched for a few nearby areas for phone repair. This one was by far the cheapest one. Not only that, but they had great customer service.  Now I know where to go the next time I crack my screen (which hopefully won't happen again)  Definitely will recommend all my friends to check this place out, and everyone else should too :)
5 Fonestar, hands down the best place to get your phone fixed. I came in the store thinking that they wouldn't be able to fix my iphone5s that has been washed in the laundry. Needless to say my iphone was submerged under water for the whole cycle about 35-40 minutes. Once I found my phone I immediately knew that it was game over for my phone and that there was no way it's ever going to work. I left my phone at Fonestar for a whole day because the technician said the longer they have my phone the better outcome will be. The next day I got a call from Fonestar, thinking it would be bad news but luckily it was good news and that they fixed my phone and that all the memory is intact! When it was time to pay I was sure the price was going to be at least $150 or more but no it was less than $100! Long story short, Fonestar did the impossible, with such a cheap price! Definitely the place I would come back to for phone repairs and recommend to friends and family!!
5 Best customer service and prices in vegas hands down!!! I recommend everybody to get their phones fixed here!!!
5 So I came in here last week to see if they could unlock my iPhone 5s coz I wanna switch from AT&T to TMobile. They said it wouldn't be a problem and it'll only take 20 minutes, at the same time the technician guy noticed the small crack on the top right corner of my front screen. He offered to do it for $99.99 and he'll throw in a free screen protector if I said yes. And thus I said yes. And since he convinced me to do the cracked screen he promised me that he'll be done with both jobs in 30minutes OR IT'S FREE!!!!!!!  28minutes and 19seconds later (yes I timed him) holy cow!! He kept his promise.   I'm not very easily impressed but by goly this guy was good.  Overall: Price is reasonable, in my opinion it's pretty cheap. Service is beyond amazing, all good things to say. Quality is again out of this world awesome!  *when I like a place I can't shut up about it, and I'll be sure to mention to anyone and everyone.
5 This place is hands down the best place to get your phone fixed. I received great customer service and it was a really quick fix !! :) I will definitely recommend this place to everyone. If I could I would give 10 stars. Very satisfied with the work and customer service :)
5 Throughout my years of being an iPhone owner (since first gen of iphone), I have damaged my phone a reasonably amount of times from water damages, cracks, wifi problems and even customization. As a clumsy person I am, I am an experienced customer with most of the iPhone repair companies throughout the Vegas valley (specifically iPhone Doctors, Desert Wireless, Go Gadgets, & iRepairs).   Being the person I am, I have always needed my iPhone fixed right away. During my recent crisis with my iPhone (cracked screen, low wifi connection, broken volume button and unresponsive home button) luckily I have seen FoneStar Repair just down the street from my house! I went and checked the place out. The ambiance of the place was very modern & welcoming. I was addressed to right away by the owner and his service was very professional.   After explaining the disaster of my iPhone, the owner (Rann) gave me a reasonable price that I could not reject. After noting down my information, he told me to come back in an hour and a half. As excited as I was for getting my phone fixed, I came back 30 minutes earlier. The owner told me he was just finishing up with my phone. I was very astonished by how quick the repair was!  FoneStar Repair will most definitely be my #1 go to place for repairs. Not only do they repair Apple, but they also do other devices!   Overall: Very professional,  extremely fast repairs, & reasonable prices!!!!!
5 I came to FoneStar Repair last week when I visited Vegas for the convention. I Stayed at the Aria and I just love this city. Unfortunately my last visit to Vegas I hung around the pool too much and I was stupid enough to leave my Samsung note 3 too close to the pool. Long story short, the splashes got me.  Anyway, I brought my phone in for water damage and they told me they could fix it but it would take 24 hrs to dry and restore everything. I agreed. The next day my phone came back and all was great. I recommend their services to everyone.  Just a tip though, they only take cash.
5 My HTC had been acting up, randomly powering off and the power button was not working. They promised to have my phone done in 45 min. I had taken my phone to the sprint store and those guys could not fix my problem. When I got my phone back, I was completely satisfied. Would definitely recommend and return in the future if having any phone issues. Plus too they are right by the mall, so it makes the wait unnoticeable!
5 Pat on the back to the savvy technician of this shop! Could definitely attest that he is an expert at what he does. Just the way he explains everything assures you that you're in good hands. They are absolutely all about honest, selfless service. Nothing beats the quality of their work for a very reasonable price! Las Vegas is a high roller for having Fonestar Repair in town!!!
5 Great service! You'll always feel welcome, And they offer cheap prices for repair, service is quick, and friendly staff too! I highly recommend this place.
5 Cheap price for a GREAT SERVICE! I highly recommend this place to get your gadgets fixed, phone, computer, camera.. anything! They're definitely good at it!
4 I cracked the screen on my iPhone 5 and decided to wait it out bcos kiosk in malls and wireless toys charged $120+ to get it fix, & I didn't think my phone was too bad :/ eventually I dropped my phone again and my LCD screen went black, so for sure, I needed my iphone fixed then and there. Heard from a friend about fonestar repair. The guy charged $100+tax for the LCD and screen to be fixed. Good deal. I dropped it off in the morning & picked it up in the evening. Same day fix.   I took one star away just because they only accept cash and when I got my iphone back, I realized that my home button is cricked. It's not a big deal though considering he fixed everything for $100+tax, so why complain?
