1 27 minutes to get through the drive thru. Great product bad service...not worth the wait
5 EAT THE YELLOW SNOW!    Crap this place is good and it's right down the street from my house!    Get the tropical creme for 50 cents added to your shaved ice.  Got mine with red raspberry and it was awesome!  Not your typical cheap shaved ice here, they are serving high quality stuff.  I didn't think there were quality shaved ice joints, but this place is cool and they have a lot of options and other stuff besides shaved ice.    They have board games, interactive social media music options on their jukebox and good service.    The only con is that their prices are a bit high.  I'd recommend getting a "Baby" size shaved ice for $2.99.  There is a lot of shaved ice in the small/regular sizes... Dare I say too much?
5 This is a brand new location. It just opened 3/17/14. This location was super busy! Wait time was about 30 minutes inside. It was well worth the wait. I am really happy to see a bahama bucks close to my house. Talking to the manager. It is the largest Bahama Bucks in the country. It does have plenty of seats and tables inside and a nice patio outside. If you don't mind waiting, then give this Bahama Bucks a shot!
2 While the product was good, and very close to the real deal, the owner of this place, Jeff, allows his employees to hand out "sno" balls to customers and other employees to literally throw them at anyone they want. I went here with my wife and 2 year old daughter, and had to stand outside waiting for my order, for fear of my child getting slammed in the face with a ball of ice. Absolutely horrible and unprofessional way to operate such a business.
4 love bahama bucks! it's a delicious summer treat. they screwed up my 3 shaved ice orders but all the flavored are delicious so it wasn't too big of a deal I guess.
5 I love this place.  So refreshing.  It is really busy on the weekends!!!
5 Lots of things to choose from and it's all delicious!  Dangerous that they put one near our house, though!  Pretty busy right now, cuz they just opened, but there's lots of outdoor seating, which is nice on these beautiful AZ evenings.  Seems to be a big hangout for the high school crowd.
3 I agree that the wait time is to long. It's not real Hawaiian shaved ice. I recommend a small, you won't finish anything larger.
2 I'm SO sad coming to this location. Its the closest one to my house so I was so excited to try it out! I forgot to mention I wanted a flat top with my size small (usually they put it in a bigger cup and make it flat) but I didn't make a big deal when they gave me my small with a flat top. So my order was a bahama mama Rama half wedding cake half frosting with the tiniest but of strawberry. Well when I got home there was hardly any ice cream AT ALL maybe three bites of it. And it was entirely strawberry with a little bit of icing and no wedding cake. I'm so sad I paid for something I didn't want and hardly anything there. I know the location is new so I might try it out again but. I'm not sure at this point.
4 Best shaved ice around! I love their smoothies also and like that they have a stamp card which allows you to earn a free drink/item. I gave them 4 out of 5 stars because the last time I went the ice had a weird after taste like if they had used unfiltered water out of a garden hose. I've only experienced it once but it did ruin my shaved ice that day. It was probably a one off but enough to bring down my review.
1 The wait was horrible!!! I live right around the corner so I went to this new location. So disappointed! Went through the drive through cuz that's usually pretty quick...WRONG! There was 2 cars in front of me and it took a total of 35 minutes! I could've gone to the Mesa location and gotten back within that amount of time. So sad because I love this place but gosh, the wait sucked!
3 The service is slow and the shaved ice is only ok. The bahama bucks on southern and Mesa Drive is a lot better but they close an hour earlier so from 10-11 pm, this location will do.
3 I fell in love with this place at the Mesa location but I haven't been impressed with this one. First of all, they have all 16 year old kids working there. Now, they're nice enough, but frankly they're slow and all they do is socialize. After the 15 minutes it takes them to put some ice and syrup in a cup, I often realize that it's not even the correct order. Still decently priced and good tasting ( except the passion fruit syrup-- that's nasty) but lots to be desired service wise. Where's the management?
4 I've only had the cherry with cream and it's always been delicious!  Even the smalls are huge.  Only downside is the price...I don't remember these being so expensive before.  Still tasty though!
4 If you haven't been to this place you should definitely check it out!  They have the BEST shaved ice and its perfect for this hot weather!    Who would have thought about adding whipped cream to shaved ice.....brilliant!   Drive thru is sometimes a little slow... still it's worth the wait.  :)
4 Was very friendly and fast service. Not an Eegee, but very good. Very smooth and almost creamy. They give you huge servings, mediums were too much for us. Very sweet.
5 I dont even know if this is even shaved ice, its so awesome. Its so Finley shredded that there is no crunch. Nothing. Only problem is that wait is so long and the workers seem to talk more than they make delicious sno cones.
5 This was the first time we had been to Bahama Bucks...we heard about it from a friend and decided we needed to try. Definitely not disappointed!! Ordered the Cherry Bahama Rama Mama...it was delicious! The "baby" size was more than enough. Will definitely be going here again!
2 Took family from out of town today....and it was good....until we got to the bottom. The ice cream was sour...rotten? We all gaged and stupidly passed it around to confirm our suspicion. It was disgusting. I took them and told the staff, they apologized and offered us free coupons. It was a bummer....but we will be back. I'm sure it was not their fault.
