2 I guess they just opened a location here at Sky Harbor. I had never been to the original location, so I guess this is a truly objective review.   I'm not from Phoenix; just here for work and decided to have lunch here before my flight back home. But I wasn't that satisfied.   First impressions: great looking menu. I love american breakfast so I was very excited to try it out. I remember seeing the original location on an episode of Triple D as well. Apparently there's always a huge wait at the original location; definitely not the case here. I was seated in 10 seconds. Few reasons include the new location, noobie visitors who have never heard of it, and just the location in general. It's airport food, so you're only going to eat it because it's convenient. I wonder if anyone's ever booked a flight for another airline just because they know MBB is at Terminal 4! Furthermore, there's also a take-out section of the entrance that was completely empty as well.   The service was lacking. Don't get me wrong, the waitresses were very friendly, but they're definitely not on their game. First of all, I was seated at a long counter area that had customers on both sides -- not a problem. Probably could have sat 15 people staggered. Most people are dining alone anyways so no complaints on my end. What made me a little fed up was they seated another man RIGHT in front of me. Mind you, they were NOT busy and the counter is hardly 2 ft wide, so this man was pretty much breathing on my food. If I had leaned in another foot, I could have kissed the guy. I'm sure he wasn't happy either. Dude, stagger your customers if they're dining alone. If all other seats are taken, ask for the permission of both parties. The rest of the counter is empty. Even the guys next to me at their booth were like wtf. C'mon.   Every single person around me was missing something before they even got their food. I didn't receive a straw. My new involuntary best friend in front of me didn't get a napkin or utensils. And the other tables around me didn't get utensils or condiments. Get it together MBB!  Now onto the food. I ordered the Chop & Chick and asked for a waffle instead of toast; didn't mind paying extra. Waffle wasn't bad; tastes like a pretty good waffle I could have made at home. The pork chop and home fries had way too much rosemary. Also, the home fries weren't fries at all, they were just stir fried potatoes, but apparently most people are aware of this so that's my problem. The pork chop was good, a tad but overcooked but the flavor was good. Nothing I'd go out of the way for. and not that juicy either.   When I received my check, I noticed that I was charged for 2 full meals when I simply asked for one replacement item on my meal. They had charged me for a full waffle plate as well as the full chop & chick. The waffle plate comes with bacon ( I didn't receive bacon) and they didn't subtract the toast from my order. The toast wasn't a big deal at all, but the waitress could have told me that they don't have waffles a la carte instead of making me pay for 2 whole meals. This is NOT acceptable.   I was running late for my flight, so I didn't have the time to waive down the waitress. I just paid for the bill and left pretty irked. My meals are covered by the company, so whatever.   Won't be coming back here again. 2 stars.
1 I landed at the Phoenix airport and wanted a quick sandwich before my next flight. This isn't the place. The service is slow and the staff is inattentive. Had the waitstaff been working and not not talking or standing around, the service could be better. Hopefully their chicken sandwich will be worth the wait.
1 I was excited to discover that Matt's Big Breakfast had opened at Sky Harbor but it was quite possibly the worst dining experience I've had at an airport in quite some time.  I waited for nearly 15 minutes for a bowl of oatmeal and a coffee. After asking several times when my breakfast would be ready, and being told "Just a couple more minutes," I realized that I was going to leave the restaurant without my breakfast.  I requested a refund, however, the manager couldn't figure out how to work the register to handle my refund so I left without my receiving my breakfast or refund.  The manager kept suggesting that I be patient while waiting for my breakfast and again when I requested my refund.  Unfortunately I had a plane to catch and didn't have the luxury of waiting over 15 minutes for breakfast or to get my money back.    In case they haven't realized it yet - The airport is not the place to ask patrons to be patient!  Don't waste your time or money at this establishment.
5 I was lucky enough to have flown out of the US airways terminal and I'm so glad we did because this place is THE PLACE for breakfast within an airport. I've heard of the downtown location so i was eager once I spotted this bad boy.   I got the waffle which came with bacon.. The perfect combo for sweet and savory. The spices they use for the bacon separate this place from any other breakfast joint. I would come back here in a heart beat.  I might to stop at the downtown one more often now!
4 What a surprise to stumble upon this restaurant. My connecting flight changed gates two times, ending at gate 10....and net door is this fine establishment. My mind thinks breakfast at any time of the day or evening is a perfect choice so why not at least give this place a quick once over...  Interesting menu...the pork chop catches my eye so hey, why not, lets give this a go. It came out to the table in 5-minutes...steaming hot, with my eggs scrambled lightly as I asked, breakfast potatoes....I would have preferred hash browns, but these were good...toast, and one huge pork chop...awesome.  My eggs were perfect, and the potatoes were perfect as well, and the toast...I ordered rye, but didn't expect to get TEXAS rye toast...LOL, these were huge slices...buttery and quite tasty....and that pork chop...it was amazing, thick cut, minimal fat around the edges...bone in, and so moist and tasty.  What a real surprise finding this place...good service, excellent food, and the price...$9 I think....incredible.  Definitely earned a 4-star, perhaps a 5-star after a few more visits...in any event, a good experience all the way around. And speedy...in an airport waiting for your flight or making a connection, you don't have much time to sit around waiting for a server, food or a check when your meal is all done...this place was conscious of that requirement and did a great job. I will be back...I hope to see you there...!!!
5 Get take out or go late in the morning to avoid the long wait. Aside from that, this was the best breakfast I've ever had. Period. The pancakes were perfect. I didn't know pancakes could be this good. The bacon and hashbrowns were equally amazing. You might ask, how can you improve upon bacon, hashbrowns, and pancakes?  A fair question. The answer is, go try it and find out, you slacker.
1 I totally agree with some of the other reviews. I just do not get it. The food is not good and the service is terrible. They do have good bread but it is Wildflower Bread. I can go there for better food. I guess the whole buy local thing is important but the food is just not that good. I have had better at Denny's. And that is sure saying a lot. I do admit Their Egg Salad sandwich for lunch is not too bad but again nothing to write home about.
3 The Reuben is fairly decent for airport food. Home cut fries as well. Make sure you order an IPA to wash all that down.
5 Breakfast for dinner!  Awesome waffles, Bacon really peppery. I love it. Good bar too.
2 Took 30 min for a to go order. Poor service. Manager didn't seem to care. I would not recommend this establishment.
5 Scott at Matts BB is absolutely AMAZING!!! Some seriously awesome customer service! Thanks Scott! YTM!
2 I can only give this two stars at the airport I love Matts in downtown  But this one lacks the good food and is in jeopardy of being typical vs special  Ordered the bourbon chicken and it was bone dry and tough to cut  Wait staff didn't seem to care  Coleslaw wasn't the same no flavor which they tried to compensate for with pepper I rather walk down to cowboy ciao which is another speciality that so far is holding up to standards
5 So good! Food is always fresh, good portions and service is always fast. Best part is, breakfast is served all day!!  And if you enjoy a good Bloody Mary from time to time, this place really knows how to serve them up. Ask for the house Bloody Mary with their famous crispy bacon! Amazing!!
4 Ate at the Matt's in the airport, excellent food! Will go to the downtown location when I get back to Phoenix!
5 Service is so far above expectations at an airport.  Server April is a game changer.  Food is way beyond the norm.  Looks, smells, and tastes amazing.  Listen to the servers as to what you should order.  The house makes classics.  Oh, and "good portions" is not adequate.  Behemoth portions is the word, and for a great price.
4 Great place for breakfast. It's a local hotspot in the city of phoenix. I was stoked when they opened one in the airport. All of the food is made from fresh I frequents often from local producers. I got a breakfast burrito. It was bomb, but I wish the potatoes in it were hash browns instead of slices.   Will be back again.
1 The breakfast burrito I just had was not good. Besides being tasteless, it was dry and the cooks terribly burned the potatoes. The fresh squeezed orange juice also tasted like it was made from green unripe oranges. Maybe worth another shot some day but today was not a good experience.
1 Gosh, we love this place but not at this location. Slow service and terrible food. We nearly missed our flight to bring breakfast on board. The burrito was filled primarily with potatoes. I don't mind spending money at the airport for a good drink and grub, but our $60 dollar tab was a huge disappointment.
4 I had a layover in Phoenix and decided to get some breakfast for dinner (the best time to get breakfast, right?). Matt's biggest breakfast was large enough to split between two people. The highlight was definitely the griddle cake - it was crispy yet fluffy and just really flavorful. The eggs were good, the bacon was super flavorful and the sausages were smashed and delicious. We ordered a side of toast, but we could have skipped them - they are a little too thick for my liking.  If you're in terminal B1-14 and you feel like grabbing some breakfast foods, you can't go wrong here.
