4 Whenever I need to get my car washed on the weekend I come to Wash Wizard, and I've always known of the attached coffee shop but decided to give it a try this weekend. It recently changed over from the previous company and the guy who helped me out at the window was super pumped about their product and was very friendly. I made my own smoothie (peach, mango, & strawberry) and I opted to taste their homemade whipped cream before I got a bit on my smoothie. The smoothie was really good and he said that it was essentially just fruit (not a lot of additives which I appreciate). And I am not a whipped cream fanatic but there's was really good. Even though this place is so close to where I live I don't usually pass by, but I will definitely stop by if I'm in the mood for a smoothie or some coffee.
5 I stopped by this place a few weeks ago just because it happened to be on my way that day. The owner John and main barista Chris truly care about the coffee and have spared no expense making it the best coffee around. I will continue to tell everyone i know to get their coffee at this new spot in Tempe.
5 Best customer service! Every time I visit this place they always make me feel welcome.  I always get something new and never off the menu.  I am a huge fan of coffee and they have the best.  "Surprise me." Is what I always say and they have never given me something I didn't like.  They always have great deals. Will be my regular place!
5 I honestly think it's impossible to have a bad day after coming here. The only thing better than the amazing coffees is the welcoming customer service. They make everyone who stops at their window feel like the most important person in the universe. My best mornings start at Kona Coffee. I'm so glad they opened up so close to my little condo!
5 I love this place! The customer service is fantastic, they memorized our names and orders after only our second time there. The coffee is great and they always make sure that you like what you ordered.   If you like chai tea lattes, try it with the French vanilla syrup! It's delicious!
5 Great service and great coffee! You don't buy it until you try it! The owner was extremely friendly and explained their product and his employees were personable. Best service we've had at a coffee shop since we have been in Tempe!
5 Honestly the best coffee in Tempe or AZ for that matter. The guy that's always there is very nice and makes an awesome caramel macchiato. Reminds me of the coffee I'd get back in Seattle. If you're looking for something 100x better then Starbucks check this place out. Totally worth it
5 I'm not a coffee snob, but you really do get the best cup of coffee possible here. The lowest form you can order is still ground and french-pressed to order, and I don't think they're blowing smoke about the quality of the beans.  Insanely good coffee, like you don't even know. No $1 cup option for sure, but that's the price for the fancy-ass beans I suppose.  Good attitude from the employee, though they could use some process development to prevent follow-up questions
5 Coffee is way above par. The service can change your day from bad to amazing in the matter of seconds. Finally a drive thru without the blaring music and the knowledge of what a bad shot of espresso looks and taste like. Thank you. In my book you are a 10.
5 Move over Dutch Bro's, Kona 13 Coffee and Tea is where it's at!! I usually am a regular at Dutch Bro's but after seeing the line there the other day I decided to try somewhere new. Walking up to the window I was greeted by the nicest barista who wanted nothing more than to make my day.   I was unsure what I wanted so he gave me a sample of their signature frozen coffee drink. I was skeptical because I usually don't like cold coffee but to be polite I took a sip and HOLY HELL I was in love! It's like a coffee flavored slurpee from heaven. He then mentioned how they have dairy free smoothies and I am a sucker for a dairy free smoothie. (FYI you don't put dairy in smoothies, that's called a milkshake) I was able to mix any flavors I wanted and add whipped cream to it. They even make their own flavored whipped cream there! Strawberry banana, tiramisu, and more!   Lastly the owner came up and asked me what I usually get from other coffee stores and I told him an energy drink which is when he told me about their energy drink and well I obviously had to try it! OH LORDY it was fantastic! They had a few flavors and I tried the cherry-lime which is hands down better than any energy drink i've ever had. I even went back today and got another flavor of tangerine pineapple which equally blew my mind.   The barista is so good at what he does I think I am just going to have to say "surprise me" next time I go because he truly knows what he is doing. Best part of this experience is the personable customer service. They want nothing more than to satisfy the customer and it makes my day just going by there. I will probably go there every day if not every other day for as long as I am in Arizona.   GO TO KONA 13 COFFEE! YOU WILL REGRET IT IF YOU DONT!!
5 Kona 13 definitely knows what's what in the coffee world!   My brother recommended we stop for a drink after breakfast, I was a little skeptical about giving this place a try but I am very glad we stopped.    I had a sip of just plain black coffee and the flavor was fantastic (hot but fantastic!) I also sampled the caramel macchiato which was better than any other version of this drink i have had.   If in the area, this is the place to get your coffee!
5 This place rocks and Chris knows his stuff. Keep up the outstanding service and great drinks.
5 Unique flavors. Amazing baristas! Never in my life have I been offered flavored whipped cream!! Strawberry caramel whip! My mind was blown! New favorite spot hands down!
5 Solid coffee experience within walking distance of my house? I'm in trouble. Actually I'm not because their iced coffee is only $2.50 and because I like to taste my coffee it'll likely be the only thing I order from here.   The experience of Kona 13 is similar to that of a Dutch Bros.: drive thru+walk up window with a small patio and seating. Kona beats Dutch with their fountain/pond on the patio; I love me some ambience.   The coffee here is smooth and delicious and is fantastic hot or cold, though as we have breached the 100 degree threshold, cold is the only way to do it. I haven't had any of their speciality drinks because again, I like my coffee to taste like coffee but I'm betting those are great too.   The service here is SO genuinely friendly and has made for a great start to my day anytime I stop by before work. Oh yeah did I mention this place is on my way to work? Again, I am IN TROUBLE. But when the trouble is good coffee, I'm ok with it.
5 Coffee is perhaps a necessity in my life, hence making it important for me to find the greatest of coffee shops. Driving by Kona 13 was perhaps the best decision I've ever made.   My first experience was with Chris, indeed the best barista I've ever encountered. I've been to Dutch Bros. and other related coffee shops in the past, and they all seem to have a somewhat friendly crew. But Chris is, without a doubt, the most genuine and knowledgable barista I've ever had the pleasure meeting. Ignoring the fact that Kona 13 uses only the greatest of syrups from the French Alps, and makes extremely delicious drinks, Chris is the reason I refer my friends and keep returning.  My advice: try it and you won't be disappointed. I guarantee it.
4 What a fun and different approach to a drive thru pick-me-up. Coffee lovers should relish in appreciation for Kona. Iced or in a nice French press, this is a good product at a good price delivered with great customer service.
4 This is a great little coffee house, but I have two complaints, the service is a little slow and the hours are not great either.  They open too late and close too early.  They have a drive thru which is important to a lot of people.  If you are adventurous  try a Bullet Proof Coffee, otherwise order what you would order at any other coffee shop I'm sure they can make it.  To make a long story short they'd get a 5 if their service was faster and their hours were longer.
5 Try the Dana it's Delicious.  The drinks are fabulous! I really like stopping by here while I'm waiting for my car to get cleaned at Wash Wizard. Every time that I have been here the staff are super friendly and seem to genuinely enjoy what they're doing.   Looking forward to being a long-time customer. :D
5 Customer service can't be better. And the coffee is delicious too!
5 Always have my car wash and coffee Wednesdays. Usually been grabing Dutch bros or Starbucks. I found my new oasis. The team is great there and love exploring flavors to make the best possible drink. I have to give 5 out of 5. The lemonade and the iced coffee flavors are spot on. Doesn't hurt that you can grab a quick car wash while your enjoying your beverage.
5 Great coffee, an awesome menu with creative choices and the few we picked didn't disappoint...  But what really stands out here is the customer service: the staff is ridiculously attentive, amazingly courteous and was enthusiastically and proactively willing to make sure we knew what we needed to know and were happy with what we got.   If you're looking for a good coffee (and maybe a kickass car wash y todo) then this is your "huckleberry". Add it to the list of a place to hit up if you're near Tempe.
