5 Super friendly and delish! So what's not to love?! They have shaved ice cream in six flavors to choose from with over 30 toppings to choose from and 4 drizzles! Then they every flavor of Thrifty's too! This is certainly going to be the new HOT SPOT!!!! We will be back for sure!
3 Shaved ice was not what I was expecting at all! More like flavorless cotton candy! I tried to exchange it for 1 scoop of strawberry cheesecake ice cream but they still charged me for it, even after tossing a full bowl of the other crap away.  Being that 1 scoop was not enough to satisfy my crave, I Had to try the ice cream doughnut sandwich.... Skimpy on the ice cream but damn, it was good! Because of the thrifty's ice cream alone, I'll more than likely be back but I'm hoping they take care of their customers better.
5 Finally a shaved ice place located in the Northwest side of town.   After seeing that Yuki just opened I was totally excited to try their shaved ice. The lady who I believe is the owner was really friendly and helpful. I got to try samples of their shaved iced since I didn't know which flavor I wanted. I tried the honey dew, green tea, and strawberry. I went for the strawberry with strawberry poppin boba, mochi, and drizzled with condensed milk. I was also excited that they sell Thrifty Ice Cream, if you haven't had Thrifty ice cream you have not fully lived.  Overall I will definitely be coming back!
4 Very friendly staff, clean place and a ton of variety! My sister in law and I went after hearing from a friend that they also had thrifty ice cream MY FAV!!! We opted for the pints instead of the cone to take some home! My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the ice cream wasn't solid enough meaning it melted quick and was really more of a soft serve/thick milk shake consistency so much so that when they used the thrifty ice cream scoop for people before us it was too mushy to stay in form better yet get a clean scoop.... Just preference I like it a bit more frozen. Overs great experience and will go back :)
5 Very friendly staff and cute shop! This has become my new favorite ice cream shop! You must try it!!
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!!  I absolutely love Yuki Shaved Snow!!!!...I have been waiting for a good ice cream shop since moving to the Northwest part of Las Vegas. Whats amazing about Yuki is the variety...I can have my old school favorite Thrifty Ice Cream and they carry all the best flavors with a new featured flavor every week or I can have shaved snow... Shaved snow is not your typical Hawaiian shaved ice its so much better because unlike shaved ice the flavor is in the ice not just a liquid poured on top of ice... There are so many options to choose from and even for a bigger slice of heaven they have the perfect marriage of Donut mixed with your favorite ice cream and then its sealed shut and warm...All I can say is OHHHH MYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its warm and cold and crunchy its Incredible!!!!
5 Awesome new twist on local flavor!  Having the choice of shaved snow or delicious Thrifty ice cream is perfect for whatever mood your taste buds are wanting!    My daughter's favorite is the donut, filled with ice cream & toppings & then sealed shut and fried ~ we love Yuki and will be regulars all year long!
5 Totally LOVE Yuki Shaved Snow...I've never had anything like it.  I thought I was like shaved ice but BOY how wrong I was... It just melts in your mouth DELICIOUS!  They also have Thrifty Ice Cream and we all know how good that is.  Yuki is so clean and the staff is very friendly.  So if you're wanting to satisfy your sweet tooth get in the car and go to Yuki Shaved Snow!
5 This place is great! It's located close to home and offers something different than the average ice cream shop. The shaved snow is awesome! Like nothing I've ever had before. The employee was very sweet and very patient with me because I wanted to try like every flavor snow. I loved the strawberry and the honeydew. I choose the honeydew and was given a huge portion even though I got the regular size. I'm not even embarrassed to admit I ate the whole thing! I will definitely be going back.
5 Love this place!!!!! First off who doesn't love Thrifty ice cream?!?! You can NEVER go wrong! Second the shaved snow is delicious! They have so many flavors! My personal favorite is the Taro, but the green tea is amazing as well!!! So happy this place opened! It's so close to my house! All the employees are friendly and especially patient as I wanted to try all the flavors of ice cream and the snow! I will definitely be back!!!!!
5 I ordered chocolate shaved snow and it wasn't what I was expecting, but good. Employees were super friendly and the store was spotless, even on a busy Saturday evening. Fun addition to Centennial Hills
4 Glad to have an ice cream shop on this side of town. Never tried shaved snow before, not my cup of tea. On the plus side, they have Thrifty ice cream which I love! Really wish they would add shaved ice to the menu too so I didnt have to drive across town to get some. The place is trendy and a fresh  idea. Clean, good selection of toppings, friendly staff.
5 I am curious to try an ice cream filled donut. The place is clean and bright and the price is awesome. I had green tea and the kid had cotton candy single scoop. Go. Check this out.
4 Let it snow... Let it snow... Let it snow...   If you're having a hard time picturing what exactly snow is check out my photos.  Basically, cylindrical blocks of ice (made of milk water and flavoring) are mounted onto an ice shaver, which slices snow off in sheets. The snow is shaved super thin and layered into ribbons. When you eat it, the ribbons melt in the mouth. Kinda' like cotton candy. It is super light and fluffy - don't be alarmed by the mountain of snow they will serve you.   YUKI will let you sample a variety of flavors. Just ask to try one. They serve their snow in a style that reflects most of the popular frozen yogurt chains. You get your choice of cup size and toppings spooned on--2 toppings included w/ a single choice of syrup like condensed milk.   My honey and I have visited this location twice. The girls working the counter have been bubbly and helpful when making our selection -- important since this was our first snow experience. The Taro w/condensed milk topped w/ fruit has been our favorite treat so far.   If your looking to try something new... Go ahead and enjoy your snow with a doughnut. I like to try out of the box items and this caught my eye.  I will look forward to reading any reviews who try this combo. We opted out during our visits but liked seeing an untraditional option on the menu.   I like his little location and will return when I'm in the mood for a treat during these blazing days of summer. They have patio seating outside (so you can bring your pup on a snow run) and a few tables inside to kick back. This is defiantly a nice addition to the expanding NW.
4 Their really gonna be busy the more people find out about this place..mango shaved snow with mango pearls and coconut =yum
5 Yuki is a hidden gem in the Albertsons plaza off of Durango. I drove by it a few times when it first opened and thought it was just another shave ice place....then one day when I went to mail off some packages at the nearby postal place, I notice it actually said SHAVED SNOW! Not the same as shave ice btw.   I had recently experienced shaved snow while on a trip to Hawaii and loved it!!! I love how the texture goes from light and fluffy snow to smooth and creamy ice cream. It's like a beautiful journey through an exotic ice cream land   They also offer Thrifty brand ice cream which I had never had before, but I tried out the birthday cake and animal cracker and loved them both. My kids like getting the cotton candy and bubble gum flavors.   They also offer this exclusive item called Creamy Bun. But we affectionately call them ice cream donuts. You take a whole donut (think unfilled jelly donut type) then cut it in half, scoop your favorite Thrifty ice cream flavor on half, top it off with something crunchy ( my favorite is fruity pebbles) and seal the too back on with some magical ice cream donut machine...VIOLA! You've got warm donutty outside and cold creamy crunchy goodness inside!! MIND.BLOWN   You have to try it!! You'll be sad if you don't.
5 Returned to this shop since its opening. Very clean inside. Menu has expanded a bit to include ice cream filled donuts and more toppings than before. Server was very sweet and helpful. I ordered a scoop of ice cream which took me back to my childhood days at Thriftys. Was a great refreshment for a hot summer day. So glad this shop is here.
4 A unique and fun experience. I am going to parrot other reviewers and confirm the texture and look is a bit like frozen cotton candy. The ribbons then melt in your mouth into creamy happiness. I went with the mango balls and mochi as extras, topped of with condensed milk. Thrifty ice cream is also available, but the star of the show is the Creamy Bun! A glazed doughnut that is opened up and a scoop of ice cream is then put inside. It is then re-sealed and re-fried, resulting in a hot doughnut  and cold melting ice cream inside. Sinfully good. A weeks worth of calories, but delicious. Service was friendly.
4 Ahhh! Yuki Shaved Snow. A huge breath of fresh air on a hot, hot, hot day.   Ambiance: 4 - The area was small with with maybe 4-5 small tables with around 7-8 chairs inside. But it's not like it's super busy yet, so you can stay inside and chat about food with your friends!   On the counter, you can view all the toppings and ice cream from the glass wall that they have set up!   Service: 4 - Servers were a little impatient with me trying to decide what I wanted, but they were nice. I asked for time to decide, but she still seemed to be on edge hah! Relaaax! Chill, girl! You work in an ice cream shop! :)  Food: 4 - In this ice cream shop, they serve 3 main things:   (1) Ice cream (cone or cup)  (2) Shaved Flavored Ice (5 for regular and 6.50 for large)   --The price was pretty worth it for the amount of ice that I got! My favorite flavor is currently honeydew!   (3) Creamy buns: Ice cream (+ 1 topping) that they put inside of a doughnut bun that they (attempt to) heat and seal with (what I think is) doughnut icing.   --I had the creamy bun, it was really, really sweet--so not my style exactly--but it would be really yummy for those sugar lovers! I prefer my doughnuts and ice cream separate!   Another reason I might not have liked the bun was because it was pretty messy; they put the ice cream in first, then heated it up! They should really lightly warm the doughnut first, and then add the ice cream--just because it was such a hot day and the ice cream melted fast and spilled all over!!! :O   The entire menu was written on white board, which I hope means: new flavors..?!...Often.?!!! Hopefully! That way we get to taste the real creative side of Yuki! Well, there it is! Try not to get too addicted, Yelpers!
5 They let us try several flavors before choosing what we wanted. We had the strawberry medium and a green tea/original large size. Amazing.... Light, fluffy, and all the toppings of a yogurt place. It was not what we expected when we came in and definitely will be coming back regularly. You get large portions for the price and it is better tasting than a snow cone.
