4 First a truck and now a cafe?! Good things are happening with Buldogi's. Also, it needs to be said: this is run by some of the nicest people. They always take care of us and will have our business.  At the time of writing, it is in soft opening mode. Everything is half off. I think they close down this week around 2 or 3pm and only serve breakfast. I believe next week will be a lunch menu which includes more of their original menu from the Fort Apache location.  If you've been to Buldogi's before, you already will know their lunch menu. A mix of gourmet hot dogs with extravagant toppings, some bowls, burgers, and a hangover soup. You should look up the Fort Apache location to get the reviews on that menu. What's new is breakfast!  You've got an assortment of pancakes, waffles, french toast, and eggs. Sounds about right. There's even a Monte Cristo sandwich - which is French toast turned into a sandwich containing ham, turkey, eggs, and some jam. But then, the fusion starts.  The loco moco makes a comeback from the lunch menu, as well as the hangover soup. How about a mung bean pancake? Bulgogi and rice with eggs?  We took two of the new additions on the menu and one familiar hangover soup.  - Mung bean kimchi pancake. This is served with rice, two eggs, a side dipping sauce for the pancake, and a little cup of chopped cucumber and tomato. The pancake tastes great! Definitely something we haven't had before. It's dense, savory, and can be filled with either a few vegetable slices or pork belly. There is a weird lack of kimchi despite it being in the title. In terms of flavors and eating enjoyment, this is excellent. For value, it is not high (at normal price). To me, $11 is steep for the pancake's small size,  but I don't know if this is the final word. Especially for the area, it's going to be a tough sell. In thinking of points for increasing value - adding banchan!  - Monte Cristo French Toast. This is your ham and turkey sandwich, topped with eggs your way and made extra rich via French toasting the bread slices. The bread is cooked fluffy and flavorful, while the whole sandwich is generally served warm topped with (as requested) a liquid yolk. It is indulgent. Very, very indulgent and deliciously so. There is just no way you aren't going to love this. There is a side of jam with it but I didn't find it necessary - though HsiuTing Y. says that's how I'm supposed to eat it. Again, for $10 it is a little bit steep for just the sandwich. A few chips or fries on the side will really complete this.  - Hangover soup: we already love this soup. It's basically a chicken noodle soup from Korea with mung bean noodles (correct me if I'm wrong) and a spicy, flavorful broth. Some spinach leaves float around and enjoy the ambiance of the pulled chicken. If you haven't had it, you're missing out.  Service is in some ways the reverse of say, IHOP, where you eat and then bring your receipt to the register. You order/pay at the register and bring your number to the table. Your food will come out shortly! The new place is done up very nicely, especially for the area. Most things around here are just done on a tight budget.  They're still working on smoothing everything out so an update to this will surely come - but for the time being go get your preview of the new cafe!
5 I've been to the summerlin location so to find out that there was a second one on spring mountain was pretty cool. They took over what use to be Maple Tree Cafe.   I like how they have citrus water in their restaurant! The service was great and the staff were super friendly.   I wanted to get something different do I got the chicken wings with a side of kimchi. The chicken had a sweet taste to it. It was crunchy and juicy as well. I enjoyed every bite of it. The worker also gave us free samples of mac and cheese and that was amazing as well. I love how everything comes to you hot and fresh!
5 Buldogi's Cafe just opened 2 weeks ago, and I would suggest going NOW as this place is going to get busy FAST. Really friendly cashier who explained the menu items before helping us to order. It's fusion food, a blend of Asian, Mexican, and American tastes. There was citrus-water which was ice water infused with lemon and lime, which I thought was a cool touch.   Decided on the Hawaiian hot dog, Angry hot dog, and carne asada fries. The fries were monstrous, but nothing too special. The hot dogs, however, are definitely something to write home about. The Hawaiian dog contained a crispy-on-the-outside-juicy-on-the-inside hot dog topped with savory pork slices, ample amounts of green onion, some slaw and a super delicious sauce wrapped in a fluffy bun. The Angry dog had the same hot dog but spicy peppers and an even spicier sauce. Oh mama.   Super clean facilities, very friendly staff and cooks, and most importantly, awesome food     at a great price. I will definitely be back, maybe to try the breakfast items!
4 HOT DOG MEAL WITH SEOUL  Yu-go chauffeur has had this asian fusion hot dog creator on radar for sometime but not for this new location.  It came to our attention following our visit to K J Kitchen which shares the same parking lot.  As soon as we entered the restaurant, Sean greets us and promptly goes over the menu plus validates our Yelp 10% discount.  We decided to try their spicy mayo Angry and the Korean fusion Hawaiian with an order of special seasoned fries.  Our intentions were to share the two hot dog creations but that was short lived after one bite of the spicy mayo Angry. The diced raw green jalapeño plus the spicy mayo was just too much for me to handle.    IMHO a "Dakao" baguette instead of a soft hot dog bun would have been a substantial enhancement to the overall eating experience not only in improved texture but the ability to caress all the ingrdients without losing so much of it with each bite.  If Yu-go chauffeur is happy, I can't help but be happy too!
5 Never been to the original place. Too far. I like this one though! It's at the Mediterranean Market plaza on Spring Mountain. Watch for the Red Rock street sign if you're approaching from the Strip.  So anyway, I walked in at maybe 10:45 and didn't see any other customers. The front-of-the-house guy (sounds better than server, right?) invited me to the register to read a menu there and to tell me all about the place, after figuring out that it was my first time. I kinda zoned out, but doesn't everybody know by now that it's pretty much Korean fusion hot dogs plus some sort of new breakfast items to differentiate it? The guy actually confessed that they hadn't held their grand opening event yet and were still working out some kinks in the menu, but I'm sure they'll be fine if they stick to their bread and butter, so to speak.  I settled on the bulgogi hot dog ($6.95). It's a nice footlong sausage topped with beef, bulgogi mayo, green onions, grilled onions, and sesame seeds on a fairly nondescript but satisfactory bun. There aren't a ton of layers of flavor, but the flavors that are there really shone for me. Loved the texture and thickness of the beef for sure, and the mayo works very well. The depth that is possibly missing includes sweetness, spiciness (although I deliberately avoided test my palate for this go-around), and maybe egginess. +$1.50 for a fried egg next time maybe? By the way, the portion size is very lunch-appropriate.  Now that I can get the fusion goodness without driving all the way out to who knows where, I think I'll definitely return. You should visit Buldogis Cafe as well.
4 First time at this place and I'm liking it already.... Great food, friendly staff and very reasonable prices. I will be back....
5 This is my second time here. The first time I came here I ordered the bulgogi dog and the chicken wings. The bulgogi dog was as good as usually,  just like the sister restaurant at Fort apache.  The chicken wings were something new.  It was absolutely delicious. It was cooked perfectly!  Light crisp coating and the chicken was nice and juicy.  The spicy korean sauce was also yummy. I like ordering the wings with the sauce on the side. The spicy korean and the soy caramel is perfect together.  Along with the good food is good music and awesome customer service. The citrus water is also one of my favorites. I could drink it all day. I will always come back here for the wings.  Too yummy!
3 Items Selected: Monte Cristo French Toast - Turkey, Ham, Cheddar, Fried Egg, Raspberry Jelly, Fire & Ice Spring Salad Soy Caramel Chicken Wings and Waffle  Chili Cheese Dog - Beef Chili, Cheddar, Green Onions Gang-nam Dog - Roasted Pork Belly, Cucumber, Nori, Sesame Seed Euro Special Fries - Pork Belly Bacon, Cheddar, Herb Blend, Garlic Mayo  From a small storefront and food trucks peddling Korean inspired hotdogs to a proper restaurant serving up breakfast, lunch, and dinner one could best describe Boyzie Milner's new Buldogi's Café an expansion on concept; all the familiar faces accounted for and joined by a few new friends in a homey little space on Spring Mountain Road.  Originally opened as early as 7am but since trimming its hours to an eleven o'clock start it was just after 1:15 on a Saturday afternoon when my family and I entered the lightly decorated space and without another patron present as Biggie Hypnotize'd us a bit too loudly from overhead the menu was perused - a quintet of items both time-tested and trendy ordered and paid for at the counter even though full table service was provided by the lone waitress/server/busser/hostess from beginning to end.  Beginning first with three Buldogi classics, two all-beef hotdogs and one order of fries, it should go without saying that both the franks and the house-made toppings were excellent and although fries proved a bit limp the combination of garlic and pork proved surprisingly light, the later gracing the briny Gang-nam for a smoky sapor that I only wish would have been present in the watery ham atop the underwhelming, bready, and overcooked Monte Cristo that arrived alongside an equally doughy waffle thankfully rescued by reference standard Korean Fried Chicken, crispy and lacquered with briny soy-caramel - by far the best bite of the afternoon and the best Korean Fried Chicken I've found in town.  Obviously a work in progress and still looking to find its footing amongst the staunch competition of Spring Mountain suffice it to say that sticking to the classics is a safe bet at Buldogi café while wandering to more Americanized novelties is a risk; one Milner and team might better approach by being as creative as they are with the dogs - the pork belly and a quick trip to the deep fryer could do wonders for that sandwich.
5 I've always been a fan of Buldogis hot dogs and was so excited to hear they were opening another location in Chinatown that also serves Korean Chicken Wings and breakfast all day! Their food is BOMB- my boyfriend can't stop talking about the chicken wings and I keep dreaming about the Monte Cristo... those two are definitely a must try if you go here as well as the Hangover Soup... it is loaded with delicious flavor!
5 Customer service is on point!   Hot Dogs--- never in a million years would i have thought id be paying $7 for a hotdog but man is it worth it!
5 This is a wonderful place to enjoy hot dogs. I've been to the one on fort apache and the is one is like a upgrade. Not only did they only have hot dogs but waffles and chicken wings. Their chicken wings were by far the best I've tasted perfectly seasoned and with 2 specialty sauce that are so unique taste. Now that this one is open a lot closer than the other one they will be expecting a lot of visits from me.
5 So AMAZING!!! Highly Recommended!!! Had the Hawaiian and the Bulgogi Dogs! AND the Chicken! Mmm mmm!!! ALL three were AWESOME! Give this place a try!
3 We kept this place on our (Vegas To-Do List)  because we kept running into them at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and also at First Friday's. We knew that they had several brick-and-mortar locations, so we decided to give them a try for lunch.   Angry Dog - my first bite, I only got hot dog and it was super salty. As I got towards the middle, that was where the mayo and the spicy pork topping was. I honestly wished there was more pork and jalapeños. I also wished it was actually spicy, like it had been advertised. The hot dog was long, but the topping was only centralized in the middle so not every bite was consistent. It was a tasty dog when I was able to get all of the topping into one bite. 3/5  Sweet and Spicy Korean Wings - we got the single order with a side of Mac and cheese. Three monstrous sized wings came out on a tray and they were freshly fried and super hot. I loved how extra crispy they were, they were fried perfectly. But the Korean sweet and spicy sauce was offensively salty. It was so salty that my taste buds took a beating and I really couldn't enjoy the wings. 2/5
5 So far so good. Everything we ordered was superb. Service was good. Very friendly & informative. Must try the Hawaiian Dog.  Gonna have to come back and try everything else.
5 Try a different hot dog with  Korean fusion ...they got your typical Chicago type dogs too but the things I stick to are the stuff I can only get here..  Bahn mi dog Bulgolgi beef dog Hawaiian dog Sweet and spicy Korean chicken wings Euro fries  Its a little pricey but it's worth it
5 All I can say is... Holy shit! It's so good. Come hungry, leave happy. Great atmosphere, great people. Carne asada fries a must.
5 We came here after seeing all the great reviews on yelp. Just taking a look at the menu, we knew this would be amazing.  Since we were the first customers of the day, we were able to chat for a while with the owner and learn all about the food fusion they created as well as get killer recommendations.  We decided on the bulgogi dog, a Chilli cheese dog, and carne asada fries. OH MH GOD. SOOOOOOOO good!!  Just wow.   Anyways, do yourself a favor and come by this amazing place. The decor is beautiful, fantastic, and crazy high quality food.
4 Affordable, delicious, cholesterol-raising American-Korean-Mexican fusion food is found here. On a whim, I ordered the fried chicken wings and was impressed and pleased they were served large and piping hot. They came with sauces on the side (my request) and I wished I had them dressed before hand because they would've been 100x better. The carne asada fries was pleasantly unexpected from the usual. I think the dish would benefit it they switched to thinner fries. My sister and dad gave their  bulgogi hotdogs a greasy thumbs up.   Service throughout was attentive and sweet. The server kept his cool with an extremely rude customer, so major props to him. Other than the horrible and small parking, I would gladly come here again to get my junk food binges satisfied.
4 Since I was craving a hot dog place I decided to yell a nearby locations and this popped up. I'm fan of komex so a korean hot dog fusion seemed interesting. The staff was nice and informative when I asked for suggestions. I ordered the bulgogi hot dog and the soul to Seoul order of chicken wings. the flavors of the bulgogi dog meshed well together and was a great combination. the bun was soft and chewy and the toppings were well spread out and distributed along the hot dog. one suggestion though was although the hot dog  was tasty it was a bit over cooked because the skin was rubbery. despite that though the hot dog was still juicy on the inside. the chicken wings were massive in size and came freshly cooked. I asked for the SS korean sauce on the side and it complemented the well seasoned crispy chicken wings well. the kimchi was okay and  the other side which was not listed on the menu but was sweet with vinegar complemented the wings well. I would have given 5 starts but for $11 I was disappointed that it was only 3 wings with pretty basic sides. for that price range I would have expected a little bit more for my money. overall I'd come back for the bulgogi dog.
5 Waitress is the best, angry dog with pork belly as my boss would say the bomb, my girl friend had the beef bulgogi dog shared euro fries Def coming back
4 I'm a sucker for any crazy fusion type Hot Dogs or Burgers, so a visit Buldogi's Cafe was a no-brainer for me.  I came in pretty hungry for an afternoon snack, so I ordered two of their Specialty Dogs.  But that's kind of where I made a mistake since I really underestimated these Hot Dogs.  They were massive!!  Beef Bulgogi Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKhAm Bulgogi, Asian Slaw, Grilled Onions, Seasame Seeds, Bulgogi Mayo Basically just take your normal hot dog and top it with fat layer of BBQ Beef Bulgogi and you've got a protein packed beast!  Gangnam Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKfIR Roasted Pork Belly, Cucumber, Nori, Seasame Seeds This one is really crazy because not do you have a good sized hot dog, but now it comes topped with a huge hunk of pork belly!  Even though I'm a big eater, I actually had a hard time finishing these two.  Basically one of these alone was a meal in itself.  So having myself eat two of them was a pushing it a little bit.  Despite the struggle though, I really enjoyed them!  The flavors were incredible.  Picking a favorite between the two isn't easy, but I'd say edge goes to the Beef Bulgogi Dog.  Their Bulgogi is really good and I wouldn't mind trying it with their Bibim Bowl or Special Carne Asada Fries.  Now that I've had a chance to try their awesome Hot Dogs, I will definitely be back to try their other specialty items like their Wings, Chili Fries, and Breakfast items.  I'll be looking forward to my next visit!!
2 I went to Buldogis Cafe a few weeks ago and I have to say I was disappointed. I am a big fan of the Buldogis in Summerlin and love the food. When I went to Buldogis Cafe, I went to order a philly dog. They told me that they couldn't make this for me but this is what I always get at Buldogis in Summerlin. I ended up getting the carne asada dog and it was decent. But for some reason, it just wasn't as good as their other location. Overall, the place looked nice and I hope they increase their quality to the level of the other location.
4 Pretty good food, just like the one in Summerlin, but with a few more items on the menu.  The chicken and waffles were pretty decent.  Then I lost a bet to the cute Lisa Bonet doppelgänger as she was able to correctly place "Jump In The Line (Shake Señor)" in Beetlejuice, so good for her.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk3sLHZzZRI&feature=kp  Overall, good job!
