5 Always friendly and coffee is delish!!! Get a Bob Marley!!!  You can also try a butter beer if you feel, especially hot!!!   We came on opening day and it was nice to see that they had it organized and quick. Considering the long lines of cars and foot traffic. Cops directing lines too!!  So glad to see them on my side of town!!!
5 I absolutely LOVE the West Coast vibe of this place.  And on a cool day I can actually pretend I am not in Phoenix.     I came on the second day they were open.... figured yesterday would be a zoo, so I skipped it.  I will admit I follow their AZ FB page, and it was not very well announced that they were opening one this weekend, I happened to stumble upon a post that hinted at it.... But I was glad I did.  My coffee was delish, the service was super fast and super friendly.  During regular hours it was not that much cheaper than Starbucks, but the flavor was better, the options better, and the service and atmosphere are WAY more fun!  Plus, I have noticed that they tend to have lots of specials, so definite plus!  This is now the closest one to me, but still a good 10 mile drive, so hopefully they will do well here and expand more into the SOUTHWest Valley!
5 So happy they opened one in Goodyear!  Work across the street so that's awesome. Great coffee, cool vibe.
5 Finally!!! I have a punch card and I can use it now and not drive all the way to their thunderbird location but worth it !!! My brother and sister went on opening but the line was very long considering it was eight at night about a hour wait so we decided to wait a couple of days to let the buzz die down. So we went this Sunday afternoon the line was a little long but a cute boy directed us into the line and we wait for ten minutes that was it customer service was great music great coffee great so happy there is one right next to the nail salon I go to !! Great place !!!
5 great coffee, even better service.  Definitely a great place to hit up for that coffee fix
5 Drove thru second day they were open, had a long line but it went fast. Extremely friendly employees came to cars in line to get orders (like In n Out), I've never been before so the young lady had to give me the menu rundown, told her what I was looking for, she suggested the Carmelizers and they were terrific. A little more than the coffee place from Seattle for a large but it had 4 shots of coffee and I could actually taste it, and they actually call it a large! I'm old fashion that way ;-). Highly recommend if you find yourself in N.E. Goodyear AZ. Edit: We still think they have the best coffee - when you walk up to the window to order be prepared to shout your order and read lip your total, they play their music extremely loud. Not really a fan of that...guess we'll stick to the drive thru.
4 We lived in Grants Pass Oregon for a long time (where Dutch Bros. was started) and enjoyed Dutch Bros. regularly while we were there. We were excited to get a location in Goodyear and went to try it the other day. The iced kicker was good, however, I watched the guy make it and after filling the cup with ice he poured in a very small amount of liquid and then put in more ice to get the small amount of drink up to the top of the cup. I brought my wife's back to the car and she took a few drinks and her cup was empty and said "that's all you get?". I tried to drink mine slowly and I didn't even make it half way home and mine was gone and we only live about five minutes away.  He made the drink in what looked like a 2 cup measuring cup and he only filled it half way up before pouring it in my cup. I think we only got 8 oz of liquid and about 32 oz of ice. I don't remember them being this small in Grants Pass.  Really like Dutch Bros. though I do hope they are not always this stingy.
4 I am so glad this opened in Goodyear! Exceptional friendly service every time! Really good coffee. It is always better than Starbucks and a million times quicker. My only complaints are that the menu is more complicated than I think is intended, a bit pricey, and I would love a bigger size!
5 Dutch Bros I need you in my life like EVERY DAY! I love them so much I've considered applying. I just don't have the super up beat personality required. Every time you go to Dutch Bros all the employees ways have a super friendly smile and ask about your day.   To top it off they have some of the best coffee ever. I hear a lot of people complaining about sizes and cost I personally find the prices to be ok. Especially since they offer drink stamps after 12 drinks you get one for free. Some days they even have "deals" if you buy a drink you get extra stamps.   Best coffee I do hope mot open in the West valley !
5 Why oh why couldn't this be closer to me?!  Perhaps it's safer this way.  I can't trust myself not to come every single morning before heading to work.  As always, the peeps here are super friendly and high energy.  This is something I'll never get tired of at any Dutch Bros.  Plus?  They make mean coffees.  Since I do not live close enough to grab coffee in the morning and not be late to work, I like to now get a cold pour of my fav, Bob Marley (Kokomo with banana), toss it in the fridge for the night, and pop ice in it the next morning.  Perfection!
5 Blows Starbucks out if the water and so glad it's nearby now. Service is quick and friendly and I always leave happy.   When you do have an issue which is bound to happen at some point it's handled quickly and everyone leaves happy.
5 I have been in seventh heaven since this joint opened up. I am greeted every morning with cheerful than normal people who always have a nice compliment to spend. The music is jumping with not just new stuff but the good ole stuff this foagie is used to. Think Hammer Time or The Distance by Cake. The drinks are always perfect. If they're not these wonderful happies will redo it and let you keep the mess up. All that plus affordable prices. This is the place to be! Stay Dutch!
2 The coffee is fine, but after hours they play the music so obnoxiously loud and wear the skimpiest clothes.  I feel like I'm going to a frat party I steady if picking up a coffee. Oddly, the location around thunderbird and 101 is nothing like this....  I'm wondering id this location just hired too many teens that don't know the difference between friendly and obnoxious. The atmosphere seems decidedly different during the day. I'd be surprised if Burger King can here their drive-through customers.  Maybe 2200 hours is when they all go crazy and lose sight of the concept if "at work!"
5 Absolutely LOVE this place! Starbucks is no comparison to how great Dutch Brothers drinks are. Love the different flavor combinations you can create and everyone working there is awesome. Great place to start your morning awesome place to end your day. #WhiteRussianFreeze is thee best! My BFF recommended it and it's my new fave. :-) #OneLove
3 Great coffee and I love that they offer coconut milk as an alternative to cow's milk/soy milk.  This place is not for everyone. Personally, I can't stand the in-your-face, over-the-top, obnoxious staff (not all, but most). My last visit was through the drive thru and the girl at the window practically climbed in my car through my window, apparently in an attempt to be friendly. I have yet to return and I'm not sure if I will. Please, please, tone it down a bit. I can't be the only one you all have scared off...
5 I love Dutch Bros!!  We were heading out of town and hit the last one.  Service is always super friendly and attentive--and this is for EVERY location we get to visit.  I know it's the goal of each Dutch Bros to give the upmost service, but this trip was long and bittersweet, and for our last stop, this location was superior!  Not only did our female barista express pleasant comments and compliments, the other male barista poked his head out as well and said a GENUNE Thank You...   You guys run an awesome company, selling an AWESOME product.  But the service last Wednesday, 5.07.14, to the "black Beetle with black attire head to toe" was exceptional.  You should be proud of your employees!!  And I am proud to be one of your loyal customers!!  Thank you!!
5 My friend Shelley raves about this place so i had to give it a try. This place has amazing customer service! I went thru the drive thru. There was a girl personally taking my order (very cool). I told her it was my first time there (which it was) and she asked me what I normally like. I told her and she suggested the kicker. Which has Irish cream flavoring and I had it iced. When I got to the window the guy that greated me was very nice too. He was very complimentary which made my day a little brighter. I am very impressed!  I would go back even if I didn't like the coffee. Lol
5 I originally fell in love with Dutch bro's in medford, or, I was devastated to move back to az thinking I wouldn't be able to have my Dutchie. Low an behold there is 3 locations now on the west side, I can't be more excited. The energy here is amazing, the people are so happy and upbeat and the music is always good. The coffee is amazing, but it's the whole experience you receive here. Coming here once will make you never want to go back to Starbucks. When you come make sure to try the cocomo or the white chocolate.
5 First off I want to give a shout out to Ana because she rocks at her job! 2nd off I want to say that Dutch Bros has such a great vibe you cant help but smile! Used to be a Starbucks fan but Dutch Bros won me over their coffee is so delicious!! :)
5 I can't get enough of this place!!  The coffee is amazing, the smoothies are delicious, the staff is friendly and outgoing!!  I recommend the iced white mocha or cocomo.
5 Always quick and friendly service. Not sure what you want? They are great with helping on suggestions based on what you already like.
5 I used to live in Oregon and am familiar with Dutch Bros. Unfortunately I live in NJ now and nobody has decided to open up a franchise out here    Decided to go to Dutch Brothers rather than Starbucks and I am SO GLAD. Just happened to be on double punch Tuesday so between the 5 of us, we filled up an entire card! LOVE the energy and friendliness of the staff. We walked up since the drive up was very busy. My retired Dad couldn't believe how busy they were. The friendly staff made his coffee experience much more enjoyable. He normally walks to his local Basha's due to transportation issues. We will have to make Dutch runs when I am here. Great job Dutch Brothers! Service like this causes me to tip with a huge smile
