4 Fun spot.. here before the official Grand Opening. This place has the charm in the decor as it's brother establishment - CommonWealth on Fremont Street, but in a slightly understated - streamlined and still eloquent version.   Blvd. Cocktail Company is clearly designed to serve the masses. Comfortable seating, open building front that faces the Linq walkway.. the whole area is a bizzaro universe, upscale version of the Fremont Experience downtown Las Vegas.   They have many reasons for me to visit every once in awhile ...so updated reviews to follow! Happy Drinking!
4 Great drinks. Attentive staff. Craft cocktails..fresh ingredients. Absinthe tasting was fun. Love the live music. Highly recommend..chill atmosphere.
1 Very cool atmosphere. Wish we could have stayed longer. But apparently my California drivers license didn't look real so I wasn't allowed to drink. Never EVER has that EVER happened to me. I am 26 years old! I don't find this flattering in any way. The fact that they can't even tell what's real and fake is a joke. They just lost so much business. There were six of us and we all left. Worst experience thanks to people that don't know how to do their job. Never coming back again. Very unfortunate because I love piano bars.
3 Went here with some people from work for happy hour. Still working out the kinks but looks like it has potential with the right management. The weather was perfect for a drink out on the patio. I would have given this place 4 stars but they overcharged a few of us on our tabs and you have to walk a bit of a way outside to use the public restroom. Should be better once all of the shops at the Linq are complete.
5 Great fresh cocktails, live music, compelling venue right at The Linq.  Retractable widows overlooking the walkway. A great place to spend the evening people watching and enjoying the weather.
5 Awesome new spot off the strip in Las Vegas!! Drinks are delicious, music is beyond amazing (live piano, guitar, violin, you name it) and the atmosphere is different than any other spot in Vegas. Must stop by to try!!!
4 Suffice it to say that I am not an expert on cocktails, lounges, or trendy places to hang out and sip exotic alcohol, but save for the overly loud pianist competently taking and playing requests I really liked the vibe of BLVD in the Linq.  Paying a visit just prior to dinner at Brooklyn Bowl it was to smiling service and a well culled menu of craft cocktails that we arrived and with Bob Dylan and The Beatles played loudly beneath the glowing lightbulb cloud my $14 Cocojito proved excellent - the high top notes of lime and mint giving way to a citrus Bacardi base softened by rich frothed coconut milk.  With friends equally impressed by a classic Manhattan and a spicy jalapeno vodka cocktail there is little doubt this place is prone for success, though a few less decibels would have been ideal for conversation.
5 One of the best in Vegas.  Uniquely crafted cocktails, great atmosphere, and stellar service without all the fuss of other places.  Great live music.....we could have stayed all night!
5 It's a Monday, but this place is still being five-star awesome! Their piano player is amazing! Everyone is singing along to him, without him overworking the crowd. A great new find in Vegas! Very LA, I would say.
5 Enough good things can't be said about this place! Amazing cocktails, amazing music..LOVE THIS PLACE! Ended up here after the Cake concert at the Brooklyn Bowl a few days ago. Was walking past and heard this musician jamming and had to stop. Honestly, he was the only reason we even ended up at this place. Jeremy Cornwell is his name. Went inside and ordered a bunch of drinks, listened to 2 sets of awesome tunes before the bar started closing up for the night. Great night made even better by Jeremy! Will definitely be back!
5 Another great establishment brought to us by the owners of the Commonwealth, Park on Fremont, and the Laundry Room . . . and while definitely different than the other three . . . this place has a vibe of it's own.  The trendy interior comes complete with a grand piano . . . unbelievable light cloud . . . and libations that were definitely inspired by the Laundry Room.  The windows . . . that were open on the night we were there . . . allowed for the music outside to fill this space with great sounds.  The drinks . . . and I have  no idea what I had (since I let the mixologist . . . surprise me) . . . were well balanced and great tasting.  I am not a Strip person . . . but this place is on my return list . . . so I guess . . . I will be seeing the Strip on my return trips.
5 We have been there twice on our recent trip to Vegas.  Love it!  We sat outside both nights.  The front opens up allowing for those in the outdoor seating to enjoy the live music.  The drinks are good.   I tried the Absinthe and they served it by melting a sugar cube with ice-cold water.  Nice little show.  Drinks were all $14 each, so not badly priced for Vegas with live music.
4 Craft cocktails at the Linq!  Blvd. Cocktail Company is the latest pre-prohibition style offering from the folks behind Commonwealth, Park on Fremont, etc..  Blvd is at home in its touristy Linq setting and is probably the best option in this Linq area for quality, craft cocktails.  The bar is tended by a combination of stellar mixologists and adequate bartenders...be sure to order from the stellar mixologists (choose wisely, one of the best in town is here) if you are going off-menu in the craft direction though.  A hipster design firm vomited all over this space and as a result, the setting is hip and trendy with POF wallpaper and paintings, while a giant light bulb chandelier dominates the center of the room.  Live music is cranked out of far too many speakers at an exceedingly high volume entirely mitigating your ability to enjoy conversation...but the music does seems to be on point as far as quality goes.  There was a fantastic artist playing the Saturday night we came down and I heard great things about the previous weekend as well.  It is a challenge for me to rate Blvd.  I would give out 3 stars for the tourist trap setting of the Linq.  It would be 2 if based on the volume of music....Maybe as high as 4 stars if judging simply on  the interior and theme of the bar.  But an easy 5 stars for the drinks from Juyoung.  You can do the math, that's a 3.5 Star average...it could go either way, but I'm going with a weak 4 Stars.
4 I visited this place when my boyfriend had to attend the SEMA exhibitor summit. After their second day, SEMA treated everyone to a mixer event here and a ride on the high roller afterwards. I had no idea it was open bar, so I behaved and only had a vodka sour, which was made really well. Believe me, some people make it just as a lemonade, or with a splash of yellow. The hostesses passed around finger foods that included fried lobster, crab cakes, beef in a blanket, chicken on a stick, and lady finger desserts. The food was great and the girls were friendly and not stuck up, which can really make or break the experience of wherever you are. The ambiance of the bar was an old timey, but modern and classy twist to it, definitely somewhere you'd want to spruce yourself up a bit when you're there.  There is one downside to it, I wish that it was just a little bit bigger, it feels pretty cramped, although there is an outside section, it still feels like your are up in everyone's bubble. I will most certainly be back to this place when I am in town again, the Linq is actually a really neat place to hang out after you get drinks at Blvd.
4 Taylor was an amazingly fun cocktail waitress and made our night a blast.  Blvd. has amazing cocktails and a pretty fun atmosphere.  Loved the Linq and think this place is a great addition to Vegas.
5 Love this place cocktails are top notch and true to form!! Great place to people watch! And service is ahhmazing!! Server was Barbara nice little thing! :)
3 Drinks are pricey here, place is small but in a great location inside The Linq. Lots of people watching who pass by & hang out in front. Jeremy Cornwell performs here who is amazing & also other performers. Seating for large groups can be limited due to such a small space. The two times I've gone I've been lucky to find a place to sit.
5 Good selection of drinks.  I think my favorite thing about this place is the live music.  It's a cool place to kick back :)  Located perfectly at the linq!!
4 Other than prices being ridiculously overpriced, the drinks are pretty good and stiff. And if I'm paying almost $15 for a cocktail, I'd rather half it not be watered down. I ordered a kettle extra dirty martini (it was hardly dirty btw). Although it was good, I should've tried their signature cocktails. Even if I wanted to though, a few weren't even available that night. Which I found a bit odd since it's just a cocktail bar so you would think they would stock up. My friend ordered a Moscow mule, or their take on a Moscow mule I believe, and it was delicious! What I really loved about the place was the live music and atmosphere. If you want a dim romantic feel, I'd say to sit inside, but it's a lot more relaxing to sit outside and take in The Linq. The entire place is basically wide open so you hear the music from anywhere. One thing that was really odd was that they don't serve water. I could tell the waitress felt really bad and I'm assuming it wasn't the first time she had to tell a guest that they're not allowed to serve water. Tip: it's not the kind of place to come with large groups. Stop by for drinks with the girls or bring your date here after dinner.
2 Popped in after the Primus show at Brooklyn Bowl. Interesting set-up, and I'll ignore the lack of bar stools at the bar for their purposes of combining a social setting with craft bartending. The BT's, for the most part, seemed to know their stuff. I went "off-menu" to see how they'd do, and it was serviceable if uninspired.  Problem with the place is the the employees' over-riding interest in themselves rather than their guests and management's apathy towards such a perception. It adds up to a "hipper-than-thou" experience with people whose self-esteem far exceeds their actual skill.
3 From the masterminds behind Commonwealth, Park on Fremont and the Laundry Room, brings a new lounge serving craft cocktails at the heart of the Linq.  Aesthetically pleasing with great live music playing.  Just a heads up, a bunch of older crowd frequents to this bar.  While there's really nothing wrong with being around people on their 40s-60s, it just doesn't live up to the ambiance they intended it to be.  In fact, my buddy told me not to order a drink so we could leave soon after she finished hers since she wasn't really feeling the vibe out of this place.  Due to the circumstances of my first visit, I didn't get to try much of their drinks; from what I had tried from what my friend was drinking, it was actually quite tasty which shows true marksmanship of their mixologists.  Despite of having the intentions of not ordering a drink, not one of the 3/4 servers walking around the area asked me if I were interested of checking out the menu.  Nonetheless, heard one of the best mixologists in town works here so I will definitely be giving this lounge another try soon.  Overall, Blvd. Cocktail Company is a great new addition to the growing craft cocktail community in Las Vegas.  Superb mixologists, live shows, and awesome staff... this place certainly has great potential to be one of the better bars along the strip.
4 Awesome place to hang out and listen to fantastic live music!  Hard to hear if you are in  a large group, and probably hard to find seating too.  But for smaller groups or couples, this is a great place.  They have absinthe here too, so try it if you're in the mood!  Decent beer (even have some belgium brews) and cocktail selections too.  The servers are friendly and sweet, they seem to have a lot of ground to cover so the service was not great but not terrible either.  My only two complaint would be the repetition of music from night to night, we were only there for 2 nights but on the second night the same band was playing the same music (albeit awesome music) and the weird little dude that stands around awkwardly waiting for your absinthe to pour.
5 Handcrafted cocktails, gorgeous patio, awesome live band, good weather, friends play a part too. Sign me up!!!! Maybe I've been late to the game but seriously amazing experience, it's much needed here in Vegas. I was attracted to this place by the band, the lead singer looked like Johnny Depp and had the versatility of 500 songs. The patio has couches and plush velvet pillows along with tables. Also, there is mass wall that opens the interior to the outside, it's really unique.The cocktails are priced at $14 a pop which is decent for handcrafted, customized, quality drinks. You will have a good buzz after the 1st and 2nd one for sure. The cocktail menu is to the point they have your traditional ones except with their own signature twist. I ordered the "Mule it over" and it was fresh perfect for these warm summer nights.The inside decor is dark with avant-garde type feel. Plush dark accents featuring experimental artwork. I absolutely was mesmerized by the live band and ambience of the entire venue. I had the perfect chill night under candid lighting.
5 I love this place! The atmosphere is killer, and the decor is very nice. They have bands play live music while you're there. There's and inside & outside sitting area. Good drink selection. It's very relaxing
4 We went in early on a Sunday night (around 9pm) and were one of only 3 tables in the place. Excellent drink menu, I had the Boulevardier (which is their iteration of an old fashioned) and it was amazing. The guy playing live music was good, great selection of 90's, 80's etc. Cool atmosphere for a drink.
4 After a night of Yelp's Nerdy Dancing and walking around the Linq; the BF and I found ourselves here as we've been on this whole wanting to watch "lounge acts" vibe.   We entered on a fairly busy night - as it was the 2nd week of Linq's Bloq Party - you immediately get the "Commonwealth vibe" with the wallpaper and paintings. You surely know it's CW's little sister.  We didn't order a specialty cocktail but, rather our Jameson and ginger BEER!!!! Yaaaaaas, they have ginger beer!  We sat along the edge of the bar and just enjoyed the music from - I wanna say "Ekho" or something like that - and that saxophone player straight killed the game with his swag and way of performing. He even walked through the room, almost serenading couples!  Def a great old school vibe the (new) Strip has in store for the tourists and locals alike.
4 It's nice to get out of the crowd, have a cocktail and watch live music!    We came in here last Tuesday, seeking refuge from the heat and sea of people out at the Linq.  Cutesy, funky, whimsical paintings of robots and children (love the decor), special hand-crafted cocktails, and live music--what more can you ask for?    Service was okay.  I had a champagne cocktail with muddled strawberries.  The runner took my glass before I could eat the strawberries at the bottom of the flute!  I was pretty sad about that :/... MAYBE if he could HEAR me over the music, he may have left it on the table lol... but yeah, it's pretty loud up in this joint.  Definitely not a place to meet and have a conversation.  The prices are another thing I'm not to keen on... ~$16/drink + tip... which can easily stack up if you're having good time.   All in all, I'd be back again.  Mostly for the live music.  I wish there were more places in Vegas that showcased live music.  Any recommendations out there? :)
4 Great location on the Linq, small but packs a punch with live music. Just a great place to sit with a nice drink on the outdoor patio and people watch. Drinks are pricey but the live music adds to the value. Give this place a try!
