3 Popped in for a quick pint and was pleasantly surprised. It was the pubs opening night, so many other people had the same idea. The decor is standard new bar fare with a few novel touches thrown in. Nice selection of spirits and beers to suit all tastes and budgets. The house lager is £2.50 and is pretty good. There are adverts for cocktails too didnt see any of these getting made, but they look like they take there booze seriously.   From the face book page they seem to take pride in their food. The menu I am told is meat based however said they would be offering a smoked mushroom burger and  mac cheese sliders. My veggie friends are catered for too.   All in worth a visit, comfortable pub with good beers. Might need a few more visits to try the food and sample some more brews.
4 Having heard about the opening on Twitter, I nipped in on opening night to see what Clerk's Bar had to offer, and, like Alan S, was pleasantly surprised.  I'm not, generally speaking, a pubs person myself, least of all for pubs with sports on the screen, but Clerk's has a dash of difference. The two screens (one showing a Champions League footie match on STV, the other showing a different footie match on Sky Sports) were well-placed such that you could position yourself most places in the bar and still get a decent view, added to which the sound on the STV match was up loud enough that it was audible over the chatter (I find commentary one of the most interesting parts of watching sports on telly, so in bars it's normally pointless for me).  Already well-populated by those in the know and quick off the mark, the place was already thriving with a lovely warm atmosphere; I only just managed to get a stool at the bar. Big tick for the bar stools, by the way - sturdy, in heavy cast iron with good solid wooden seat-tops that spin around for adjustable height (and for ease of fun swivelling).  The decor is stylish, in a woodeny kind of way, with some seriously cool lightbulbs over the bar (zig-zaggy filament joy) and the staff at the bar were really friendly despite the fact that business was pretty steady and they weren't getting much chance to rest. The menu looks really great - lovely slow-cooked things, burritos, burgers, smoked yumness... I'd love to have tried something but I'd just eaten, will definitely head back to give it a go as it really seems my kind of place. If they're showing the snooker World Champs, I must just end up living there!
4 New in Newington  I was havering over 3 or 4 stars for this place, but I couldn't justify judging it average as it is better than that. I feel that they have clearly defined what they are about on the outside, but it gets a little bit lost on the inside, and when I say that I am referring to the mixed bag décor. However, service and product is of a very good standard, though that's normally the case when a new bar opens.  The positives? The beer range is good, real ale, craft beer as well as euro classics available. A good bottled range makes it unlikely that your beer taste won't be met. Their spirit range, however, is a little bit limited, but the basics are there. I haven't looked at their wine list, but I saw their house wine is very cheap (less than £15 a bottle) so that's great - though its almost £5 for some Sam Adams which is classed as a pretty run of the mill beer stateside.  The food is pretty damn good. We had a sharing platter with a huge portion of meaty flavoursome ribs and half a chicken which was succulent and relatively tasty. They randomly give you a chunk of corn on the cob which isn't really for sharing unless you are happy sharing saliva also?? Each table has good range of sauces, the hot sauce being nice and nippy, though their honey mustard is a bit thin and ergo pointless. Good price point for the food also.  Table service is good and the staff take the time to engage with you, and seeing as they have been mobbed every time I go in, then that's good that they know to acknowledge their guests. I haven't been downstairs but apparently it's a good size also!  My main issue here is that, similarly to other nearby new pubs, they get a bit lost with the décor and furniture, the booths have random  metal bits, and there is a huge mural which looks like they should have paid more to get it done properly. Random hanging lights and the TVs aren't quite big enough.   They have also put a Gambling Machine in the corner, which I didn't think was an issue until I saw it, and I realised that none of the boozers I drink in actually have these. On both of my visits I noticed that the younger crowd tends not to use it, if it was my pub, I'd get rid.  Ultimately, this is a good bar, and I was pleasantly surprised, and will visit again. The big challenge here is how they will maintain the staffing levels and service, because that will make the difference. With the Southern, Cask & Barrel, and  Reverie flanking it, there is plenty of passing custom to keep it lively.
3 I'd expected this converted Chinese restaurant to be at the pricey end of the pint spectrum but whilst other craft beers were at the near £4 they at least had Stewarts on at £3.20 + pints are the order of the day & not thirds.   Acoustically it's a noisy establishment, to the extent that there was little point in there being any background music on but it's a good new option on the south side of town for somewhere to go to watch sport on the tv as the screens are well placed and there's a decent amount of seating for groups as well as duos.   The food menus is of the burgers & hot dogs variety but given the prices I'm likely to go back for food so a 4th star is possibly not far off. The array of sauces that each table gets, in their own wooden rack along with toothpicks and, inventively, a whole kitchen roll is a welcome application of common sense. Other pubs in the locale had maybe better see about raising their games.
4 This has the potential to be a great local pub, with a decent selection of beers and excellent food. There was an excellent choice of real ale on tap, as well as an extensive selection of bottled beers. Their house lager (which we heard was brewed in-house) was pretty decent at 2.50/pint, and the other beers weren't overpriced either.  Food was American style, smoked meats, burgers, hot dogs. I had a pulled pork hot dog with sweet potato fries, and they were both excellent and decent sized portions.   Decor is a rustic/steampunk mix, and seating could be improved, our tables were crowded  a bit too close. It advertises itself as a sports bar, and although there were large screens they were muted, for which I was thankful. However, it may be different if there's a major event on - not to everyone's taste.
4 New on the Newington landscape providing entertainment via a large selection of large screen TVS and burgers, nachos and ribs to soak up the good selection of beers ( not as good as the Southern down the road).  Great place to watch the footie and hang out with the lads if that's your thing.
4 Clerk's bar is a new addition to our neighbourhood and so far we have had a few visits. They pride themselves on their beers and slow cooked food.   Clerk's serves simple, tasty comfort food-pulled pork, ribs, mac'n'cheese, cheesy fries. (So okay, if you're veggie, you might not love it... ) During our visits we have enjoyed their tasty pulled pork sliders, burritos and deliciously messy nachos. Food is served in plastic 'diner-style' baskets and is hearty rather than pretty.   They also have a lot of beer stuff going on. I'm not a beer drinker myself, but apparently their beers 'weren't all that' according to others that I was with.   They have a range of tables and even had a whole downstairs section. The place is pretty busy, mostly with students and the service is friendly (if a little cheesy)! They have a nice mix of wooden tables etc but there is a kind of odd semi-sports bar theme. I reckon it would be better without the sports screens!   Overall, Clerk's in a nice addition to the area. It's just new so I reckon it might improve with time. It's a good place to meet up with a few friends if you fancy something easy and near. Simple, tasty food in a handy location.
4 Having now eaten here I'm happy to endorse it further as the burger and other things 3 of us enjoyed on Easter Sunday were all good value for money and served swiftly and attentively after the order was placed.  Interesting though that the noise upstairs (I've yet to investigate the basement level) was actually possibly even worse than on a Saturday night. There was football on the tv certainly but only one rowdy table yet its noise was chanelled throughout the bar. Not the most pleasant working environment if you've to put up with that on a regular basis.
4 Stopped in after a long day walking around Edinburgh.  The place was packed with patrons, so we opted to give this place a try.  Can't beat the £2.75 Scottish craft ale pints.    Food was good - we tried the three slider assortment, baby back ribs and chips.  If you're in the mood for this type of food, look no further in Edinburgh.  The food was all tasty and the various sauces added to the experience.  Service was fast, friendly and efficient.  Restaurant is new, clean and tidy and staff Are helpful and friendly.  Seating on two levels, with TVs for catching the game.
4 LAST WEEK I was invited to the launch of Clerk's Bar on South Clerk Street.  This new bar is the latest addition to the Maclay Inns group, who have overseen a £400,000 refurbishment of this former Chinese restaurant.  With their new 'fresh food, cooked slow' philosophy and offering of craft beers, I went along to see what it was all about.  I had made the decision to review more pubs and step away (slightly) from my normal fine dining background.  This was also a great chance to mingle with some of the other great bloggers we have in Edinburgh.  Anyway... we were ushered down in to the basement bar at Clerk's where we were warmly greeted with a goodie bag and a drink (mine a Caesar Augustus and Sarah's a prosecco), as well as a promise that 'food would be here soon'.  The bar itself kind of reminded me more of a Glasgow city centre bar; open and bright upstairs, with a dark and cosy basement you'd expect to find somebody playing an acoustic guitar in.  Not that that's a bad thing. Sarah and I have been on a bit of a nacho binge recently, so the first serving of nachos was most welcome.  First bite was promising, as you could tell these were actually home made, not just poured out of a packet.  The nachos were light and accompanied by a zingy salsa and soothing soured cream.  However, why on earth would you tell me you don't use real cheese?  Next we were presented with some chicken wings in barbecue sauce.  The chicken was tender and the sauce did its job.  At least these were decent sized wings and not those tiny little morsels from a chicken that you probably don't want to know where it came from.  The staff were keen to chat and talk about their vision behind the bar and get feedback from us bloggers. They were very welcoming and took on any comments professionally.    Next came a behemoth of a sharing platter, which included 1/2 rack of ribs, 1/2 a chicken, pulled pork and was served with meaty beans and chips.  The team were keen to focus on the slow cooking and home smoking concept, and this would be a real acid test of the execution of that.  The ribs were tasty and tender, which a subtle but not overpowering smokiness to it, which was mirrored with the pulled pork and the chicken.  But, everything seriously lacked seasoning for me and there was no salt and pepper shakers on the tables.  The platter came with a range of sauces in squeezy bottles which was a bit different and i really liked the smoked ketchup.    I must mention those meaty beans (beans with pulled pork through them in a barbeque sauce) because you could have taken the rest of the food away and just left me with a plate of those.  Clerk's Bar is set up to watch various live sports, and i could see me sitting in there with one of those platters, having a few beers with mates.  Certainly great value at £15 because it could have easily fed four, and with a lot of students in this area, i reckon they could be on to a winner.   After a short beer tasting aimed to promote their range of craft beers, even more food was rolled out in the shape of sliders and hot dogs, sadly Sarah and I were too stuffed to taste.  Another time perhaps.
4 For a new craft beer premises it's ok and the staff seem to know a good deal of what they are talking about.  The interior is nice and cosy with lots of seating.  As part of of a group we were offered a beer tasting and nachos and chicken wings.  Quite happy to say I found a craft beer that I liked.  The nachos and chicken wings were ok, nothing screams out better than anywhere else.  It's nice and cosy downstairs where we had the event too.
