3 Solid 3-3.5 star spot!  I think the RIGHT burger could have pushed me to a 4 personally.  It's almost a "hood burger" being on E Flamingo, without the super cheap prices and/or the home cookin' hospitality.  Don't get me wrong, it's not expensive by any means, just not a Fat Boy for instance.  I went with the Pastrami Burger ($7.95): Chili, Swiss Cheese, Mustard & Pickle. SOLID burger, cooked to MR+ with initial juices on the squeeze.  The chili is pretty good too and was the highlight of the burger for me :)    The burger also had lots of mustard...just wish the pastrami was a little more flavorful to compensate. It was cut thick, a bit chewy, and did not have the crispy / caramelized edges I love...reminded me of a less rendered pork belly / bacon consistency.  It definitely got hidden in the burger/chili combination, until you had to chew it up separately of course, since the rest of the burger melts in your mouth in comparison.  Also ordered the Chili Cheese Fries ($3.95). Didn't realize the Pastrami Burger already came with Chili, so I was quite overloaded with it LOL. These were topped off with LOTS of Cheez Whiz...good stuff!  A bit heavy in the end...I'd share with someone bigger than a 2yr old :P   I also got to try Roger's Garlic Parmesan Fries...these were pretty tasty!  TONS of parmesan cheese clumped up in small bits, with a good amount of garlic flavor.  Recommended :)  With burger, chili cheese fries and a drink, I was at $15.  This felt fair in my book, but perhaps you guys should consider a combo meal (Roger's idea)?  One of the tame burgers, basic fries and a fountain drink for $9.95 for instance?  I am sure I will be back to try another burger since it isn't too far from the strip :)
4 Solid burger joint!  Ever since I saw the picture of the Bulgogi Burger I couldn't wait to try it. It just so happens I was just down the street from there so it's got to be destiny right? Located off of East Flamingo with Eastern being the main cross street, look for this place where McGoo's is just right off the street.  As I walk in I couldn't help but notice just how spacious the interior was so not enough seating was not gonna be an issue. If you refer to my pic, you could probably throw in some more tables and chairs if you wanted to.  So I order the Bulgogi Burger (7.75) and accompanied it with Garlic Parmesan Fries (2.99). I already had bottled water with me so no need to get a drink. My total came out to 11 bucks and some change. Not really what I wanted to spend for lunch but my excuse was that it was a new place so prices the first time around usually don't scare me away unless the food and/or service is really bad.  Ok so the Bulgogi Burger looks as good as the picture. You get a 1/3 pound angus beef patty, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and bulgogi beef to top it off on a decent bun. From the looks and taste of it, it looks like they season their beef while it is cooking. I asked them how the usually cook their patties and the guy said medium by default unless otherwise requested. The saltiness of the marinated beef was a good compliment to the beef patty. This burger does not come with ketchup or mustard but on every table there are ketchup and mustard bottles. If you want sriracha, tabasco, or A1 steak sauce, it is on their counter. Not sure if all their burgers don't come with sauces as a standard so I guess I will find out next time.  The Garlic Parmesan Fries were very good. They make sure to coat each individual fry with grated parmesan cheese and garlic powder. I enjoyed it very much. My Yelp buddy Shawn H got the Chili Cheese Fries and man it looked good. Definitely refer to the pic he posted.  Service was pleasant from start to end. They greeted me as I walked in, took my order, and brought it out in a timely manner. They even asked me if I needed anything as they were cleaning up other tables beside me.  From their menu you can see that they have other items like wings, salad, and extras to add on to your burger. I think next time I will try their wings. I think its like 8 pieces for 9 bucks and you can add fries for an extra dollar.  So all in all my first experience was pleasant. They havnt had a grand opening yet so hopefully that is in the works. Maybe they can have some kind of lunch special so you don't go over 10 bucks for a burger, fries, and drink combo? That would be sweet. I would consider this a gourmet type of place. 4 stars for the first experience. We will see how it holds up the second time around down the road sometime.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #89
5 One of the the only few places where the pictures of the burgers and the actual burgers are as tasty as they look.   When you first walk in you're greeted right away. Their service is great. They do a swell job in explaining the different burgers and which ones they recommend. Through a few minutes of debating on which burger, we decided to get the guac and the pastrami burger.   The pastrami burger was really hearty and filling. The burger itself looked just as it did in the pictures. The chili was so good! I really wished I tried the chili fries. Overall a very good burger.  My favorite was the guac burger. The guacamole in the burger was perfecto! I'd probably get this every time if I didn't want to try the other burgers.   They have a big variety of drinks for everyone from juice to Starbucks ice coffee and canned soda.   I'll definitely be coming back again. Seriously close enough for a short lunch break if you go to unlv. So gooooood!
5 For starters this restaurant is very precise when it comes to advertising the pictures and from the actual food identical!! And taste just as good as they look. So far I've tried the A1 burger, cheezesteak, and the crispy chick; All of burgers are finger licking GOOD!! I definitely consider them gourmet burgers. The fries are fresh, crispy, and also tasty. So far I've had the regular fries and chili cheese fries. Wow the chili cheese fries not such a big fan of chili cheese but their chili is absolutely unbearable.    The Service is by far great, fast, and accurate. The menu it's self is simple and easy to understand which is a plus!! The cooks are unbelievable fast and still manage to assure the quality of the burger is just as delicious as the picture. Prices are fair you pay for what you get which is high quality burgers. As for the cleanliness I give them a 10. (I dislike dirty restrooms or booths!). The Burger lab team are extremely nice and are more than happy to recommend their finest burgers and explain each one. Friendly environment!  I will obviously be coming back to try different burgers!
5 I decided to try after seeing great reviews on Yelp.  This place just opened about a week and a half ago from today I found out.  The burgers are fresh, well-crafted and delicious.  The menu is unique and has a variety of different kinds of burgers, something for everyone.  Living in Vegas, there are not many burger places that are not a chain burger place so this is a great local find.
5 All I have to say is that the gourmet burgers are awesome!!!  I've been there twice now and every time have been completely satisfied!!  The Hot Chicken Wings are sooo good and child friendly lol my 7 year old loved them.  You can add fries to your order of wings for $1.. WooHooo score!! The cheese fries are so good that you wont want to leave any on your plate.  The Burgers are HUGE!! I have to say that this place makes the patties on the spot for each burger, never frozen ... so everything is fresh and made when its ordered.!!.  The guacamole burger is delicious and I'm in love with it ;) The restaurants name really fits their service because its like when you place your order they start creating it.  Employees are nice, they greet you once you walk in. Nice music fills the air along with the delicious smells of the food cooking. The restaurant is clean and there's a lot of seating area.    Also no issue with parking, big lot out front :)    I will be returning soon!!  The Burger Lab Rocks
4 Well, there is no question that the food is good. But the service is slow and unorganized. For being one of only three people in the store, it took about 10 long minutes to get my food. But based on my observation, it seems that the two guys working here are the owners as well who just began their operations in this business.  They seem relatively new and still kinda conforming into managing this place. Nevertheless, I see potential since the food is pretty good. But there is still a lot of organization to improve on.
5 Seriously the guacamole burger is the bomb if you love avocado and a little citrus that is the thing to eat. Their establishment is a new but I see so much potential in it. I love that you order up front and they bring the food to you great customer service and you feel a chill vibe. Definitely ill be a regular their
5 This place what can I say mind blowing ! This new  undiscovered burger place is my new burger joint. What really surprised me was how the picture looked exactly same when it was served on my table. Best burgers I have had yet. There guacamole burger is something so fabulous and so tasty I can't even describe. Not to mention the location is perfect, few blocks down from UNLV I will be coming here often for lunch now.
4 I only leave reviews if I think there is good value and good food. I had the gulgogi burger, 5 orange wings and 5 sweet chili wings. You know its a good burger when there is no need to add any condiments.  I will be going back can't wait to try a different burger.
5 If you love hamburgers this is the best in town! Top quality ingredients and the burger is delicious. Fries are large and seasoned well. Highly recommend if you are looking for a 5 star burger in Vegas!
3 Initial Score 3 stars. A-OK I do hope the owner has an open mind and takes some of the criticism to heart in refining what could be a 4 star treat with just a little love.  I ordered the classic american burger as I always do when I try a burger place for the first time.  The Classic allows you to taste the burger itself without bulgogi, bacon, cheez whiz, and other ingredients masking the meat.   Don't misunderstand me, you can have some tasty gourmet burgers but to tell the truth a rice cake would taste good if you threw enough sauce, cheese, korean bbq and spices on it. (No offense to those of you who like plain rice cakes.)  My burger arrived and to be quite honest with you, I was both happy and disappointed in what I saw.  Happy = clearly the owner or chef insists on fresh ingredients.  The lettuce, tomato, pickles etc were clearly good quality and fresh.  However, this leads to the disappointment.  When I get a burger, I don't want 2 tons of lettuce, a tomato and pickles falling all over the place and sticking out of the bun.  The only mess I want in a burger is juice and sauce coming out with each bite.  I had to remove quite a bit of lettuce just to get the burger to the point I could hold the bun without my hand being filed with sauce covered greenery.   Helpful owner tip, use less of the toppings or trim them before serving, you will save money and customers will be happy.  So I spent a minute or two trimming the burger.  The bun looked toasted and sturdy with a springy interior.  I went to take a bite and bammm.  Nothing.  Just a bite of bun.   It took about 2 bites on any side to get to the burger.   I don't care how big your patties are (No offense, Patty) but the first thought that goes through any burger connoisseur's head in this situation is the restaurant skimped on the burger.  (not true here) Helpful owner tip - Bun too big, get smaller buns.   So I finally bit into the burger.  The taste of bun, sauce, cheese, tomato, lettuce and patty was good, if a little on the salty side. But I immediately could taste the problem I was hoping to avoid.  To make sure I wasn't just out thinking my pallet, i took a piece of patty from inside.  Lesson to burger creators.  A good hamburger is not just a chunk of meat flattened and rounded.  It must have seasoning, it must be cooked right, and most of all, it must have seasoning AND be cooked right.  To me, cooked right for a burger means just about medium with any error on the slightly pink side.  I knew, from the time it took to get my burger, it was going to be overcooked. 10 minutes cooking time for a thin patty is too long.  Sure enough, there wasn't a spot of pink to be found.  As for flavor, the meat itself had nothing to offer but a hint of pepper.  There were no negative feelings toward the burger, rather, there just wasn't anything that made me go, yum, give me more of that juicy burger.  In fact, there was very little "juice" in my burger.  Helpful owner tip, cook burger slightly shorter and maybe sear it a little more first.  Oh yeah, MORE SEASONING IN THE BURGER.  I did enjoy the overall combination of flavor but could not finish the bun and some lettuce/tomato hence, wasted food, something I was raised to avoid.  Which leads to the rest of the experience.  The cheese fries were simply limp fries covered in what appeared to be a cheeze whiz or velveeta substance that was ok but I wouldn't order it again. 2 stars.  The chips and salsa were not only unexpected but they were actually quite tasty and I want to say they were homemade as one or two of the chips still had that softness to it only homemade gets.  4 stars on the chips.  Service - 4 star - It appears to be family run and the owner or manager was friendly, the waitress was great.  I was offered ice cream at the end, I am not sure if it would have been complimentary or not but I declined because I was full and did not find out.  I do apologize to the waitress.  You pay first here and when I got up to leave I totally forgot to leave a tip since I didn't get a check.   She did clear my place and bring my food and I will likely go back next week and give her a tip but I just realized it as I was writing this review.  Restaurant. - Ok the entrepreneur in me hates wasted space and the entire "lobby" of this restaurant is empty.  There is a refrigerator and a biiiiig emptyness.  Helpful restaurant tip - put up a rack or two and sell t-shirts, seasoning packets, barbecue sauce, etc.   It will make money and fill the space. The place was pretty clean.  Napkins come with your order and are skimpy and look like folded paper towel  The soda machine was not working so I was forced to buy canned soda.  Also I didn't see any unsweetened tea or bottled water (it could have been there, but i just didn't see it).  Good drink selection though.  So here is hoping some of these tips are adopted by the owner as this place has potential.  Remember, its not whats on the burger, its whats in the burger. \
5 Great place, with super friendly service and delicious burgers at a super reasonable price.  Very fresh ingredients.  It definitely feels like a work in progress right now since they just opened, but I'll be back and I look forward to seeing what they do with the place.
5 Do not be fooled by the outside appearance of this hamburger joint! This is the new place to eat! Burgers are huge and tasty. I love this place and will definitely be coming back for more. The inside looks a little empty like it needs some decoration or a special touch of some thing but the food is what counts.
4 The restaurant is clean, the food is good and well priced and the staff is friendly.   I will eat here again.
2 Its just too mediocre. I got my hopes up walking into this place because it wasn't a chain operation--can't justify trying them again though
4 I'd always prefer to spend my money and support local businesses so the negative rant can (and should) be discarded; I ordered the regular burger (American) and the Garlic & parm fries. I waited a little over 20 minutes for the food. The fries are just frozen fries with parmigian cheese and garlic powder and the burger was pretty good.  The soda fountain is out of order so canned soda it was.  It was 110 degrees outside and 108 degrees inside.  Now the reason I disregard the negative points mentioned above is because the owner (or I think it is) is taking orders and cooking with the help of his mom (or I think she is) and serving the food. So as an ex entrepreneur I can understand when times are tough why there is no soda fountain (syrop is expensive and you have minimums to order) and why the AC is on "energy saving mode" and when you cant afford employees you do it all.  As I type this review the owner/server/cook came up to me and ofered complimentary ice cream. I thought it was because he caught me writing on Yelp and wanted to make an impression for a good review. Lol. But I saw him asking every table.  Over all the service, though slow, was very good and the food is not bad at all. Its fresh and the place is very clean.  The only thing that bugged me the most was the stripper wanna-be who sat behind me with her boy and had the most obnoxious perfume on her. I lost my sense of smell for a week.   In support for our local businesses I will come back and recommend you go try it if you haven't already.
5 Great local burger joint!!! I got the Bulgogi burger and my bf got the A1 burger. They were both delicious!!! No complaints.   And the fries were so addicting!!! Perfect texture and perfect size!   We were giving complementary chips and salsa while waiting for our food and was offered Thrifty ice cream after we were done with our meal.   Will definitely come back again!
5 The food is great, the service was friendly, and the place is clean. From how it looks outside to the photos of the burgers, what you see is what you get (and more!).  Ordered the Guacamole Burger and it was excellent. It was large, had fresh ingredients, and the guacamole is spot on!  The guac/bacon combo made me happy.  Like!  My friend had the Bulgogi Burger. Huge serving, fresh ingredients, and he described it as "Juicy", as a burger should be. Like!  Had the 10-yr old order the A-1 Burger and chili fries. He described it as "INCREDIBLE!" Like!  I'm a big fan of burgers, I've spent $11-$50 for "specialty" burgers and this place won't disappoint as the average price is around $7.50 per burger. This is worth the try.  Note: They played cartoons on their TV screen, gave complimentary ice cream at the end (no tricky extra charges here, you pay after you order then have your food served to you). They surprsingly had Rainbow sorbet for the kid. Definitely a great place for families and kids.
2 Just skip this place. I came here because it was 4 stars on yelp. Needless to say I was disappointed. The burger was just okay at best and the garlic fries were just to much of whatever it was.   I had the avacodo bacon burger. This was one messy burger. Carl's Jr would be proud. The bacon was really good, the meat on the burger was just okay and everything else way just a little over board as it was almost hard to eat the way it was constucted. At one point I did take the burger apart just to taste the meat. Which was okay at best.   The parm garlic fries where almost on eatable with the amount of garlic and parm it had on them. If I were to go back here I would aviod these at all cost.   I won't have worry about this as nothing about this place was remarkable even though it is only walking distance from where I am staying I don't think I will be back.
