5 Best Hookah Lounge.  The owner & staff are friendly and very attentive.  The place has a very relaxing feel and the deserts, tea and coffee are beyond words. What can I say, this is by far the best Hookah Lounge.
5 I am very glad to have visited this hookah lounge. it offers very relaxing atmosphere with beautiful decor with a very friendly and accommodating staff.  I have visited many hookah lounges throughout the valley, and this is by far the best one.  if you're looking for a laid back enjoyable hookah smoking experience this is a must visit.
5 Thousand nights hookah is the best hookah lounge and chill spot to go to the owner is so respectful he remembers everyone face and the environment is so relaxing you can just sit back and smoke and talk the service here is amazing they ask several times if your hookah Is fine and what can we do to make it better the hookah here is spectacular they have fruit that is fresh there hookahs are clean and it is smooth and flavor full they last long and you can never taste coal I smoke hookah every night and they meet my standards the owner nick is a very respectful he has had the establishment for only month come here a let's party relax and make some friends :)
5 Thousand nights is by far the best hookah lounge in the valley. You feel like it's your own place. Seating is extremely comfortable. Music isn't too loud, excellent place to sit and read or even get work done. The owner doesn't look at you like a dollar sign and you feel like he appreciates you as a friend. Recommend to anyone.
5 Everything about this place is great. Their hookahs are way better than those by Mill. The hookah lasts for hours, the owner and staff are very friendly.The atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable.  This is honestly the best hooka lounge I have been to.
5 Great atmosphere to be in when relaxing and unwinding!    The owner sat down and explained the reason for the fruit in this experience.  I like when I become a educated customer thanks Nick!
5 Great atmosphere! They are just getting started so its not quite "poppin" yet but I love the decor and the setting they have. And the water fountain smack dab in the middle adds a calming touch.     As far as customer service goes, everyone even the (owner?) Was more than helpful. It was mine and a couple of my girlfriends 1st time here (thought we would check out a new Hooka joint) and they accommodated us with quite a few things on the house just for being first timers.   We will definitely be coming back and spreading the word to fellow hookah friends.
5 Nabeel made us feel VIP the first time we went there. I like how he wants to attract quality people and not college rug-rats who are loud and obnoxious.  His shisha is clean and smokes smooth.  Great customer service.
