5 Tried the Chicken wrap today for lunch. The tablets on the tables were super easy to use and made ordering absolutely amazing! No waiting for a waitress, yet their service was still on point. This is a MUST TRY if ur in Summerlin. Enjoy! Oh and the Chicken Wrap was awesome!
3 Krayvings Yelp Review  My wife and I came in for lunch at 11 am for the grand opening.  ATMOSPHERE Not crowded, with a comfortable amount of people already at lunch; picking up as we were leaving at 1230. Casual cafe dining, open floor plan, no booths, outdoor seating available Spread steel chairs and rectangular tables with wooden tops, each table seats two, but the tables can easily be pushed together for larger groups Vaulted ceilings Mellow, up beat music like John Mayer or John Mellencamp  ORDERING Done through a tablet touch screen at each table Menus are separated by breakfast, greens (salad), wraps, bread (sandwiches), sides, dessert, drinks, bowls (soup), and grab and go (chips, cookies, pastries). After you select your food, you have the option of customizing your order (adding/reducing ingredients).  Keep in mind that adding options will probably increase the meal cost while reducing or removing options will likely keep the price the same. The tablets have a Call Server button in the upper right hand corner that will bring your attendant over. All food and drinks are brought to you by the server.  FOOD We had the BLT wrap, krayvings veggie wrap, and breakfast bacon, egg, rice wrap.  Each wrap also had a small green salad with dressing included.  All very tasty and fresh.  Salads were crisp and crunchy with slightly sweet and tangy dressing.   Final bill came out to around $24, including tax, but not tip. Food is served on brown butcher paper on an aluminum plate.  Flatware and drinking cups are all ECO product plastic, made from plants and bio-degradable & compostable.  CUSTOMER RECOMMENDATIONS Enjoy browsing through the tablet menu.  Krayvings has many different dishes with a wide variety of customization options.  Take time to enjoy the atmosphere and food.  RESTARUANT RECOMMENDATIONS Place label stickers on tablets similar to ones on tables to simplify matching tablets to tables.  The tablet at our table didn't work initially so we swapped tablets with a different table; making things confusing because we would receive orders for tables that probably had the tablet linked to our physical table.  Wait for all the orders at one table to be finished before bringing the bills.  Because we had two separate orders, there was some confusion on what our total bill would be.  I can see customers potential taking advantage of this by making multiple orders, but only paying for one bill.  There isn't any direct feedback about whether your server has gotten the Call Servers notification because most of the servers were waiting by the kitchen and drinks to bring out food.  One option is to give small vibrating pagers to each server, that when someone presses the Call Server button, the table number pops up on the pager.  FINAL THOUGHTS Krayvings is likely to rapidly rise in popularity due to its convenient location between the 215 loop, Red Rock Casino, and Red Rock Canyon.  The food is delicious and healthy.  They will likely overcome the slight tricks with launch and use of tablets for ordering.  My wife and I are likely to eat there again as we enjoy going hiking in Red Rock Canyon and taking friends to new places to eat.
5 Finally!! A healthy option with fabulous service and a high quality food experience in Summerlin. Can't wait to become a regular! Loved the BBQ Chicken wrap!
5 The food is really healthy and tastes great! Lots of fantastic drink choices.  The tablet menus are really intuitive and easy to use - you can even customize your order.
5 This place simply nails it.  Price point is great - spend $10 for a super healthy, fresh meal...or spend $7 at some fast food joint or the chinese spot or bad Italian place in the same shopping center, this place is a no brainer.  Outstanding service (even given the weird tablet order format, which is cool once you get used to it), delicious, fresh, healthy food, and the best part of it all:  a reasonable price point!  This kind of place is something that Summerlin as a whole, and especially this area with so many active people, has been missing out on for some time.  I rarely gush about anywhere, my reviews can attest to this, but I think this place is going to become a serious mainstay and the concept is outstanding.  As far as the food, my first time there I got the shrimp bowl which was good.  The portions were dead on for what it should be, the meal delicious.  My girlfirend picked up a sandwich (can't recall what it was) that I had a bite of and it was great as well.  Total came out to like $21?  Not bad!  Came in for lunch today and spent $10 for the steak bowl, which was outstanding.    Highly recommended (although some may take some time to get used to the tablet ordering thing)
4 ALLELUIA!  A healthy food option has opened at the Albertsons plaza on the corner of W. Charleston and Desert Foothills.  A favorite meet-up place for cyclists, runners, and hikers because it's the last stop for food and gas before heading into the Red Rock  Canyon area, Krayvings is a welcome addition to the plaza.  Now we can have recovery food that's not donuts, pizza, bar food, or frozen yogurt.    Open for less than a week, I met a friend here for dinner who eats clean ALL the time; he's the one who told me about this new place.  Each table has a tablet PC where customers can browse the menu, customize their orders if desired, and hit the "send" button for the kitchen staff.  There are teas, smoothies, salads, sandwiches, wraps, bowls, and pastries to choose from on the menu that is an athlete's dream; there are  protein options here!  I opted for the Steak Superfood Protein Bowl with vegetables and quinoa instead of brown rice.  My friend had the Chicken Superfood Protein Bowl with quinoa, too.  Unfortunately, they had just run out of quinoa and it would be at least 20 minutes before a new batch was ready, so we opted for the brown rice.  Our server offered us free dessert, juice, or a smoothie to compensate for the inconvenience, but nerds that we are, we declined.  The orders took longer than we both thought they should, but I'll chalk that up to this being a new place and give them the benefit of the doubt.  Our bowls had about 5 ounces of meat each, plus at least a cup of brown rice.  The rice was a little soggy for my taste, but the steak was good.  As with a new place, there are lots of staff around and not too many customers yet, but I anticipate that we'll be frequenting this place a lot, especially for breakfast/lunch recovery food.  Welcome to the 'hood, Krayvings--we've been waiting for you.
4 I've been waiting in anticipation for this restaurant to open since I live nearby. Finally got to eat here & it was popping during lunch hour! Not surprised though.. That's Summerlin people & health nutty places for ya. Each table has a tablet with their menu/ordering system on it & I like the concept, but it seemed a little unorganized. Maybe because they just opened a few days ago? I ordered the daily detox juice & the shrimp superfood protein bowl -- Yuuum! I'm already looking forward to my next visit because there are so many things I still want to try. Perfect place to go to grab some healthy vegetarian-friendly eats.
3 The good: Decent food Good price  Good drinks  The bad: Completely disorganized Messed up both our orders Poorly trained wait staff  I will give this place 4 stars once they get their act together.
5 Wow! I'm very surprised! Found this place on help and decided to try it out!! It's very cute inside and the owner is very friendly! I ordered a steak Caesar salad and I have to say: it was excellent!! There were so many steak and the salad was great for only &$10! I will be back here a lot more now!!
5 Everything was great. Very nice having a healthy option by the house. Ordering on the tablet was neat. Bread on the sandwiches was very dry and needs to be sliced thinner and for them to add a sauce or vinegar to balance it out. That all can be fixed. Will be here a lot.
5 Are you a VEGETARIAN?  Are you having trouble getting enough protein?  Well your answer is Krayvings!  It has been open for just a few weeks so there are some growing pains with the staff and organization.  It was very busy on Sunday at 1300 when I went.  Personally I loved the ordering at your own pace and personal customization of your order from the tablet menus.  What I was most surprised about was the flavorful health food that can been found all over the menu.  For you Veggie Lovers out there I highly recommend the Tofu Power Protein Bowl!  My wife loved the BBQ chicken wrap, and my mother in law loved the Turkey Club, which was huge.  Give this place a try especially if you are a health nut like me.  I couldn't be happier that this place arrived at a location desperately in need of a healthy option!
5 Quite casual and inexpensive, yet delicious, healthy food and an extremely accommodating staff. The décor is Spartan; you order from your table via a tablet, but special requests are easily dealt with. I have an unusual food allergy and they were very willing to make something special for me. My super healthy chicken bowl was less than $10 and I could only eat half of it.  They have only been open a couple of weeks, so I wasn't expecting them to have it so together, but they exceeded my expectations. I will definitely return.
5 Supppppper healthy food. Awesome menu selections and you can customize your own plate. I tried the chicken bowl. No complaints here. It was perfect and filling but not too much to over do yourself. So coming back!!
3 I went with my son and friend for breakfast. He needed a high chair but they're kept in the back, which is annoying when there are no waiters... They need to keep them accessible. But, more importantly, the food was just okay and we both found the iPad menu extremely frustrating. Unless you're ordering the food exactly as on the menu, it's difficult to customize. And don't even try to delete something off the order. I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I didn't get the eggs as I wanted them because apparently I didn't customize right. Sandwich was ok - bread very dry and way too thick. My friend got the quinoa bowl and she said it was just ok. We both got the B12 shot drinks and hers was tan and mine was green. They did offer to fix hers (but why did they bring it out in the first place). I liked mine. So overall, hate the iPads, food was "eh" and has some kinks to work out. Will try again for lunch before I write it off.
2 This was my first visit to Krayvings and i have to say I may not be back.  First off, the ordering proceedure was via iPad and was convoluted and confusing.  You have to pick out the items you want and then there is an option to customize the item.  Then you place the order and when it comes you are presented with a check.  I don't know about most people but I want to order and eat rather than learn how they want you to order.  Despite these flaws in execution, the service was slow and very poor.  The food quality was fairly good but the coffee I ordered was cold by the time I got it.  I will not be back unfortunately!
2 Food is average, but the ordering process is absolutely terrible. Technology gone wrong. Doubt I'll be back
4 Take a look at my Yelp page and you'll see I'm not the most health conscious eater by any means. Sometimes I wish I had the willpower to do so but I can't cut out all the bad fatty, fried, greasy, salty, sugary food that I love so much. But even so, Kravings is new and sometimes a good healthy meal really hits the spot.  Krayving's is pretty new to the area and if you're inside the actual Albertson's center, you might miss it. For whatever reason, the sign on the inside, above their building, is extremely small. They are located in the far SW corner of the shopping center in between Toro's & John Cutter.   When you walk in, it almost looks like a Panera/Zupas type ordering system but it's far from it. The staff was extremely nice and asked if it was our first time. It was, so they walked us over to a table and explained how it works. There's a tablet at every table in which you can pick what you want to eat, customize it and then send the order to the kitchen. While it's not the smoothest system, it's far better than other table systems I've seen at places like Genghis Grill.  I ordered a steak protein bowl and substituted the quinoa for brown rice. The steak was cooked well and nicely seasoned. The rice was thoroughly cooked and they loaded the bowl with crisp, fresh veggies. My only complaint was lack of seasoning throughout the rest of the bowl. It might be something to do with nutritional value but I felt like only the steak itself had been seasoned so I had to add some salt and pepper for taste.  We also ordered a PB, B & J to share. Thankfully, I didn't order a sandwich for my dinner. Even though the flavor was great and my inner fatty absolutely loves dipping something into marshmallow fluff, the bread was a huge let down. It was dry and bland.   Overall, this is a great spot and while I think the prices are a bit high, I wouldn't hesitate to come back. That banana split smoothie looks amazing!
3 Cool concept, great location for Red Rock hikers, and another place to hit up for healthy food choices make me want to me a fan of this place- but the food was a little on the bland side.  Went in with the BF for lunch- Heather was super sweet and friendly, and seated us immediately and showed us how to work the tablets to place our order.  Shared the shrimp bowl and the kale and beet salad (added steak). I preferred the bowl, which was layered with quinoa (brown rice was another menu option), veggies, and shrimp, with a lemon sauce and mint. Initial impression was that the dish was very watery, but it had good flavor to it.  the lemon flavor and the mint/basil in the bottom of the dish worked well together. Flavor was light and borderline bland- saw many guys around the dining room dousing their food in hot sauce, seems to be an issue for many dishes. The salad was okay: considering the word "beet" was used in the name, i expected a slightly more plentiful portion of it. Salad also consisted of apple and walnut,  we added on steak for an extra $4 charge. Steak itself was dry and overcooked, portion wasn't worth $4. Salad also came with an interesting herbal dressing, but there was very little of it, rendering this salad fairly dry, which is why it wasn't as liked as the bowl above.  Pricing overall was relatively fair, $10 per dish including our add-ons, but the salad was disappointing. This place seemed to be marketed more towards vegans/vegetarians, but really, most restaurants have salads and wraps and the occasional tofu dish that they can access- I hope they add a few more adventurous dishes to the menu once they settle in.  Might come back to try other options like the BLT chop salad or wrap, or maybe a sandwich, but overall I was a little underwhelmed.
5 This food was seriously delicious. I hate to say it but i am seriously "craving" one of their bowls right now. The flavors are well done and their products are fresh. If you want a healthy and delicious meal, you need to here. They have tons of gluten free options, vegetarian and vegan dishes for all of your dietary needs. Head on over!
4 Talk about the perfect RECOVERY MEAL after long run or cycling day out at Red Rock. Krayvings could not have picked more perfect spot in town. One that assure you after any brick day or just enjoying perfect cycling day be back soon.   Talk about great healthy options on the menu. I know lot  of yelpers have passion for Skinnyfats. Really from the minute walked in, looking at the decor, the chalkboard menu style on the walls (some nice little hand artwork on it too), really health conscious menu, the nice portion size, and screamed Skinnyfats.   I ordered the  sesame chicken wrap and blueberry muffin. As soon as you walk in see all the pastries in the display and they looked really really good. I started with the blueberry muffin that enjoyed. I was nice moist, hot, and right amount of blueberry in every bite. The sesame chicken wrap was awesome. Usually not high on wraps but the sesame chicken wrap not only was it hearty, but each component really complimented one another (from the chicken, nice orange segments, cucumbers, sesame seeds, carrots, friend won ton strips, and lettuce all tossed in some kind of asian dressing) so much flavor in every bite. It was so REFRESHING after brick workout out at the Lake. I wanted too order another wrap! Oh almost forgot about the salad on the side was nice too and again nice size portion.   The ordering system found interesting or not too often literally ordered off a touch screen. Not too fool you thinking not humans. LOL!! It was really helpful  when it comes too getting a visual of every dish on the menu. But at the same time can be confusing. The wait staff is great always helping you out if confused about anything. Everyone friendly and great service the whole time.
3 I've been twice and I like it but I haven't been amped enough to give it 4 stars quite yet. It takes some instruction the first time you go...you order off a tablet. It's not cosmic but can be a little cumbersome and time consuming. However, if you are the type to order a specific item then change everything on it and put half of it on-the-side then you will love it. Most annoying to my wife is that when you order a drink, you don't get that drink until your food comes (we always go harass them before that though).   The food is good and ingredients are fresh. I got a breakfast sandwich and it was a good price at $5. Then I got the Mediterranean Turkey and it was $9, plus $1 since I wanted cheese :(     Not heinous but a slightly expensive sandwich.  Nice worker bees. They don't really do a whole lot besides deliver your food so I'm not a huge tipper here. Too bad for them.
5 I just discovered Krayvings last week and I have already been there 3 times. I got one of their chicken bowls and it was amazing. It was even better than chipotle and so much healthier. I've gone back two other times to try their juices and was completely satisfied. They have tons of options. There's salads, sandwiches, bowls, desserts, chips, and juices. They have great customer service, everyone is super friendly and willing to help anyone who isn't tech savvy. 5 stars all the way!
5 I got the chicken protein bowl and it was delicious! The concept of ordering through an iPad is convenient and being able to customize it easily is great too! I will definitely be going back.
4 Very friendly staff and good quality ingredients.  You order from a tablet that's on your table. Tablets arent hooked up to power so there is a probability of your menu running out of battery.  Easy to customize order via tablet, buy if you order the wrong thing I couldn't remove it and had to ask for help.
4 Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.
3 I love going to this place, but have mixed reviews on their food. I've been 3 times and have gotten a breakfast sandwich and the sweet potato and kale wrap. The wrap is delicious and comes with a side salad. It's really enough for two meals. The breakfast sandwich comes on a roll that is not appetizing at all. I really don't like their ordering system...especially when you're sitting outside and have a hard time seeing the screen. Also, I'd rather just order and get my drink cup right away at the counter as we've come in after hiking/biking and am super thirsty...instead of waiting it out. I do recommend giving this place a try and I'll keep trying it as well.
4 Great local eatery. Good food and a apple-based ordering system makes it easy to customize without complications. Wraps, salads, sandwiches can easily have items added or removed.   It missed 5 stars for not having free refills on standard coffee, when available for soft drinks and staff that is friendly, but not always getting the concept of "if you sit down and place an order for beverages before the food, the customer is probably thirsty and would like the drink brought out quickly". But, they are learning and I've recommended to other people in the area.
4 Great fresh food alternative  Places like tropical smoothie were great, but becoming really redundant tasting food, we decided to give Krayving a go.   Heading over to the other side of the 215 on Charleston we dropped into Krayving as a healthy alternative to the usual stuff we grab. With a nice indoor seating area I was a little unsure if we stepped into a college campus cafe or a bizarro Starbucks.  Each table had a Laptop attached to order your food. Being able to add subtract and make your own order was a nice surprise. Images on the iPad were also a sweet little touch that was unexpected.   So seating ourselves and browsing through the menu I ordered the BBQ chicken salad with my son having the grilled cheese and sliced apples from the Kids Menu. The salads was pretty dam good!!!   My order came out in what looked like a biodegradable plate with biodegradable fork. I don't think I've seen this anywhere except the container park downtown.  With the outside seating area still under construction I will say this place maybe a new local lunch spot I'll be coming back to. Fresh food, unique ordering and a friendly staff this place is highly recommend for anyone on this side of town.  FYI   They do have high chairs and a kids menu (credit) the menu I would say is catered for 1 and up.
1 An inefficient, complicated, and eternally slow ordering process, combined with overpriced food and a lazy, "whatever" attitude of the staff.  First time I visited I had to invest 5-7 minutes learning how to order my food. Really!?  What was devised as a simplified and convenient ordering system is anything but. Plus I waited too long while listening to the staff children behind the counter laugh, goof off, yell, and just generally annoy me. My $10 chicken sandwich was lite on protein and heavy on BREAD. The side salad was way overdressed and therefore toooo oily!  Next visit I thought would be quick and easy, as I just slipped in for a quick wheatgrass shot. Wrong!  Not wanting to bother with the stupid ipads, I asked the woman at the counter if she could just order me the shot. A friendly woman, I would have traded her friendliness for competence, as she was equally baffled on how to place the simple order.  So, after pressing a minimum of 30 buttons on the ipad, I paid and waited. And waited. And waited. And no, the store was not busy at the time. It was nearly empty.  Attention Krayvings owners: I have no desire to order my own food on an ipad. It's a bad concept and takes forever. What I want is to go in, tell someone what I would like to order, and have it made in a reasonable time. We are not in Paris...not interested in a 3 hour lazy lunch. I have better things to do with my time.  I highly recommend you heed my advise and replace the ordering system with humans. Specifically, competent ones. That is all.
5 Real great food near red rocks SP- tasty and healthy. I hope these guys franchise to California, I could eat here often.
2 Changing my rating for today....we ordered to go for work lunch and they forgot the dressings on the 2 salads and also packaged the sandwiches incorrectly. Luckily I love their food but maybe they aren't up to speed on to go orders.
4 We are glad we found Krayvings as it provides a healthy menu with a decent amount of variety.    All orders are done via an ipad/tablet.  What is really great about it is that the user-interface for the menu and ordering process is very user friendly. if you are a really picky eater and require sauces or sides removed or on the side it is very easy to do.  It removes any doubts that happen when you are doing a verbal order.  The food is pretty tasty.  The wraps remind of of California Chicken Cafe.  Sauces are flavorful.  The portions are solid.  Our recommendations:  BBQ chicken wrap.  Throw some sricha sauce and it tastes even better Chinese chicken wrap.  Tasty Chicken bowl with quinua.  This is a pretty sizable portion.  Very difficult to scarf down a ton of quinua lol.  Beef bowl is pretty decent as well.  This is a place we will visit frequently because its fast, close and I definitely won't feel guilty about eating unhealthy.
5 Amazing food, nice helpful staff and just a all around fun experience!  People need to just move into the 21st century and learn how to use technology!
5 Took our friends and am glad to say they loved the food just as much as we do!  I guess my only complaint would be that the amazing smoothies are a bit expensive, other than that you can't ask for a better place to eat.
4 Love stopping here after spending a day hiking, mountain biking or exploring Red Rock Canyon. Perfect location and great healthy menu. Great staff and eats!!!
5 I love these 'types' of restaurants, though to be honest this place stands out.  What I mean is I like simple themes backed by healthy, excellent food.  Krayvings nails it.  Plenty of healthy choices and a few not so healthy.  I come here for lunch a few times a week and it's consistently good.  The staff is helpful and friendly and I love that they remember my name.    Try the steak bowl, it's my personal favorite.  Fresh veggies and quinoa topped with steak.  I've got a big appetite but it fills me up without leaving me needing a nap after.
4 The place seems more organize and some of the kinks have been worked out. I have upgraded to 4 stars.
3 I am upgrading my very critical previous review to 3 stars. The reason: the food and the service.  This time I sat down determined to use the ipad ordering system for a to go order. Although still not a fan, I guess it's manageable enough. I had a question and requested assistance, and they came right over, which is good.  I tried the sesame chicken wrap this go around. I found it to be very tasty, with a generous amount of chicken and a side salad, too.  On a previous visit I had ordered the tuscan chicken(?), and I found there to be too little chicken and too much bread!  This wrap was prepared properly and was quite good.  Another reason for the upgrade is that when the food was ready, it was brought over to me, but unlike last time, I went to the register to pay, rather than getting a check like in a restaurant. Good improvement.  Keep in up guys, and I'll be back!
5 FANTASTIC! As a frequent traveler to Las Vegas for work I sometimes find it hard to eat delicious healthy food. Not anymore, Kravings definitely hit the spot for me. I can assure you I will be staying at the Red Rock Hotel more often just to be close to Kravings.   What did it for me was the steak protein bowl (add extra steak) and a delicious pineapple mojito followed by a chocolate chip cookie. All very reasonably priced.   The staff was courteous and friendly, the ordering system a breeze. The goods news for me is they are opening a second location in Phoenix very soon. Another city I have to travel to for work.
4 OK.  So the tables to order on ever table are cool.  I'm not sure if they actually speed anything up but what the heck... I'm a geek.  I ordered a juice and a tofu protein bowl to go.  The juice wasn't quite a dense as what I normally get at whole foods (which tastes very green) but it was absolutely delicious and somewhat like green lemonade.  The tofu protein bowl... "OINK".  wow.  Hard to believe something that healthy was that good. It was huge and I got 2 meals out of it.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked.  Now I'm going to grab my iphone and download their app and see what it does!
4 I'm always looking for yummy + healthy options, so I'm glad we found this place! They're a great spot for lunch, but their signage isn't the best, so a little tough to find.   We got there around noon on a weekday and by about 12:30, they were packed! Soon after we sat down, a server came over to greet us and as it was our first visit, he showed us how to order using the table iPads. I love that it allows you to customize your order (add this, no that)!  Ordered the chopped BLT salad. Worried that the creamy dressing would be heavy, but it was a light dressing, similar to what they offer at Red Velvet Cafe. Great taste and reduced guilt because it didn't seem "mayonnaisey" as I like to say. Salad was both yummy and filling. If you're an iced tea lover like me, try their peach iced tea (brewed, unsweetened).  Hubby ordered the club sandwich, which he said was good. Apple slices give a nice twist to the traditional club.  I'll be coming back again soon!
3 I really like this place. Food has been great & fresh every time I've gone in. Not the fastest service but very friendly. My only slight disappointment is the fresh juice they offer, I've had a few different ones now. Pretty much, they all taste the same, very tart/sour. REALLY hope they improve that! It's nice to have a healthy option near my home now. :)
4 Located in the Vista Commons shopping center Krayvings is a recent addition to several other dining places nearby. However, Krayvings brings the option of healthy foods.  There are several choices for breakfast plus salads and sandwiches and healthy drinks.  On my visit I was immediately greeted and asked if it was my first visit. The employee also offered assistance in using the tablet ordering system. Not being very familiar with using the tablet I pressed the help button and was immediately helped. I ordered a salad with chicken which had a nice variety of fresh greens. The portion size was just right for me. My order was delivered to the table in a timely manner by a friendly server.  The high traffic of hikers heading to Red Rock Canyon and the bicycle enthusiasts should provide ample business. Hope the neighborhood people add their support as well.
5 Ever since the first time in I was in LOVE with this place, I've become a Kravings addict often eating there 3 to 4 times a week but here is what really sold me.......my fiance and my 18 year old twins ordered quite the large pick up order, upon picking it up and driving it home we began realizing that we had been unusually(because this had never happened before) shorted one of they're fabulous 2$ side salads. I called down and the owner answers. I explained I would come down to pick it up and he emphatically insisted on driving it personally to my home. I assured him I realized it wasn't a big deal and I could send one of the kids down, he Would not have it and brought it TO MY HOME!!!! A 2$ salad, which he made twice as big and added some chocolate chip cookies!!! I'm in the biz and let me tell you, THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
4 This place is close to the house and I have been in a few times.  I have had the bbq chicken wrap, the steak Caesar wrap, and the breakfast protein bowl a few times.  All are very good and the portions are just right.  I like going here to have a wholesome meal in a short amount of time.
4 Always looking for fresh healthy options. So glad I heard about this place. I have only been there once and have no complaints. When I walked in I wasn't sure how it worked. Everything is done on iPads. You don't go to the front to order like a normal place. I had take out so you order on the iPad in front of the door and you pay at the cashier once it's done. Pretty cool but was lost when I walked in. One of the workers had to guide me to the take out iPad
5 Me: For a sandwich, salad or wrap that has individually flavorful and fresh components that could stand on their own and not just to fill a sandwich or wrap, with nothing super fancy (we had a steak Caesar wrap and  BBQ chicken wrap), yet current (read: beet, kale and quinoa found here!) and healthy without pretense of being raw, vegan or gluten-free by definition but just by circumstance, this is a great place. [breathe, run on]. It's easy with kids with their tablet self ordering at each table and accessible options. There's fresh juices and smoothies as well as some nice baked sweets items. For what it offers, it's done deliciously and fresh here. Great for easy, healthy (yet not necessarily vegan or gluten-free or expensive) salad/wrap/smoothie joint food.   Him: The food is awesome. The steak inside the burrito (wrap) was flavorful. I like sous vide (!) steak best, then Krayvings', then other restaurants'. It's that good. The BBQ chicken wrap had a BBQ sauce that was better than just ordinary BBQ (it was a creamy BBQ), and the salad is crispy and the chicken was good too because it was moisturized [sic] and not dry. I had the pineapple mojitos juice and loved it because it was nice and refreshing and good for drinking in the summer. You can really taste pineapple and mint! The best was the apple tart because the cooked apple went really well with the outside crust which was thick and better than pie which sometimes has too much fruit.
5 This place has a pretty cool system- you order on tablets that are placed at each table. They are very easy to order on and it provides really beautiful pictures of their food... making it so hard decide what to choose!   I've been here a few times now, and I've always had a great experience. One of the times the tablets weren't working, but it wasn't difficult to go to the counter and put it in my order like I would any other place.   Great food, healthy choices, friendly staff, outdoor seating, relaxing ambiance... wonderful place!
4 Nice healthy-concept restaurant. Their menu has plenty of choices without being too overwhelming. My favorite item is the baby kale and sweet potato wrap with steak added on. The smoothies are freshly made and a bit pricey. For dessert, I can't feel too guilty about munching on one chocolate cookie. An uber-yummy cookie at that.  One very odd thing is their insistence to have customers order through iPads. The screen is hard to see when seated outside. On one occasion, the darn thing ran out of battery mid-order and the user interface is really not that good. I would imagine older folks and people who are not as computer savvy would have trouble with their order. Heck, I work with computers and it took me over five minutes to place my order for the first time. I've seen servers have to take the time to teach customers how to order. This is an epic failed attempt in efficiency.  Krayvings either needs to improve their electronic ordering system or give it up entirely and just focus on making good food.
5 Great concept! Feels healthy just being there. Even the kids loved it. Tablet ordering at the table is really fun. Buffalo burger was straight up delicious and the juices are super fresh. Can't wait to try more.
5 Went here for the first time after a morning hike at Red rock and loved it! It's a shame how hidden it is, nobody really knows it's there... I got the Keep me skinny fresh squeezed juice and Steak superfood breakfast bowl. So healthy and so delicious! One of the only "real" healthy places around. I see big things for Krayvings if more people find about about them!
