4 Ive been waiting and waiting for Biscuits to open.  With a name like this....you'd think they would have great biscuits.   And they did not disappoint.  Though small, they were light and airy and the berry jam they served alongside was divine!  I ordered the chicken fried chicken with eggs and red potatoes.  Nicely cooked with plenty of flavor.  The service was quite attentive...bordering on smothering, but totally understandable being it was opening week and everyone was on their very best behavior.   I look forward to trying  many other menu items.  I will be back.
3 Biscuits Cafe is a solid 3.5 stars. I going to settle with a 3-star review because they are closer to the 3 star territory, I just can't round-up all the way to 4 stars.  So, what's the dealio. Walking in, we we're greeted by a sea of hellos, asked for the number of our party and were escorted to a booth. The place is actually large, especially in comparison to their small kitchen.   Stenciled in along the wall was "We don't serve fast food... We serve Fresh Food as fast as we can." This seemed to be on pair. Customer service is great. Bussers are dedicated refill machines, each busser was carrying around large glasses of iced tea, coffees, napkins, and straws. Foodwise- portions are huge and prices are low. The food was good, but nothing stood out or seemed crave-able.  Kudos to BC for making/baking everything fresh.  Biscuits Cafe will definitely be a staple and is a much needed breakfast/brunch stop in the Lakes/West Spring Valley are where the only options are (gag me IHOP and a Denny's). Although BC is no BabyStacks or even a notch of the Cracked Egg bedpost, it's a solid step up from the two star fare at surrounding establishments.   I really can't wait to return for the salads, soup, sandwich, and burger portion of their menu. Learned from out server that this is a mom and pop shop based out of Portland and still owned by the the aforementioned mom and pop.   Once word is out, I expect there to be a 15 to 30 minute wait. So go now while they're still new and not well known.  PROTIP: The have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up. Earn points. Earn rewards towards food. Recieve $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!
4 We are happy to see a new breakfast place near us!  customer service was wonderful...and attentive. the staff was all smiles and on top of everything. the place was clean and bigger than we had expected which will be nice once the word gets out that they are open and have yummy food. the prices are great for the portions. I had the avocado egg benedict and loved it. My son who never eats much had the kids chocolate chip pancake with eggs and he ate the entire thing ( with little brothers help) ....big kids plate!  Don't remember what hubby had but his plate didn't last long!  We will definitely become regulars.
4 My wife and I had breakfast this morning and were glad to see a new place near our home. Mgr came over to say hello and staff were all very friendly. Place is big and VERY clean. We shared a Joe's scramble and had left overs for our dog. Great coffee too Hope they do well
4 My family and I ventured back to Biscuits Cafe for a late breakfast. The restaurant wasn't very busy, which let's be honest, it's only a matter of time before the secret is out.  "We don't serve fast food, we serve fresh food as fast as we can." is sprawled across the wall. Biscuits Cafe delivers and they deliver it well.  Since we arrived around the noon-ish mark, I decided to give the lunch fare a go this round. I ordered the Fiesta Chicken Salad and a cup of the Tomato Basil soup. My family and I were seated right by the kitchen, which is wide open, and you can see right into (and it's immaculately clean), I saw our waitress crushing up avocado and adding ranch to it. That is how FRESH the dressing was! My sister ordered the Breakfast Burrito and subbed sausage for chorizo (with no problem) with hash browns. My mother loved the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs so much last time, she ordered it again today.  Our food came out quickly and it was all delicious. So much better than I had remember on our first visit! My soup was perfect. It wasn't overly salty and was the perfect blend of tomato and basil. My salad was not just made of iceberg and romaine, it had spinach and field greens. The salad was huge, too. I have half of it left over to enjoy later. My sister's breakfast burrito was also on point. Loaded with eggs, sausage, onions, peppers, cheese, and served with a side of sour cream and fresh salsa (which was so good, I got a side of it too for my salad - for no additional cost). It was big, filling, and delightful. My mama finally let me try their country gravy. I'm from the South. I know about Biscuits and Gravy and Biscuits Cafe is right up there with the best of them. Creamy, savory, slightly peppered. It's the country gravy that dreams are made of and is probably an old family recipe. It's REALLY that good.  Biscuits Cafe is a large space, ample seating with booths and tables alike. It's clean, open, and warm. There's really no special ambiance or decor, but it has that diner feel and is just as friendly. Customer service here was phenomenal. Our drinks were never less than half full and our orders were precise.   PROTIP: They have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up! Earn points, earn rewards towards food. Receive $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!
1 They old saying holds true.  Minimum wage earnings will give you minimum wage results. From watching the staff cough, sneeze...and not washing their hands once. . And the best I've never personally seen before. .staff is carrying food. Put there finger in the plate of food and LICK THEIR FINGER CLEAN AS THEY ARE CARRYING THE PLATE TO THE CUSTOMER!!! That's when i stopped eating.  Food was bland...potatoes boring and not seasoned.  I give this place 2 months at this pace. ..waste of time
2 Had breakfast here with my wife on a Saturday morning. Not real busy but ample seating. I had the chicken fried steak, really good,  the gravy was delicious . The red potatoes were  gummy and undercooked . I ordered the sourdough toast and it came with one slice cut in half . Who charges 12.00 a plate and only gives one slice of bread ? Biscuits Cafe does that's who. I asked the waitress if that's the norm and she said yes if you want more you'll have to order it as a side. ...... What? Prisoners get more bread than you do here . Very pricey place for what you get. I might try again to see if they serve you half a sandwich for lunch.
3 I did not think the biscuits were that great.  I think if you are going to name your restaurant after a particular food, it must meet expectations of wonderful.  The biscuits, although good, were small and not wonderful.  Service a bit off, but understandable because they just opened.  The chorizo omelet was great but biscuits and gravy not so good. It tasted like an accidental pepper overload.  Thus, the place is good but not amazing.  Just ok.
2 Friendly staff and Manager. However I felt a little conned by my waitress. She described the burgers there as being "Huge" whereas it was clearly a frozen patty not fresh and was average size and not special in any way.   Also had their pot roast soup which was OK and I was served corn bread with it.  The cornbread is what should have been described as "huge"! It was 4"x6" Block! Only thing is that it was just cornmeal. No flavor.   Lastly, going to pay had to take receipt to register to pay which for a restaurant of this size doesn't fit.  Low and behold they only take cash since their system is down. Of course there wasn't a sign anywhere to warn you.   2 stars because staff was nice and Manager named Marlene immediately said I didn't have to pay since it's their fault the system is down. She didn't try to make me feel guilty.
2 Short review:  It's an automatic fail when I come for breakfast and am there for at least 30 minutes and not once during that time did anyone come around to offer a coffee refill.  Not once.    Longer review:  I saw Biscuits Cafe on Yelp and since it's close to home I decided I'd have to give it a go.  I wouldn't have ordered the biscuits and gravy combo but when in Rome... This is their signature, their biscuits.  The combo includes a choice of meat, I chose sausage, and two eggs any style.  I opted for over easy.  The order was done quickly.  I am not a connoisseur of biscuits and gravy.  In fact, I can't remember the last time I ordered this.  The biscuit was OK.  I'm not sure if it's supposed to be house made but I'm pretty sure it wasn't.  There was nothing special about it.  The gravy was OK, too, with a hint of ground pepper.  I'm certainly glad I didn't order the breakfast with two biscuits.  The sausage was two links that were sliced horizontally and grilled.  The eggs were done over easy.  All in all, breakfast was OK.  I should have stuck with an omelette or Benedict--my usual go to breakfast dishes.  But, I'll never know what they're like because I won't be back.    When I paid at the register, the woman asked for my member number.  When I told her I didn't have one, she asked me if I wanted to join their club.  My answer was a polite no.  People, when you have three servers covering about 7 tables, it's not hard to bring a carafe of coffee around and offer warm ups or refills.  It should be something you dream about at night.  If one of your two specialties is breakfast and you fail on service for that, there's not much hope for you.
4 I went in the other day me and my wife and the food wss good most DEFF fresh n hott I loved the fact that the gravy wasn't soo salty I hate salty food but verry clean on the inside  I had the chicken fried steak bomb very tasty ;*) fyi there bacon is soo yummy n thick cooked just like  I like it !!!
4 Me and my husband came here Saturday morning because Jamms was too busy and we are so happy we did.  I ordered the meat lovers scramble and my husband ordered the southwest scramble. Both of us loved our meal, they do have big servings so be sure to have a apatite when you come here. Their biscuits were great and the chorizo was good quality and they weren't stingey with the chorizo either.   Also our servers were very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be returning here for breakfast again. It won't be long before this place will be constantly packed.
1 This place is horrible.10.50 for a lunch menu The food was like it came out a box.if you think this place is a bargain or at all good you need to get out more often.i ordered the Mac n cheese and it really looked as if it came out of a box and a few foofy thing all over it.after I sent it back I just ask for a soup.im writing this cause I've since been sick all day and it's now 11:30 at night and I'm violently ill.my son ordered the fish and chips and neither him are I are a that picky.he took it home and threw it away.long  John silvers has bigger and crispier fish that that place.this is Vegas where we know between good and bad food.and this place is bad.i never get this sick from food but here I am.RUN THE OTHER WAY!
5 I love this place. I had the french toast. Literally the best I have EVER had. Staff is good. Marlene, the manager, super sweet. Price is good. Really clean. I have found my favorite breakfast place.
4 It's nice to see a menu that covers a broad enough range to make everyone happy.   My group ordered our individual meals but shared family style so we could sample all this new place had to offer. Their corned beef was made in house and shredded. It was slightly seasoned and needed salt and pepper. I like that though since many times I have ordered and it was just too much salt.  They're sweet potato pancake was really good. Light and fluffy but not too sweet.    My only real complaint is the gravy they use for their biscuits. It tastes more like a chowder than a gravy. It could use more sausage too.   Our servers were great. They came by very 7-10 minutes and offered us refills for our coffee and even gave us a to-go cup when we were settling our bill. I was also surprised by how busy it was on a Monday morning.
4 I stopped in for a light lunch and was favorably impressed by the place.  It's a nice, clean, well-lit dining room.  The wait staff was friendly and there was no waiting for service.  I ordered the half salad with soup and cornbread.  The salad was a nice combination of mixed greens.  The cornbread was a huge chunk that could easily have been shared among 4 diners.    The reason I'm giving them only a 4 star rating is that the chunky pot roast soup was too salty for me.  When my server checked back with me I told her about the saltiness.  She apologized and offered to bring a bowl of their chicken noodle soup instead.  That was too salty for me as well.  It may be that I'm just too sensitive to salt.  Whatever, they were very accommodating and asked what they could offer instead.  Since I'd pigged out on all that salad and the yummy corn bread, I was no longer hungry.  So they took the cost of the soup off my bill.  I don't consider my personal sensitivity to salt to be any fault of my server.  Accordingly, I added the cost of the soup to her tip.  I was a satisfied customer when I left, and I'll definitely be back to try something from their breakfast menu.
5 This place is super. It's has great big windows and plenty smiles to go around. The staff is very helpful and the food was great. I had the sweet potato pancakes which rocked and tasted the biscuits gravy which were also way above par. The place is clean. Well staffed. Good food and near my house which makes it a 5 star place for me !
5 Food is very fresh, staff was pleasant. Think I found a new place to eat. I would recommend it. I was pleasantly surprised and always look to help other small business owners. Good lLuck
4 Sat down at 850; drinks came up right away from the man in a pink shirt, which might have been the manager. Great drink service.  About 15 MINUTES after; the waitress took our order, which didnt add up since there were around 5 to 6 servers for about 8 to 9 tables.  Food came out very quickly, which made up for the slow order taking.     Update: the man in the pink shirt is the owner/manager.  He was very attentive and very willing to hear our feedback, which explain the fast drink service.  In addition, we found out the lady pushing her staff behind the glass was the wife of the owner.   Kinda like the urgency she enforce to her kitchen staff.     I also love the idea of having an open kitchen where you can see everything that is going on behind the scene.   My wife ordered the Joe's Special that was made into a burrito.   Excellent!   I had the simply pick three, which was like everywhere else.   I did make the mistake of ordering egg whites and forgot to tell the waitress I wanted country egg whites and not from a carton.  Oh well.  My kids ordered the kids special.  Fyi, drinks are not included.  Buyer beware.   All in all this place is very spacious, and does a good job in catering to their customers.
2 I had high hopes for this place.  My waitress was dreadful and they weren't that busy.  I had to wait for a menu, coffee and to be served.  She virtually ignored me.  There was a lot of food.  The corn beef hash was good.  But only some of the food was hot.  Please get milk or cream in little pitchers.  Whatever brand of packaged creamers you use are not good and are hard to open.  The waitress knew that I had creamer on the table, on me and on the seat trying to open the package.  I don't know what is in those things but the creamer left a film on the table, the bench and me!  She didn't bring anymore napkins and didn 't offer to help clean up the mess.  The other waitress seemed nicer and checked up on her customers.  I don't know if I will be back.
5 Clean, open, friendly, can't rave enough about them!  They have an awesome,varied menu, and the pancakes/French toast/waffles come with FRESH fruit, NOT compote!  The waffle was crisp outside, moist inside, and the fruit was pertfect! The coffee is mellow, and refilled oftened. There are flavored creamers, and even Caramal Machiotto flavor!  Everyone enjoyed thier food, There is a one buscuit with gravy,egg, and bacon or sausage that was perfect for smaller appetites.  The server and manager are freindly, but NOT overbearing. I really enjoyed everything about this place. Everything.
4 So yummy! I had the almond crusted French toast and my girlfriend had the apple sausage breakfast combo. The French toast was so good! A new spin on the classic favorite. The bacon was delicious and thick cut. Her sausage was tasty and the biscuit and jelly were really good! I'm glad it opened and is just around the corner from the house. Everyone was super friendly and the owners came by to say hi as well. We will definitely be back!
3 I tried them for lunch and wasn't impressed.  Now I decided to give them another try, this time for breakfast.  After all, you'd expect a place called the Biscuits Cafe to have great biscuits.  The facility is clean and well lit and the staff is friendly.  It was rather busy, but service was fast and I got my coffee without any delay.  I ordered ham & eggs with hash browns and biscuits.  I HAD to try the biscuits!  The food was not bad, but it wasn't all that good either.  My waitress checked back several times and I was offered refills on my coffee, which made me happy.   As for the biscuits......I was told that they made them there in their kitchen.  I find that difficult to believe.  They seemed more like something you buy readymade but unbaked, then pop into the oven so you can say they are baked on site.  I'm sorry folks, but I expected better biscuits from a place that is named for them.   The 3 star rating is for the prompt and friendly service, since the food rated no stars with me.
5 Fabulous food with a fantastic price. The staff can't be beat! They are the best. They are very attentive and kind! I will miss them since I am moving to Texas. This is a restaurant I wish I could take with me.
5 Everything is so good and fresh. It starts with good ingredients. Everyone is friendly and the service is great.
5 What a great find. Great food an amazing service... My husband an I saw this place while looking for new places to eat in our area but at the time it was closed. So we decided this morning to go there and have breakfast and try it out. We were so glad we did. I had the cinnamon roll french toast which was amazing and he had eggs benedict which was also very good. We also had a side of the biscuits and gravy which I thought were great. The service was exceptional, always making sure everything was okay and our coffee cups were full. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.  With It's great food and exceptional service we will definitely be regulars here. So if you haven't tried this place yet I definitely say go what are you waiting for.
4 Friendly staff with a large dinning section compared to a Egg Works.  The Cinnamon Roll French Toast was really good.  The Country Benedict was also really good however the eggs and hash browns were I felt average at best.  The pricing is on par for the service and quality of food.
4 Went to Biscuits Cafe this morning for breakfast. The place had a nice atmosphere. Could use a little more in terms if decor.. Couldn't tell if they were going for a more modern look or home cafe look.. They are stuck somewhere in the middle.  Service was good, but not GREAT. They never refilled our drinks and they forgot the pancakes I ordered with my meal, so it took a while to get them and even though they were fresh when I got them, I was already pretty full..  Over all their food was pretty good. We got the country fried steak breakfast and the Country Omelette breakfast. I am assuming it is because we both ordered "country" breakfasts that 70% of our meal was smothered in gravy.. BUT it was really good gravy so I can't complain!!  I got the biscuits by accident but I tasted one with their raspberry jam, and DAMN THAT JAM WAS GOOD!! And they must KNOW they've got some damn good jam b/c they sell it by the front register. The only issue I had with the food is that with a name like Biscuits Cafe their namesake could have been a little more.... Epic, but they were alright..  We've been trying to get here for breakfast since they opened a couple months ago, glad we finally did. I recommend them as a breakfast spot if you are wanting a good breakfast for reasonable prices and don't want to do a run of the mill Denny's or IHOP...
