5 Drove by and saw the sign on the building and couldn't be happier to have this Authentic Cajun restaurant in my neighborhood after hearing it had closed in Phoenix.  We stopped for Lunch and had the Baby Kay's combo which was totally awesome nice and spicy.  Plus the Catfish dinner with Crawfish sauce which was melt in your mouth delicious.  If your an diehard Cajun cooking lover than this place is for you.  Super friendly staff told us about there plan to take over the next door store as well and a patio.   Nice to have another awesome food place in the area and nice to be the first on here to highly recommend it to everyone.
5 My wife and I are long time patrons of Baby Kay's.  We were happy to see that they had reopened at last and had to visit.  We had Po'boy sandwiches (pork, half shrimp and half catfish), a crab cake and some gumbo.  The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was as wonderful as ever.  The crab cakes was delightfully spicy.  The sandwiches wonderful with the same crunchy chips.  We also took home some Bread Pudding which was splendid as usual.    All in all a fantastic visit.
5 I'M UPSET! Baby Kay's: WHERE do you get off serving gumbo that damn good?? How dare you. And the green olive cole slaw? You're just showing off. And then you have the nerve to play classic New Orleans music while I stuff my face, coming up for air strictly for survival purposes.  And the bread pudding with the whiskey sauce?? My granny made bread pudding that I thought was the best in the world. Now I'm mad as hell at her. And she can't even defend herself, because she's dead.  My whole world is shaken right now. In the best way possible. Kudos, Baby Kay. I love you.
2 A few of my boyfriends friends swears by this place. They say it's the best Cajun food they've ever had! Unfortunately my experience was a little different.   Walking into the restaurant, I figured they would have change the decor from the previous restaurant/owner. I was wrong. Everything looked the same!  The meal itself was not hitting the spot (I'm usually easy to please when it comes to food). We started with their crab cakes - green onions were overwhelming, salty, over seasoned, and too fried. I think crabs have a great natural taste that doesn't need to be masked by all the seasonings. We then decided to share the half fried oyster po boy and half seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo wasn't anything special; a little too salty for my liking. The fried oyster in the po boy must have been old because it had a stench after biting into it and the texture was off. To be honest, we weren't feeling too good afterwards.   Sad to say, but this place is one and done on our list.
2 Was not impressed with the food, We've ate at the one that use to be on Camelback and it was better. Our waiter/bartender spilled a glass of Ice tea all over me and I was not offered or given any discount for my meal. It was very uncomfortable eat with wet clothes on. Very unhappy and will not recommend this place. :(
1 I used to go to the old location where they had a rockin etouffee.  Unfortunately, I either walked into the wrong place or they are not making the same quality stuff anymore.  The "étouffée" I ordered was very much like a watered-down version of the filling in a Stouffers chicken pot pie - no pepper or spice of any kind and certainly no roux.  Then there were like 6-7 really puny shrimp buried in this mysterious liquid and the whole thing had this nasty old restaurant smell. It seemed really old.  I felt really ripped off by the $16.95 price & kept wondering if I had stumbled into an episode of Kitchen Nighmares!  I hope the rest of their food is better, but I would never go near that pseudo-etoufee again.
4 I haven't been exposed to too much Cajun dining but I was thoroughly impressed with my meal. I had the gumbo and the jambalaya, both chicken and sausage, and both tasted great. I like my food spicy and rarely do I have a meal I don't think about adding hot sauce and this was one, and not because of the heat but because of the flavor and heat!
5 This is the closest thing to NOLA you will find in this city.  Everything they serve is good, the catfish, the etoufee, gumbo, jambalaya, you name it.  The lunch specials are fantastic, try the seafood enchiladas on Tuesday.  I can't believe I'm going to post this here because I don't like competition when it comes ot getting my order (they run out), but they have a crawfish boil on Wednesday night, it is AWESOME.  I have friends who are from LA and they swear by this place.  I am new but a dedicated fan.  If you don't like this place, you probably don't like this kind of food or you are just a weirdo.  Anyone who gave it less than 4 stars must be from the 70s because they are on ludes.
5 Great food, great bar, great server Kori. Keep it up Baby Kay's. The gumbo is delicious, the red beans and rice rock, the wings are to die for, and the fried chicken is second to none! Do yourself a favor and go get ya some!
5 New (second or temporary location) for this Cajun restaurant. Came to Mesa to try it out, we ordered the catfish dinner with crawfish sauce and a half poboy & cup of seafood gumbo. (All seafood due to Ash Wednesday, wish I made it here last night )  The crawfish étouffée atop the catfish was amazing, perfect texture and flavor, I then took a bite, crispy and spicy on the outside, moist and delicious on the inside.  I don't think i have had better (except blackened, blackened is better heh) .  The gumbo was great as well, the right amount of spice, i was so missing the andouille sausage, but lent.
5 Been a Baby Kays fan since the first one on Shoeman Lane in Snottsdale.  Any review less than 4 stars is either a competitor or needs to put down the pipe.  Green olive slaw is simply fantastic.  Love the Cajun Combination and recommend it for newbies.  Their Friday night Smothered Southern Pork Chops have a huge fan base.  But I'll always be a sucker for the crawfish étouffée.....sprinkled with a little extra cayenne.  Thanks to Kay for bringing her authentic recipes from Louisiana, and to the girls that are carrying on the legacy of great food and friendly service.
3 Their catfish dinner with crawfish sauce is bomb! But we always come in large parties and that is always a problem for them to handle with the food and bills when we need them split.
4 What a great little place. The food and atmosphere were awesome (really enjoyed the music, made me feel like we were in New Orleans, or watching one of my favorite shows...miss you Treme). Our waiter was great and the serving portions were just right (the chicken and sausage gumbo was soooo tasty, and really digged the homemade chips). The only reason I did not give 5-stars is that I felt it was just a wee-bit pricy for lunch (but you will have to forgive me, as I am a bit of a bargain hunter).  We enjoyed our visit when they were located in Phoenix, and were very pleased to see that they relocated closer to home (our home of course). I am looking forward to their future expansion, which should allow for more seating as well as a more attractive bar area. (also thank you so much for cleansing my mind and body of our earlier horrible Coco's experience).
5 What can I say, I am a sucker for spicy Cajun food and Baby Kay's fits the bill.  It is great to have this in our hood.   Not five star dining, but the food is good and the Key Lime Pie is the bomb.
