5 Woohoo! As good as it gets.
5 New location, same fabulous menu, friendly staff, awesome location.  Go there, you won't be disappointed!!!
5 Best Italian I've had in a LONG time. Veal Carciofini was fabulous. Chef Moreno has done a great job. Spinato's, eat your heart out!!
5 A regular at the 1st location and they nailed it!! So happy as quality, service and ambience are darn to exact. So much larger a big plus!! Rock on Times Square, Rock On!!
4 The staff here is great. Even the cooks come out and say hello to me when I come in. Maybe I visit too often, and that's how they know me. Either way I appreciate the great service and food. We even order takeout for my company. I think I have everyone hooked like me.
4 Plenty of choices to choose from. Stop by and try something. The calzone must have been really good because my dad ate it so fast I didn't even get a chance to try a bite. My linguini was amazing.
5 I finally tore myself away from the original location long enough to try this one, which opened about a month ago. I couldn't be happier, this location is everything the first location is, and more! It's bigger, newer, just as friendly and every bit as tasty as the original. Everything from my original review applies to this location: http://www.yelp.com/biz/times-square-pizzeria-phoenix?hrid=rwG7ckwfkDbFWho8-1h-XQ   Thank you, Times Square!!!
5 My friend told me about this place, so I tried it...glad I did, it was really good.  The wait staff was REALLY nice.  I had the Eggplant Sorrentino.  It was my first eggplant experience..and it was really really good.  My friend, who recommended this restaurant, had the Veal Marsala, and loved it.  The veal was really tender, cooked just right.  Also, the kitchen is out in the open and they are definitely cooking everything fresh.  The place is clean.  The beer was nice and cold, and was served with a smile.  I will definitely be a return customer, and I recommend you go and form your own opinion.
5 Wonderful local Italian eatery.   Good variety menu.  We've tried several entrees and they are all great.   One of our favorites is the pastrami and swiss sandwich.   Best quality pastrami and an outstanding french roll!   All the servers are quite pleasant and efficient.   In short , we love this place.
5 My husband and I have decided to try and eat our way through the whole menu!!  Every dish is DELISH!!  We've had several different servers, and they are all so friendly, and go out of their way to make you feel like you're their only customer.  Shout out to Drew and Lisa....service with a smile and a funny comment.  You need to try this place, I swear you won't be disappointed.
4 It's a fairly new place, so I think the staff on the phone doing  to-go orders are still getting in the swing of things. (I usually just do take-out there) they're always putting me on hold to ask questions about their own menu... but I LOVE the food. The Pasta a-la-vodka is my favorite. But today I ordered the Chicken parm sandwich... AMAZING. The bread is crispy and delicious! I go to dine in at their 24th ave and DV location and the service is AMAZING along with the food. The food is VERY consistent at both Times Squares!
5 Excellent calamari appetizer! Everything we had was wonderful. Our server Michael took care of us very well. The chef/owner Moreno came out to speak to us after the meal and it was very nice. The entrees were all enjoyed, but you should save room for tiramisu and canaloni.
5 Fried mozzarella is delicious. Great red sauce. Ok Alfredo, only tried it once but it was runny, not my preference. Gotta try it
5 We love the new Times Square!!! The food and service is awesome And keeps is coming back. The new location ROCKS :)
5 This is a must go place! I have been a regular at the Deer Valley location, and this lactation is just as good. Same great food, and same great people! This location has Moscow mules also! Excellent drink! I have never had a bad item from the menu! I typically get the fettuccine primavera or pollo marconi...been hooked on those ones for a while! Soooooo delicious! The lasagna is great, pasta emiliano, pasta giovanni, rigatoni alla laura...and so many more. You cannot go wrong. Great pizza, and you can order by the slice! Their breakfast is equally as good! Their French toast is my favorite! Save room for their breaded pudding...It is the absolute best! Times square is a must try. Both locations are great! Union Hills is a larger location, but still small and friendly! Come in and try it out! I guarantee you will not be disappointed!
1 I dined here after my boyfriend had previously brought home a pizza from this same place. We got some garlic bread, which was alright. And ordered the same pizza we had gotten before. As we started eating, I noticed that there was A BUG in the ranch I was dipping my pizza in. I took the bug out and put it on my plate. I showed the server and she went to tell her manager. A few minutes later she came back and told me that their ranch was kept in the fridge, already portioned. Essentially telling me that there was nothing they could do about the BUG that was in ranch because clearly it wasn't THEIR fault that the bug was in my food. The manager did not come and apologize, nor did she offer any kind of explanation. I never even met the manager. They didn't even offer to comp the meal. Needless to say, I did not continue eating after that.
4 Sat at the bar on a Thursday evening after work during happy hour and it wasn't busy at all.  Maybe due to it's location or the fact that it's still really new in the shopping center.  It's very nicely decorated and spacious once you walk in, sort of unexpected because of the shopping center itself.  Service was prompt and friendly!  I ordered a glass of Jellybean red wine blend to go with my Balsamic Chicken with sauteed spinach.  I had a hard time choosing between the Balsamic and Joe's special, which looked to be very similar on the menu.  The Balsamic was great, seasoned a lil strong, but still really good.  It came with two chicken breasts, a lot for me, so I took the second to go.  I'll definitely come here again to try Joe's special among other things like the bruschetta and pizza!
2 Tried them for breakfast. Prices were good, Food was "ok", but service was terrible.  We were seated by  the hostess and waited and waited and waited for someone to acknowledge our presence. Finally, just as we were standing up to leave, a server came over to take our drink order. (Not the place was NOT crowded or busy.)  She made some excuse about the not seeing us, though seated right at the end of the main walk way.  Our orders were taken and the food arrived. Again, it was "ok" - eggs cooked correctly, hash browns tasted good. Then we "tried" to pay our bill.  Our server took my card and left. Again we waited and waited and waited for her return. Finally, I started to look around and to find her. I watched her take an extended order at another table, bus another table, then go into the kitchen and chat with a coworker. When I finally got up and started to head her direction she returned with my card.  Maybe it was a bad day for them, but first impressions are everything.
2 I wouldn't classify this place as an Italian restaurant.  It is more like an east-coast eatery.  They serve cheese steak and beer and oily garlic bread and chicken wings.  Stuff like that.  My polla al limone was different from how I've had it prepared at actual Italian joints.  The lemon flavor was almost imperceptible, and the sauce more creamy than normal.  Also too much garlic.    They probably don't realize that they are supposed to bread the chicken, and then saute the mushrooms in the same pan with the breaded chicken.  That's how this dish ends up with a "creamy" sauce.  The breading sort of comes out into the oil, while the mushrooms let out moisture, and it turns out great when prepared in this manner.  There is not supposed to be any actual cream in it, but Times Square just pours in the cream.  I dunno, I'm just not a fan of really heavy food or sports-bar-type food.  It would be OK if they would market themselves as an east-coast eatery, rather than an Italian restaurant.  Other than that, the prices are normal and the service is good.
4 4.5:  Consistency is King in the restaurant world so in that vein, the King is alive and well at this new Times Square.    I've been a frequent customer at the original Times Square on Deer Valley road for the last seven years.  Although in all honesty, I usually get the same thing. Oh, I've tried the pasta (terrific), the pizza (excellent), Happy Hour (awesome value), breakfast (amazing) but my favorite is and probably always will be the Italian Super Sub (or Hot Italian, if you will-not that I am). This is one of the BEST sandwiches in town, stuffed with high quality meats and veggies and it's exactly like the version on Deer Valley.  Not only is the food the same high quality, but the restaurant has the exact same vibe and fixtures as Deer Valley.  It's awesome to see a local restaurant have enough success at one location and be able to have a second one that is about twice the size-plenty of room for everyone so don't be shy.  Great central North Valley location at 7th Street next to Goodwill (used to be an Osco Drug back in the day).  If you haven't been to either of the Times Squares (or as the PetSmart peeps called it, The Truck Stop), you really owe it to yourself to try it.  Fantastic Italian food.
5 I love this place! Very friendly staff and smiles all around! I love the fried mozzarella and calzones!! Would eat here everyday if I could!! Cameron was my server and he was excellent! I recommend asking for him as you're server!! Thanks Times Square!!
4 I have been dying for a Tiramisu! From anywhere, really... After our some what disappointing dinner, we jumped to this nice and cozy little place next to the one we were before and we were surprised. Good atmosphere for a Saturday night, clean and neat, great welcome and just overall "good vibe" place.   But like I said earlier, we were here because I needed Tiramisu! We just looked through their dinner menu and ordered 2 glasses of wine, I did the Merlot for $7 a glass and it was decent, my husband had the Super Tuscan blend, $8 a glass.   The dessert was delish (or I was just wanting it too much) and the wines were nice. The bartender was friendly and talkative. We'll be coming back soon, for sure!
