5 Excellent hot pot restaurant with generous portions. My wife and I love the Taiwanese popcorn chicken, Taiwanese pork hocks stew, deep fried stinky tofu, different varieties of drinks, and the 11 different varieties of hot pot  to choose from. The selection will have something for everyone. I will emphasize this point which no other restaurant in town as what this hot pot joint is offering: authentically Taiwanese.
5 .
4 Almost a FIVE. Nice selection of 11 different types of Hot Pots including one that is served with a 1 lb lobster ($19.95). Had the credit card machine been working last night, we would've tried it. We ordered the Pork & Clam pot, one pot with stinky tofu (name escapes me), and popcorn chicken. The broth from the Pork & Clam was our favorite.   As for the popcorn chicken, I'd say it is so-so. Doesn't taste exactly like the one from Ay-Chung, other Taiwanese eateries in LA, or the food stands on the streets of Taipei.  One criticism I have is the lack of dipping sauces. Pot Tea only has 2: Sacha & Ponzu. Come on.....it's a hot pot place. You need more than 2 dipping sauces! Also, please provide chopped green onions and cilantro, too! On the other hand, they must be commended for offering minced pork over rice as one of your carb choices with no extra charge. Nice touch.  The one thing that is a FIVE is the service. The staff is very attentive and polite with them constantly checking on us.
5 Loved this place! Decor is nice and simple and so is the menu. 5 appetizers, about 10 different "pots" , about 6 or 8 types of tea and the desert of the day. I ordered the seafood pot, it had real crab, clams, mussels, scallops, shrimp and fish. The flavors were clean, you can taste every ingredient and know they are fresh and the broth was perfect... Pair that with steam rice topped with delicious minced pork and the highly addictive "milk tea", which in my opinion was better than Thai iced tea. Oh, and let's not forget the service which was outstanding! If anything, I think the employees try a little too hard, but that's understandable, since as a new business they want to make the best first impression. I was impressed. They got me. I'm a fan!
5 Took my lady friend here and was blown away with how good the food tasted. Ingredients for our hot pot dishes were fresh and portions were huge.  We got the chicken wings and stinky tofu for our appetizers...so authentic. Service staff were nice and friendly. Definitely coming back for 1 more stop before leaving town.
5 I love hot pot and this is the best one I have so far in CA and NV area. My family and I  feel this place is better than "boiling pot" in CA. the staff and the owners are great, surely will go back as a regular.
5 A friend told me about this place. Finally came over today to check it out. Everyone so friendly and warm. The pot was in the special made container. We ordered fried chicken, sticky fried tofu and spicy tofu pot. The pot was full of items and they got us both the stew pork rice and vermicelli noodle. The taste reminds me of Taiwan! Yes! We'll be back soon.
5 This spot just had a soft opening so my friends and I decided to check it out. It's in a nice location on Rainbow, right by Oyshi. We came in and were greeted immediately by the hostess. There was only one other table of guests in the restaurant, so they weren't very busy at all. Understandable since they're brand new. We were told their grand opening will be in May, so hopefully business will pick up for them.   Let's get to the food. We ordered the sweet potato fries, popcorn chicken, and chicken wings to start with. Sweet potato fries were okay, not my favorite. The popcorn chicken and chicken wings were pretty amazing. Both were crispy and very flavorful, especially with the sweet chili sauce that it came with. For our hot pot, we ordered the rib eye, which was delicious. There were three of us there and it was enough for all of us. The cool part is that when you run out of broth, they'll refill your pot with fresh broth. And the pot is heated up the whole time it's at your table so it doesn't get cold. For dessert, we tried the cheesecake and the salted caramel ice cream. Both were pretty tasty separately, but together, they were amazing.  As far as service goes, the staff was great and attentive the entire time we were there. The owner, Wendy, was kind enough to stop by at our table and ask for our input on what we ate. We had a nice chat about their food and she was very sweet and recommended that we try the stinky tofu next time. Our server, Ariana, was awesome and friendly. The other servers that helped were also great. I'm looking forward to many more visits to this place!  Also... bring cash! The one and only downside was they were only taking cash at the time, which was understandable. We had cash, so it wasn't a huge inconvenience at the time. I'm assuming they'll start taking credit cards eventually, so hopefully they'll have that taken care of by the time they have their grand opening.
4 Woke up to a text from a friend yesterday telling me to go try this place and let him know how it is. And yesterday was so crazy windy the foodie fest shut down for the day so why not?  They've got a number of different hotpots to try. Between #1 and #2 I went with the seafood and tofu hotpot while my friend went with the other one.   The last time I had hotpot was at boiling point in Cali and I was disappointed with mine. This had the right amount of napa cabbage for me not to get annoyed with. I felt like they weren't trying to take my money with mostly cabbage. It was a great combination of different seafood items and meat :D. Also had a piece of crab and two pieces of shrimp.   Looking forward to other crazy random chilly days to try it out. Not that you have to since the AC feels like it's cranked up so it's pretty cold in there (for me since I get cold really easily). Definitely coming back soon to try the other pots.   My server, Sae, was such a sweetheart. She's great, sociable, and such a sweetheart. She found things of interest to talk about that didn't make me feel like you're just trying to make small talk for the heck of it. She was genuine.   It's not always credit card friendly so be prepared with cash just in case. Cash only the second time around, too. :(
1 After reading the reviews on this place, we were really looking forward to trying it out and having hot soup on a windy day. Unfortunately, we ended up being disappointed and leaving hungry.   There were maybe around 3 or 4 other parties when we got there so we didn't expect to wait long. We ordered chicken wings and the Japanese Miso hot pot. It took at least 30 minutes for the order to come out and only after following up with one of the servers who later turned out to be the manager. All the wait staff were very nice and did apologize for the delay. The food came out shortly after and the chicken wings were okay but we were so hungry by then anything would have tasted good. The hotpot came out after and the serving looked good for the price.   Our dining experience made a turn for the worse when I found a piece of wire in our soup and I brought it to Ariana, the server's attention. She apologized and told us that she would be right back. After waiting another 10-15 minutes, she came back and said the manager will take care of us but didn't really elaborate. At that point, we had waited almost an hour and only had chicken wings. Another server asked us if we were okay and we told her that another server was helping us. We waited another 10 minutes and finally followed up with Ariana again who then told us that the person who came over was actually the manager Kara and she would take care of our bill. I told her that we didn't even know that she was the manager since she didn't introduce herself, just thought she was another server.  I understand that the place is new and maybe they are not used to handling this type of situation. I appreciate that they took care of the bill but we hardly ate and left still feeling hungry. They could have offered to replace our order although I'm not sure how much longer we would have been willing to wait. Sad to say we won't be going back anytime soon.
5 Pot tea social house is not your typical Taiwanese hot pot/cuisine. It's way better,we had the popcorn chicken and the spicy beef hot pot good enough. To share for 2people.service was great,restaurant Was very clean and the owner bought us dessert #winning.come and check this gem in the southwest out.
5 We first visited Pot Tea on its soft opening and Wendy was very welcoming. She was even willing to give us a drink on the house. Good service is hard to find especially in Asian restaurants and Wendy left a great first impression. The second time we went in to eat for lunch. The staff was friendly and prompt when we needed anything. There was enough meat, seafood and veggies in my and my husbands pot. And the broth was just right. It reminded me of my mother in laws, which is delicious. Plus we got Jasmine green tea for free, since it was during lunch time. I have a bit of an addiction to tea and coffee lol, so I'm sure I'll be visiting more often just for the tea. Overall, I will be back with family because of the awesome service, great prices, and delicious food. It is worth checking out and eating at for sure!
3 Alright this place is good, but its not THAT good. I honestly think this place got high ratings because this is the best hot pot we have in Vegas.. which isn't saying much. So overall taste wise, Pot Tea gets a solid 3 stars which is a little harsh, but since I am Chinese, I do have high expectations for hot pot.    Came a couple of days after their opening and they were still doing some minor construction work. No biggie. I got the spicy beef hot pot and friend got the spicy miso pot. I asked for super super extra spicy while the friend got the mild. My hot pot turned out to not be spicy at all.. while my friend's actually had a good kick to it. The hot pot came with a side of minced pork rice (or vermicelli or white rice). I loved how they filled the pot with lots of ingredients, beef, fish cake, corn, imitation crab etc so they definitely weren't lacking in ingredients. What they were lacking in was flavor of the broth. The broth was really really light.. barely any flavor. And sure you can dip the stuff in the sauces they provided you with on the side, but they only provided you with 2. No option for you to make your own so that's kind of a bummer. We also ordered a side of popcorn chicken which wasn't that good either.. I thought the popcorn chicken at Easy Life was better.   So overall, if you're not familiar with Chinese hot pot, then give this place a try. If you've grown up eating hot pot all your life, best to save the $12 and eat hot pot at home.
4 I don't know if it's because I have a toddler who just got potty trained but the name did give me a few giggles.  This restaurant though is quite serious about it's casual but modern design and it's awesome food.  You enter into a large space that is bright, casual yet tasteful, a mixture of rustic wooden tables and benches with more industrial chairs.  Coupled with very warm and attentive service, this place is perfect for families and dates. Personally I am not a huge fan of shabu-shabu or hot pots, but this place has definitely converted me into a wanna-repeat customer.  (Thanks for bringing me here wifey!)  From 11am-2pm, you get free green or black tea with your lunch which you can have sweetened or unsweetened.  We had the Taiwanese popcorn chicken and my hubby, son and I LUVED it.  Popcorn chicken can be so boring and hard and chewy but these have a delicate crunch and light but savory seasoning and it comes with basil leaves.  Mmmmmm.  I ordered 2 plates and didn't get to take any home.  My friend ordered the chicken wings and I didn't feel like trying them coz it looked dry and they didn't care for it too much either, said there wasn't much flavor in the chicken itself so you can skip this.    For the bowls, hubby had the Rib Eye and I had the Kimchi bowl.  Let's start off with my Kimchi bowl, when it was served in their adorable containers over a live fire, even with the mild spice level that broth was EXTREMELY spicy.  It was more manageable when I had the fire under my bowl put off but man, was I sweatin!  The broth was very tasty and I enjoyed the mix of meat, vegetables, seafood and pseudo-seafood elements in my bowl.  I had beef, shrimp, scallop, squid, mussel, clams... the works.  Add a few more meat toppings and 2 people can share this bowl with an extra cup of rice.  I definitely enjoyed both the filling and broth of my bowl much more than my husband's order, which I thought was quiet bland.    However, they have this wonderful condiment pronounced "sha tsa" sauce which reminds me of a marriage between chili paste and bagoong (shrimp paste).  My friend said it's called Chinese barbecue sauce made with dried scallops.  It is very addicting and you can bump up the flavor of your hotpot to your liking.    If you are into hotpots, sharing and clearing up a stuffy nose, definitely stop by this Pot Tea.  Teehee.  Seriously, they've got some good stuff!
3 This place is ok. It's a lot better that shitty booming pot mini pot spot. It's probably the best personal mini Hotpot in Vegas. They need a Boiling Point here already! Anyways the popcorn chicken is good. The personal pots are good sized lots of meats veggies and etc. The only downfall I hope the fix later on down the road is when you order a add on of meat or what ever for $3.50 is to actually give you what you paid for instead of 2 slices of rib eye... I'll add a photo of what I got which is pretty sad looking. Besides that they messed up on my wife's pot. She ordered a kimchi one and received a seafood one. Which wasn't that big of a deal and they was quick and prompt on fixing it.
5 Best first time experience! Everything was just beyond amazing :) Everyone just welcomes you right when you come in the store and the store itself is already cozy!  Its different than any other Asian cuisine I have tried. Its my first time having a hot pot and I am glad I went here. Everyone should seriously try it!
2 Well, there are pots? Sort of - more like woks. They are hot. There is tea. Social house? I'm not sure.  You're going to experience your own "hot pot." If you've done hot pot before, you'd be sharing one giant one with everyone. Not here. You're generally in around $12 for your own hot pot. This includes a side (rice, rice with pork, or noodles). You can also pick how spicy you want it.  You'll be served a wooden sort of stove with a chemical fire keeping your pot of choice boiling. There are a few problems with this.  - These things take up a lot of your table in combination with your drink, a small extra bowl, and your small side. - The above is an issue because... it's still boiling in the pot/wok! It's way too hot to just eat straight up so you need to use your extra small bowl. So when you move soup and ingredients into the small bowl it's hard to maneuver yourself far enough from the fire and pot and close enough to the tiny bowl safely. - Because it's boiling hot and nobody had room to move food around to smaller bowls, everyone was blowing on their food. A lot. I, personally, got light headed. I have never worked so hard for my veggies. - Because everything already comes boiling in the pot, things are going to be cooked at paces that will likely displease you. Some things are already overcooked. Some will just not cook at all. It's not at your own pace.  It's genuinely questionable to me if it's worth $12 for what you get and how much work you have to do. I think I just prefer a regular hot pot experience where you can cook things at your own pace, in your own way, and likely much cheaper per person. Maybe that's just my bias. Maybe you'll go and you'll find a personal bowl is better. I just didn't. I know I've just never seen food consumed so slowly.  Other items tried...  - Taiwanese fried chicken. Extremely heavy breading on bits of fatty chicken. Extremely, extremely salty. - Sweet potato fries. Soggy, floppy fries.  All that aside, quality of ingredients is fine. The place is clean. It's one of few Taiwanese places around. So... support your local business and try it out? I don't know. I don't think I'd be back. There's just nothing compelling enough to return for.
3 Pot Tea opened recently and my friend and I decided to give them a try. We arrived around 7 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty packed.   I went with the spicy beef hot pot and my fried ordered the lobster hot pot as well as a chicken wing appetizer. The wings came out first and they were tiny. They looked dry, but were surprisingly moist. They lacked any sort of flavor and definitely needed a little more seasoning or sauce.   The hot pots came out and they were surprisingly large. I'm not well-versed in this cuisine but after my dining companion mentioned the lack of dipping sauces (they only offer two) it definitely felt lacking. More options would have helped quite a bit, I think. My spicy beef was actually quite spicy and flavorful. Opting for the vermicelli noodles over rice helped retain all the flavor from the broth.   Despite the spiciness level being right on, nothing else about our meal was particularly memorable. Everything  was just ok. My friend seemed less than enthused with her lobster hot pot and said she regretted getting rice instead of vermicelli.   The place is new, so I cut them some slack as far as service. They were busy and the severs seemed to be trying their best. Everyone was really nice, so I give them kudos for that.  Make sure you bring cash, since they are currently cash only.
4 This place was nice, the customer service was on point. I've only eaten Taiwanese hot pot twice, once here and the other time in California, i.e the famous Boiling Point. For starters I like the black tea, but I think i should be a tad bit sweeter but its fine. For appetizers we ordered the popcorn chicken, I didn't like as much, the flavor was fine but the texture was crispy enough, some parts were still soggy and it kinda killed it for me. The hot pot it self was good, but unlike Boiling point, they didnt have many sauces to choose from, they had your basic chili oil and ponzu. I LIKE VARIETY. but the flavor of the broth was still delicious, in fact I think it has better flavoring than Boiling Point. Besides the disappointing popcorn chicken, I like this place and will be coming again :)
3 It's better than booming pot & noodle exchange.. But still can't beat Boiling point in LA. I ordered the stinky tofu hot pot... I Could not taste the stinky tofu??  I didn't like how they only serve 2 different dipping sauces with your hot pot... There should be a variety of sauces... It's a hot point joint.  Plus side- lunch time.. Free black tea or jasmine green tea w your hot pot
2 The presentation was nice,  the staff was friendly, and the place seemed like a nice place to hang out. That's about it though.   We ordered the Japanese miso and stinky tofu pots in medium spicy. The wait was a little long but they were busy so we didn't mind. Like I said, the presentation was nice but it fell flat flavor- wise. I at least expected the stinky tofu to be, well... stinky.   I much prefer booming spot mini pot over this place.
1 Service was good... The food taste terrible, feels like the boiling pot in LA, but taste totally different. I ordered the spicy pot, the super spicy one, it's not spicy at all...disoppionted
4 This place was delicious! We went few weeks ago when they just barley opened so they were a bit on the new/slow side of customers service on the food, but the waitress were all wonderful and so kind. The food was a lot for one person (atleast I think so!) and I loved how they came around and asked if we needed to get "refill" or want more broth. I would definitely go back!
5 Food was great! All the servers were so kind. Their milk tea boba is pretty amazing. The broth was a little bland but i loved how they offer to refill your pot with broth when your running low
5 Bomb! Amazing customer service! My first time trying it and i loved it! Tried the pork and clam pot and it was yummy! Will be back for sure!!!
5 A great hang out spot on the southwest side of town! Very friendly n the food is tasty. Can't wait to go back!
5 Excellent service. My husband ordered spicy tofu & I ordered the beef pot. Delish flavors, plenty of veggies, meat and they refill the soup. Also ordered popcorn chicken appetizer crispy, lychee green tea tastes like fresh lychee. I definitely recommend this place!
3 I've dined at Pot Tea a few times now but probably won't be returning for a while. I had never had Taiwanese hot pot before dining here, so I can't tell you how it compares to others, but I found the food to be pretty good. I ordered the spicy beef pot on every visit and I think the broth is pretty tasty.  My problem with this place isn't the food - it's the service. The staff is very friendly but not attentive at all. I've been here when customer traffic has been at varying levels, and each time their attentiveness has been consistently low. On every occasion, once I received my food, not one server checked in to see if we needed anything else, refills, etc. Furthermore, the service is very slow. It's taken them an abnormally long time to serve us our good every time we've been here.   Pot tea is still fairly new, so maybe they need more time to get their footing, but until then, I probably won't be back.
4 They have a variety of hot pot . We ordered the kim chi hot pot and the spicy beef hot pot , both were delicious . They were generous with the portion. Sae , our waitress had a beautiful smile and was very friendly . She explained the different hot pots . Overall a great experience .
5 Went there late on a Monday night, staff was very courteous. They offered to refill our pot with broth if we ran low, which was nice. Definitely get some appetizers and the side of minced pork over rice. One pot is enough to feed two people I'd say. Good experience overall. To answer someone else's comment from an earlier post, they do take credit card. However I did not see any sign on their door saying so.
4 My new obsession. Loved everything here.    My fav so far: stinky tofu and kimchi pot
5 Very delicious! I love it! Service can be a bit faster but it's well worth it. They're very stingy with their minced pork rice lol but again it's still good.
3 Service was great. We signed in, picked a number, and shortly after we were seated. This place is great for big families/parties. The hot pot bowl portions are big enough for two people.  The only bummer was the lack of meat. I had to order extra ribeye due to the lack of meat in their bowls.  The popcorn chicken was full of flavor but very fatty at the same time.  I prefer the traditional hot pots where they serve raw meat and vegetables on a plate and you cook it in the broth though.
5 I was sad to see New Day Cafe gone, since it was one of my favorite breakfast joints. I was intrigued by Pot Tea Social House.  I finally tried this place for the first time, and wow...loved it!!!! Friendly and helpful staff. Refreshing fruit n milk teas, and good hearty "hot pot" soups!! Seafood, vegetarian, and beef varieties. One pot feeds two!! Very reasonable and nice decor.  Definitely will be back!!
5 This is the best hot pot place ever. The quality of the meat and vegetables are so fresh. You can tell the broth was made very well. The service is good and the servers are easy to talk to. They make sure you get everything you need and they were helpful when I ordered my food. My favorite thing about pot tea is that they refill your hot pot with more broth!! The hot pot portion looks small but it can easily make two people full and satisfied. My bf and I made the mistake of getting each a hotpot and we couldn't even finish half of it(and we eat a lot too). I wish I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars.
3 This restaurant is new, clean, and nice. The service is great. Our waitress took time to explain the menu and show us the size of pot. We didn't have any appetizer. I had spicy beef pot and hubby had seafood tofu pot. All hotpot's price are $11.99 (except one). Although the presentation is neat but the broth tasted very plain. Actually, no flavor at all. I hope they have some kind of fish sauce or salt on the table. Not very good!
5 Perfect place for Hot Pot, good atmosphere, fast / friendly service and great prices. If you come between the hours of 11am - 2pm get a free tea.
5 I was actually surprised on how good it was. I haven't had pot tea ever. This was my first time and I can say, I will be back!
4 This place is perfect for people that love hot foods. I liked the way it was cooked and the presentation was cute. The fire burned a little more than I would have wanted, but the problem was easily solved by the workers putting out the fire.   I ordered the lobster hot pot in mild spice and it was really good. The lobster didn't have much flavoring inside, but it balanced well with the pork broth added. The lobster took up most of the space, but it is perfect for lobster lovers!  Next, I ordered the Japanese Miso pot in medium spice. It was tad bit spicy, but it was delicious. It becomes more spicy when it is boiling, so you can turn off the fire to make it less spicy.   The service was nice and very friendly. I also got a stamp card! In addition, the pricing is good and on the cheap side.   I would ask that they improve on the rice quality. Maybe a bit softer, I suggest.   They have been open for three months now and I wish them much success in the future!
5 Friendly staff good services! Food is good but it's very spicy. I recommend getting mild if it's not spicy enough they will bring you some more soup.
4 good neighborhood hotpot place.  one thing that sets this place apart from all the other hotpot places in the area is that it is a clean, arguably trendy place. this is probably the one and only hotpot place in the area where you can bring your gf on a "date." not a fancy date, but not a place with mismatched plates and bossy middle aged asian women giving you the stink eye.  pros: presentation of hot pot is good. flavor is decent. maybe the best boba in the neighborhood?  cons: service is a bit slow, which, i'm not sure why since all they serve is hotpot. shouldn't it be immediate? not the most flavorful.   overall a good addition to the neighborhood. clean. decent. definitely coming back.
4 This opened not too long ago but I wanted to go ever since I saw the sign up. I finally got my chance!  I used to have Taiwanese food more often when I lived in CA.   We started off with the fruit flavored green tea. I got passion fruit, hubby got strawberry. These were delicious!  Very sweet though. The flavor reminded me of Asian candy.  Like the bubblegum they sell at Sanrio. I had to pace myself since it was hot out!  We got the chicken wings and popcorn chicken. From the looks of the apps, I would've assumed I'd enjoy the popcorn chicken more, but I liked the wings way more.  Our 2-year-old are most of the wings.   Hubby got rib eye hot pot and I got seafood hot pot.  I really liked it. I did feel I needed to add lots of sauce to get more flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't too salty. It was boiling (as expected). I wish they had a way to blow out the fire underneath the pot before it burns out on its own.   Our daughter ate all the fish and tofu out of my pot and loved it.   I like the picnic style tables. They make it easier for my kid to fidget.   I wish they sold beer and wine. Maybe I'm a lush, but i do enjoy a beverage with my dinner. I'm sure the license is pricey, so I'm not mad about it.   Service was great. They even come around asking if you'd like more soup. We didn't need more, but it was a nice touch. Then service went a little downhill at the end.  I don't know if it's our luck, or if it's an off-strip Vegas restaurant thing, but we always seem to get held hostage waiting for our check. I hate having to ask for it. Bachi Burger is the worst with this, so Pot Tea didn't seem like such a bad wait. We sat there maybe 20 minutes (we've waited almost an hour to pay the bill at Bachi before so I guess this wasn't too bad).   All in all, I'd go back. Especially when it starts getting cold out.
3 I'm a major pot lover...the hot pot kind!   So when Pot Tea Social House popped up, I was super excited to check it out.  It took over the New Day Café, so it was interesting to see what they did with this casual breakfast joint.  I was pleasantly surprised with how they changed the look and feel of the place.  The menu is very detailed, which makes it easy for those new to the hot pot world.  You know what you're getting upfront, so no random things in your soup show up.  The Husband and I chose to share one pot:  #9 Sour Pickled Mustard & Lamb Pot "Sliced Lamb, Sour Pickled Mustard, Daikon, Tofu, Carrot, Fish Ball, Fish Fillet, Lotus Root, Cuttlefish Ball" ($11.99) with the waiter-recommended Minced Pork Rice (other choices are Steamed Rice or Vermicelli).  When the hot pot arrived, it looked great!  However, as we dove further in, we noticed not too much pickled mustard in the soup.  What's the point of calling it Sour Pickled Mustard & Lamb Pot if there's not much of the main ingredient present?  The server came by to shut off the fire and didn't really hear me when I suggested lowering it instead.  (Or perhaps lowering it wasn't an option?)  As a result, our soup got cold quickly.  Therefore, you don't really want to drink the broth when you're done.  The accompanying Minced Pork Rice was a really small portion and it would cost $2 more for another bowl.  We chose the medium spice level, and it wasn't too spicy.    We also ordered the Taiwanese Pork Hocks Stew ($5.99).  Biggest mistake ever.  They were the driest and toughest ham hocks I have ever had.  The term 'stew' is misleading because it's not tender at all! I could barely pull any edible bits off and I needed some major flossing when I was done attempting to extract some meat off those things.  Another appetizer we tried was their Fried Stinky Tofu ($5.99).  Average, not really stinky or memorable.  I should mention Sweet Potato Fries ($5.99) were also on the menu - totally random in my opinion.  And I looked around, and not many people finished their order of it.  Overall, Pot Tea Social House was an okay food experience.  I guess I would go back again if I was too lazy to drive down to Spring Mountain.  Side note: They do have a loyalty stamp card.  Buy 10 hot pots, get 1 free.
4 Food: We ordered the chicken, which was so yummy. Reminded me of Chinese crispy pork flavor for some reason.  I had the Japanese miso (spicy level medium). I thought it was a good sized portion with a variety of vegetables some seafood and pork. I had also ordered an extra side of beef, which I thought was also a good sized portion. If you like spicy, I didn't think that the medium level was that spicy either.  Drinks: I got plain black tea which I loved. And my boyfriend got lychee tea which was sweet and super good!  We also got the strawberry tea, which wasn't that sweet but it was alright. I liked the lychee tea the best.  Service:The service was just alright. We had came later in the night around 9, so the server we had was pretty preoccupied with sweeping the floors.  Other than that, everything was great! Would definitely come back again!!
