3 I stopped by on Day 2 of it's opening. All the sandwiches are served with chimichurri sauce and voila, you get the restaurant's name. There are about 5 different sandwich options as well as a few empanada choices. All the sandwiches are served on bread similar to that of a torta and when it comes right down to it, they basically are tortas-served on a loaf rather than a round. Meat, cheese, lettuce, peppers, mayo...if it tastes like a torta, looks like a torta, it is one. And I think this is where the restaurant will stumble. Sandwiches here go around $9.00 (accompanied by a smattering of fries). For a slightly lower price, you can go to the numerous Mexican restaurants that serve a far superior sammy.  The chimichurri sauce is solid but they need to mix it up (different flavor profiles, etc) if they want to make it for the long haul.
5 I have tried everything on the menu except the Chimmie Chicken. That is next. So far not a loser in the bunch. Homemade everything. The Bread is great and the sandwich is even better. Menu is small but I say do a few items really well rather then a bunch mediocre. This the do very well! The Provoleta cheese is awesome! An Empanada for $2.49 can't beat that anywhere.   I will let you know once I have tried the Chimmie Chicken but until then go and try them you will not be disappointed.
1 Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all.   I won't be coming back.
2 Just ok.  Chicken empenada was good, but given its size should have cost closer to $1 not $2.39.  Sandwich wasn't very memorable.  Might try it again after they have a chance to work out the kinks.
3 As I drove by this location I noticed that the city had what appeared to be yet another sandwich restaurant.  For some reason though I still looked it up and found out that it was actually a South American sandwich place; my interests was then piqued.  This place is next to Curry in the Box in strip mall nettled in a nook off Fish Hatchery.  Walking in I was greeted by the owner of this new place.  It is a nice sized place and somewhere I could see myself stopping in for in the summer.  The place has a very small menu.  If I remember correctly there are fries, sandwiches, and empanadas.  Not a sandwich person so I ordered fries and empanadas.  The fries are Argentinean style (apparently that is a thing) and are topped with eggs.  They have only 3 or  4 different types of empanadas so I decided to order one of each type; they were fairly small.    I think the fries would have been better off eaten at the restaurant.  I say this because by the time I got home, which mind you is literally two minutes away, they looked like fries with hard scrambled eggs on them.  In the picture in the restaurant however they looked to be soft scrambled eggs; I think I would have preferred this more.  Of the empanadas that I ate the only memorable one was the chicken.  It had nice sized cubed pieces in it.    I love to try to places and especially like supporting smaller places like this but I don't think I will add this place to my rotation.  I had the gnarliest stomach ache after eating here. It could be that it was something else or that I order 4 items that were pretty much deep fried who knows.  I just wasn't as impressed as I expected to be. With that said however, this place is pretty close to me so I could see myself walking down there and ordering an fries or an empanada if I'm in the mood.
5 I was not sure what to expect until I walked into Chimmies.  The place looks very professional with sharp colors and clean menu. We tried the 2 panini sandwiches of turkey and ham (which were really good) and a vegi and chicken empanada.  Those were tasty as well.  I will be back soon to try there regular sandwiches and venenzuelan style fries.
5 I had the Chimmie Chimmie, and it was incredibly good. The flavors and taste are very unique. There are a million sub places in Madison and surrounding areas, but the ones you want to go to are the ones who offer something different, while still being delicious. Chimmies is one of those, and it will be on my short list of places to go when I want a sub. My wife had the Hot Press Roast Beef and she enjoyed it as well. I had about a quarter of it, and I thought it was fantastic. The bread was nice and flaky but fluffy on the inside like a good hot press sandwich should be.   The fries that came with my Chimmie tasted almost exactly like McDonalds fries. Which isn't bad, because they're pretty well known and liked. We've never actually run across fries that tasted so close to them before.   While a bit more expensive than most places by a few dollars, you do get a full meal out of it, and again, the taste of the sandwiches is unique which is the most important thing in my book.
