5 Went here 4/11/14 for a jazz show. Great location/nice showroom/plenty of parking/great crowd/good service and wow what a good show.   Drinks were reasonable and we'll poured.  We will definitely be back.
5 Went on Sunday night for jazz and blues open mic night. Saw several singers and a impressionist. All were great. You never know who will show up. We saw Phil Flowers, and Queen Aries, so entertaining. The desserts were the bomb. Homemade banana bread topped with ice cream, Hugh portions. Can't wait to go to a other venue.
5 Owner Ron Decar has brought live entertainment back to Las Vegas at Viva Las Vegas Event Center. My favorite show is "Swinging Sundays" featuring a professional open mic. The band shines with pianist Jeanne Bullet, a talented and beautiful musician, singer, and even dances on occasion. Last Sundays show included Queen Aires and Phil Flowers. The first Friday of every month features a great Big Band Orchestra. Arrive an hour early and you receive free ballroom dance lessons from a professional instructor. Dancing is encouraged at this and every event. Other nights include Pam E. Williams, Central Avenue, Toscha Comeaux, Bill Fayne, and many others. The prices are low, excellent food, great service (you will feel a member of the family), excellent venue and great performers.  Note - I am not an employee of Viva Las Vegas Event Center nor a close friend of anyone associated with this venue. I first came to Las Vegas in the early 1960's and really enjoyed the live music featured at almost every major casino. Lounge acts abounded provided great entertainment for little more than the cost of a drink. The major shows featured top performers and amazing bands. Yes there is a smattering of live music in other areas of Las Vegas but for the most part show music is recorded. Today you can drive many mile and catch an occasional live show but at Viva Las Vegas Event Center you can catch a premium show multiple times every week.
5 This was the exact place we have been searching for!!! My boyfriend and I are always talking about a nice jazz spot to dance and enjoy ourselves rather than being shoulder to shoulder with people in a club. We love old school music. Jazz, neosoul, r&b. Live music brings you back to life, keeps you young and lifts the spirit high.  Its location is like night and day from being inside to out. Youd easily drive by not knowing how beautiful it is inside. Extremely elegant setting & dress attire, up most respectful, friendly, & courteous staff, wonderful singers, performers & musicians. Very appropriate for all ages. To be able to have dinner, drinks, & listen to jazz at the same time was perfection for us. We ordered a bottle of the house merlot, which for the first time ever in my life that I've ordered red wine did the waitress asked up if we would like it chilled bc normally red wine is served room temp. For us that was the perfect question bc we definitely prefer it a little icy! That was the first highlight of the night. We both ordered black eyed peas & cornbread( cb was a bit dry so I crumbled it right in the peas delish), then I also ordered the salad without cheese which was a decent size and lots of healthy toppings, he ordered catfish sliders & enjoyed those as well. We realllly wanted to try the collard green egg rolls but they had bacon in them & we don't eat pork :-( Definetly getting some dessert next time, couldn't fit it in my belly this time but I had my eye out for the peach cobbler. Nothing like good ol soul food  So being a chef myself, the second highlight of my evening was meeting the chef, as she came over to each and every table to introduce herself and ask how the food was. Thats very rare to happen when your out eating & I personally love that gesture. Now another plus for the main singer Pam E Williams was she also incorporated audience and child participation into her show, & continuously introduced the members of her band to share the credit of the show. And even another plus, the host of the evening was the owner Ron Decar, who did a wonderful job. The whole evening me n tezzy were grooving,  snapping, clapping, tapping or feet, bopping our heads & having pretty much an evening of perfection. Bathrooma were xlean, lots of parking available,  & very reasonable pricing for everything. I got free tickets from showtickets4locals.com which I am very glad bc I never knew this place existed.  We definitely are returning and apreading the word to friends. Nothing but smiles, full bellys, & lots of sexy time there & after ;-) Winos
5 I've come here the past two Fridays to check out the live music, as my wife was one of the guest performers during the show.  The sound was acoustically very good, although occasionally a little loud.  I was impressed with how nice and elegant the place really is.  There is an "Old Las Vegas" feel to it with a nice blend of some modern amenities.  I've tried a couple of the appetizers and an entree from the menu.  The food was great!  The staff was very friendly.  I look forward to coming back, and seeing more acts.
5 Live Music is phenomenal, ask for a purple Martini, yummy! You need to come on down. Gonna have some Southern peach cobbler w/ice cream later. SSooooo glad I'm here. Hope you can get here...you won't be disappointed. I WILL Be Back!!
