5 I am completely in love with this place! They not only make the best tacos and burritos but el chino beans are to die for! I now have a true food addiction to this place and go a few times a week. They also offer turkey and chicken options if you don't eat red meat, which is a plus!! You leave craving more and without the feeling your pores are oozing grease. This is quality food and cooked/seasoned to perfection. I look forward to each visit and their staff is always so welcoming and accommodating. This place is a MUST stop and so reasonably priced as well
5 The food here is fantastic. Great food great prices great tacos Mexican-style. Although the parking can be tricky, try to find a spot and make your way to this great Mexican restaurant. The quesadillas are bomb, the tacos are freaking awesome. And you can't beat 1 liter cokes sprite.
5 This business is a co workers friend.. great guy with great food and prices ! Try everything the beans are to die for , and chicken is moist .. Support small business and try this out !!
5 Well as i search for great tasting tacos, I found a great place in downtown Phoenix that is Awesome!!! El Chino makes excelent tacos n not to mention burritos, quesadillas and tortas....tasty meat especially the asada!! Great service, great people.....will be going back to taste everything in there menu lol when I get a chance......by the way the Refrito beans are the BOMB!!! GREAT JOB N FOOD CHINO!!!
3 3.5 Stars  Taqueria El Chino(TEC) has a 5 star rating with just four reviews.  For me it is tough to take fellow Yelper's reviews who's review count are not in double digits and dolling out 5 stars seriously.  A Yelp friend Adrixx C. recommend this place on YT so I gave it a chance and I'm glad I did.  This place is not perfect by no means.  TEC appears to be a new start-up.  If not, they are not a well oiled machine with many opportunities to improve.  TEC has a fighting chance to become a legit goto spot, but not yet.  As we walk in we are greeted by a plume of smoke, no not what you're thinking.  They smoke some of their meats but they were not using their exhaust hood above the grills nor had any doors open.  As I'm writing this review six plus hours later our clothing, car and accessories still have a strong smoke scent.  They open both the front and rear doors as we were looking at the menu.  You walk up to the counter, place your order and wait for your number to be called with your beverage in hand.  You pay after you are done which allows you to add additional items if you choose, thumbs up!  I was really impressed with TEC's menu which is easy to navigate.  It consist of two columns of vertically listed meats.  Each available meat then lists horizontally it's price for taco(corn/flour tortilla), burrito, torta or quesadilla.  My family and I only got the following tacos. Carne de Rez con Chile Verde(cubed beef in a green chili sauce), the meat was well seasoned but a bit on the tough side.  Taco de Rib Eye(carne asada), meat was very tender but only luke warm and to much fat on it for my liking.  Barbacoa de Rez(beef seasoned barbacoa style), this was the rock star of my order!  The barbacoa was executed perfectly, very flavorful and tender!  When we ordered our drinks we were told that they only had enough horchata for one order and were out of their other aquas frescas.  There were also down to one bottled orange Fanta Mexican soda(sugar cane soda taste so much better) with no Coke left, another example of inexperience.  I have a finicky eater in my group so TEC gives you your taco plain and allows you to dress it with what you want off their salsa bar.    I hope TEC much luck and sincerely hope they hammer out the little things that may scare some return business away.  I will be back for some Barbacoa de Rez tacos and try more off the menu!  My mouth is salavating as I write this.
5 Cheap  Delicious  Excellent Customer Service  Fresh  Did I mention Delicious?  I go to el Chino about twice a week. I acknowledge this with no shame. Since they have opened the service is much more streamlined and fast. The ingredients are fresh and with variety for those that really like to pile their tacos with a multitude of toppings.  Tacos are street-style size. Burritos are large in size. You will leave satisfied without feeling miserable.   Suggestion: Get the Turkey taco. . . it will not disappoint. Make sure to put cheese on it.
5 I work at the Arizona State Capitol and we are wanting for good non-cafeteria food. El Chino fits the bill and then some. The people and the food are fantastic.   El Chino has become a mainstay as it's modestly priced and consistently good Mexican food.   This is the perfect Capitol lunch spot.
5 Wonderful fresh and delicious food at great prices with fantastic service.   Love this place!
5 1st time here.  My husband and I stopped for lunch today and this place is really kept up. I ordered the carne asada torta and man was it very filing, I had a hard time finishing it.  My husband ordered the same with 2 carne asada tacos on the side.  They have a salsa bar with fresh pico, cilantro, limes, salsa, and onions you can top your plate with.  The carne asada was so delicious!  I work near the capitol and already can't wait to come back and try the other items on the menu.  Prices are really reasonable and the customer service is awesome.  They walked up to our table and offered us refills, boxes to go, and even take our empty plates. If you are in the area this is a must stop.
5 Fantastic taco spot! Food is delicious, place is very clean and well kept! Will definitely return! Cheap too.
