1 Well I was staying at the LVH and this flyer was under my door. The price was cheap and they advertised if you purchased online you would get 20% off and free delivery. Well that is great but when you go to put your credit in into the site first its not secure and second your card wont go through. When I called to tell them this they tried to charge me 2 bucks to take a card. I explained it wasn't my fault and they waived it for me. The next night I tried again (I had also recommended it to our friends who also had this same issue) this time I called explained the issue and the guy WOULD not waive it. This is CLEARLY a scam to get you to call in to place the order so they can charge the fee. . The food is mediocre and the people are rude and scamy. I wouldnt recommend this place at all. VERY UNSATISFIED. Also I complained to the HOTEL. LVH said it is against there policy to have them on the property and that they would contact them. SO SCAMY!!!!  LVH doesnt allow deliveries.
2 For the location and price it seemed like a good idea. Food is very mediocre and service is terrible. What was supposed to be 15 minutes, ended up being a half hour. As we placed the order, the guy overcharged or got it wrong. Also, he was very rude. I highly advise using cash, as they use their computer for cards. Which seemed sketchy, as it is a website for the payment. The food was greasy, over cooked and mediocre. Pizza was decent, pastas and wings were over cooked.
2 Ordered from here on grubhub and it took almost two hours to get my food. I live about 5 minutes away. I eventually called and asked where my food was and the lady said the drivers on his way. Half an hour goes by and still no food so we called again. She said the same thing. When we did get our food it was okay... Not the best but not too bad. I'll never order from here again though because it's not worth the ridiculous wait time.
5 Right now I'm at the pizza joint right now, but man they do have great deals for the pizza and combos. Gotta say that it's good pizza and a great location so yea love the this joint, but Roma pizza is good so try it before you denied it
1 This place has to  be the master of subterfuge.  I ordered a Gyro sadwich and a hamburger online. The gyro sandwich is advertised for $6.99 but when I got there I had to pay $10.99. The cook over there told me that is because of the toppings.  I said nowhere on the menu it says there is an extra charge for toppings.  He said that's how the owner wants.  Then I asked for the fries and can of soda for the lunch special.  He said it does not apply online.  This is the last time I will ever go there.  Buyers beware!
3 If I could give them an additional .5 star I would. Pretty decent pizza considering all the negative reviews. I usually judge a pizza by whether or not I finish the crust and this place's dough is prettyyy good (yes I ate the crust ). Sure the cheese and pepperoni are not the highest quality ingredients but that's a given; and you get what you pay for.... Mozzarella sticks were good and didn't arrive cold upon delivery A++ for that. Chicken wings were kind of small and a little over done and dry but still decent.
3 There are slim to none eateries within walking distance from the tire shop we were at, (and we were starving) so pizza it is! I'll admit, I was mildly concerned at first, the reviews for this place were blunt and despairing.  The pizza shop is owned and ran by a rough around the edges Kosovonian family and unfortunately customer service isn't their strong suit. They weren't blatantly rude, they were just straight to the point and a little cold.  Let's talk about the food, it was $2 a slice and 50 cents per topping.  Pizza crust: my crust was pretty great! Nice and crispy, not too thin and not thick. I'm typically picky with crust and normally won't eat it, but it had good flavor. (Edit: my boyfriend said his crust was soggy...whoops! lol)  Pizza body: It was soft, a little closer to the soggy end. (Still not too bad, if you can deal with that) Pizza sauce: Not bad, but also not too bold in flavor.  Pizza topping: Very generous! Lots of ham covered the entire Hawaiian pizza, plus a mountain of pineapple. There were also a nice amount of pepperoni and mushrooms on the other slice.  Cheese: Decent. There was a good amount of melty mozzarella.  Size: Nice decent slice. (It filled me up)  Note: Even though they were generous with the pepperoni, it wasn't the highest of quality and didn't have the best flavor. Not even salty. Reminded me of the ready to eat pepperoni in packages such as hormel.   Jalapeño poppers: $4.99 hot hot hot!  (In temperature) Be careful. In a fit of hunger, I definitely burned the rooftop of my mouth. The jalapeño wasn't spicy at all and thinner than I've had. Also a generous amount of scalding hot cheese with a nice crispy crust. It wasn't poor, it just wasn't groundbreaking - average at most. I wouldn't think of ordering it again.   Damage: We paid roughly about $17 for 2 slices, jalapeño poppers, and a coke can. Hey, we even handed him a hundo and he gave back the correct change. So call us lucky! No scamy scams this time.
1 They slipped a flyer under our door at Las Vegas Hotel so I ordered a pizza for delivery.  We waited two hours.  I called and they said "any minute".  It never arrived.  I don't recommend them.  I misspoke - it arrived.  We ordered at 1015p and it arrived at 1230a.  They have a good business model - room service is expensive and a pizza, hamburger and dessert from Roma's was only $31.  They just need to execute better.
2 I'm pretty sure that I'll be avoiding this place in the future, which is annoying because it's right around the corner from my office.  First off, their pizza is good.  Especially, when you consider that out of the dozens of stand-alone pizza shops in Las Vegas, not many of them are that impressive.  This place is.  Second, their prices are decent.  We usually partake of the lunch special where you can get two slices of cheese pizza and a can of soda for $3.99.  I think that's a pretty great deal considering that the two slices are HUGE.  However, their customer service is so bad, it's non-existent.  The first time my co-workers and I went to this place, at noon, to get lunch, the open sign was off and the doors were locked.  We waited about ten minutes and somebody finally pulled up and seemed annoyed that there were people waiting to be let in.  That annoyed me.  If they happen to get an order wrong (which happens far too often as their English isn't that great) they go to EXTREME lengths to convince the customer that it was their fault and not the other way around.  All in all, I just don't think decent food is worth the fact that I leave pissed off each time I go here.  Once again, I'll pass on going back until they learn how to properly treat their customers.
