5 This is our first time eating here. When we arrived during lunch we were seated immediately. Our drinks were promptly ordered and brought to us. We ordered spinach artichoke dip it was delicious and filling. Our server seemed very nice but sort of spacey but overall very pleasant. We sat in the bar so it was a little noisy but not too bad. We ordered the classic chicken tenders with half rack of ribs our sides were Mac and cheese and butted corn. These all were amazing. The Texas margarita was huge and only $4. They didn't skimp on the alcohol either. Overall this place was great. Will be returning again.
3 Place was new so we decided to check it out. After coming off an Asian trip, I thought American food sounded good.  The Cheddar's Pain Killer was a nice drink to start us off. Along with the Wisconsin cheese bites (addictive) and chips and queso (good).   Our server warned us that their portions were large here and we did notice a few to-go bags leaving while we were waiting, so we kept that in mind when ordering our main dish. Between our family we tried the baby back ribs (ok), chicken tenders (ok), Sweet Heat Chicken & Shrimp (a joke), Top Sirloin Steak (so rubbery it was painful to eat), and the smokehouse burger (good but regular size).  We noticed that in no way did any of the portions seem "large" in comparison to any other restaurants I've been to, so not sure why that was emphasized by our waiter.  All-in-all, this is typical chain-style American food. The drink I had was good, the meal I had was forgetable. The value wasn't there either. We all agreed we wouldn't return.
4 Katie was our server and very friendly,  I had the New Orleans pasta and it was good. I will come back again
4 Ate here tonight for the first time , and it was pretty dang good!! Our waitress was awesome and did a great job on keeping on top of everything. We got the Wisconsin cheese bites for an appetizer, which were a bit salty but amazing! We also got the stacked onion rings, soooo good!! For entrees, I did the chicken Caesar salad pasta, which was quite interesting but it was good! My sister had the baked potato soup which she loved. My daughter had the baked spaghana , which was a baked spaghetti like lasagna, interested but really good!! Hubby had a ribeye, aside from it being a little tough to chew, he liked the flavor. The atmosphere was nice and clean. My daughter was fascinated with the fish tank which was right by our table. The reason I give it a 4 stars ( really 4.5) is because of the cheese bites being a little salty and the toughness of my hubby's ribeye. We will be back though!
5 I normally am not one to write a review but I felt the need to counteract the bad press on this place.  Yes we had to wait about 20 min to be seated but it was well worth it! Our server, Rachel, was excellent.  We never had to ask for anything it's like she read out minds.  She was great to recommend things and all of us took her up on recommendations.  I had the monti Christo which was delicious and enough for two.  Our table also had Tuscan chicken sandwhich and chicken tender dinner.  All were happy with their choices.  The kids grilled chicken was nice and tender.  The food was excellent and the service was fantastic.  Thanks Rachel! You rock!
3 I grew up eating Cheddar's. It's a smaller chain that doesn't advertise and how consistent, cheap food that's actually pretty good. My husband and I were excited one finally opened up in Arizona, specifically the Phoenix area, even if that location is way out in Chandler.  It's a big restaurant, so a wait usually isn't too bad. The food ranges from eh to pretty good to hey this isn't too bad. For appetizers, the onions rings aren't bad, and neither is the queso.  For entrees, you can get some healthier options. I usually like the veggie plate with a salad. Chicken fried steak is a good staple, and the burger isn't bad (although you have to order fries separately). The Caesar salad pasta is an interesting take on two dishes - basically a big Caesar salad on top of a bed of pasta.  Desserts are all pretty good too. Mixed cocktails are fun and the painkiller is actually strong.  If you're on a budget and in the Chandler area, especially if you have kids, Cheddar's is a good way to go. I like to eat here when I'm homesick and trying to save some money.
4 Cheddars is just all around good food at a decent price. The service was great, our server keep our drinks filled & checked on us often. If you go you must must must get the croissant bread pudding. It is simply outstanding.
