5 So after walking the strip we were hungry, walked in and almost walked out. The bad about this place is that it's not cheap and there are a few things they didn't have that I really wanted like a BBQ chicken pizza. The good about this place is that everything we did order was Yummy‼ I custom made a pesto pizza that I think was the best ever. My kids god a sausage pizza and then we got a salad and some drinks. Everything is custom made and it's very fresh. I highly recommend this pmace‼
3 Located right outside of the Monte Carlo and next to Double Barrel Roadhouse. Spacious, airy, and bright inside with an outdoor patio area.  You'll see an assembly line of employees upon entering. Pick the pizza you want and any add ons are an additional $1.50. We got the margherita with added rosemary ham, mushrooms, and spinach as well as "the carni" with salsiccia, pepperoni, meatballs, and rosemary ham with added artichokes. Also got the burrata with melon and proscuitto that comes with bread. Pay up then you'll get a number they'll call out when your order's ready.  Verdict: it was okay. You get hints of wood burnt taste from the way it was made. I appreciated that. Although, the carni surpassed in flavor compared to the margherita. Tip: the more add ons, the more difficult it'll be for your pizza to hold up since it's so thin. The burrata was good. Prosciutto and the melon blended well but I don't think I'd get it again for the price.  Also got a glass of Prosecco for $10 and a glass of beer for $9. They serve gelato too.   Overall, it was a good lunch although it was more on the pricier side when everything totaled up. Would I come back? Maybe, just because I have had better. I admit, while I was in a piece of carb heaven and even eating my date's crusts, my mind and taste buds were thinking of how I couldn't help but compare it to Settebello Pizzeria...
5 This is the real Neapolitan pizza. It tends to be softer in the middle than the typical delivery pizza. That's how it should be. Stick to 4-5 toppings and ask for extra crispy if the soft center isn't your thing. Soda machines have everything imaginable, and the beer offerings are solid as well.
4 The place interiors is a good interpretation of a real Neapolitan pizzeria. Marble tables, and minimalist furniture...made me feel at home (I'm from Napoli Italy).  I had a margherita doc...to be made with us products was really good. A tip: the use the same mozzarella in both the filetto and the margherita doc, but the double the price of the second one saying that is bufala mozzarella. Just take the filetto, is cheaper and very good!!! I would strongly recommend to go there!!!
4 Best pizza on the strip.  Great prices and wine and beer choices.  The ingredients are so fresh and there is a huge variety of topping options.  The carni is a must for meat lovers and loved the zucca!
5 Friendly staff, excellent service & very attentive. Good customer service and excellent food. Pizza crust is thin and perfect amount of toppings. Great place for families.
4 First timer this weekend and I have to say. I really enjoyed it. Even better my husband who is a pizza snob.. LOVED IT. We started with the marguerite and added yummy toppings, kids just added extra cheese and it was great. Service is GREAT. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. A guy even put 2 tables together for me so we could sit outside. I ordered the brocolini and just a heads up it is SPICEY!!! Not for me, but if you like spicey its really good...We will definitely return. We always stay at Monte Carlo and Im so happy they have added this to their choices.
4 PEET-SUH!!  Situated along Las Vegas Blvd right at the front of Monte Carlo Casino, this is a great pit stop for quick lunch/dinner while strolling  around the area.  I like how you get to customize any pizza as the staff whips it up.  I say start off with Margherita and pile it up with desired toppings.  Being a NYC pizza fan, I prefer picking up and folding my pizzas in half.  Unfortunately, this is not the case for Neopolitan pizza as they're quite thin and soggy; we were even adviced to use silverware instead of picking it up.  Nonetheless, the crust was tasty and ingredients were fresh.  Due to its location, a pint of beer costs $9 which I succumbed to since theres really nothing better than washing down amazing pizza with a cold glass of Moretti.  Overall, 800 Degrees Pizza has delicious pizzas and superb customer service.  As a local, I probably won't come back as often especially since Settebello is just right around my neighborhood.
5 Best pizza in the world!!!! First thing you need to know... It's neopolitan pizza people! Don't listen to some of these other reviewers who clearly don't know what neopolitan means. The price is extremely fair. Margherita pizza for $7.95 and it was amazing!!! Add ons are $1.50 which is kinda steep. It's a build your own pizza bar pretty much. The interior is extraordinarily clean and the staff is exceptional. My bf and I stayed in Vegas for 4 days and ate here twice. I definitely recommend this joint!!! A little advice??? The pizza comes out a little thin do don't add on more than 3 items otherwise the dough will be overwhelmed.
5 My other love besides breakfast is pizza.   So, we had this as a light lunch because the boo and I split the pizza after a day out by the pool. It was very tastey. If you're staying at the monte carlo, having a pizza place just down stairs is a very nice convenience. I did not go down with the S.O. to buy it but he came back within 20-30 minutes with a Margherita pizza and he added ham to it.   Some people may not like the softness of the bread because it was thin and could have been toastier but I still found it to be delicous. You could taste how fresh it is with each bite. I could have easily eaten the whole thing by myself.
5 Great pizza with fabulous ingredients in a nice setting! Beautiful inside & also nice on the patio to pplz watch as crowds flow by on Las Vegas blvd... Excellent wine & beer choices too... Parking in the Monte Carlo & walking to the street worked well... Fun to see the new businesses coming together! 800 degrees pizza is a gem& might be better than Westwood ultimately!
4 Perfect pizza after stumbling around the strip all day. Everyone on staff is fun and friendly and dancing as they make the pizza! It's in a big open room to, so the air is flowing and you definitely don't feel cramped at all.   The pizza is super delish and reasonably priced. If I remember correctly I believe it's about 10 a pizza which can easily be split between two people. I recommend the zucca pizza which had bacon, caramelized onions, butternut squash! All with some fresh rosemary oil.
2 The toppings on the pizza were good but the crust was super soggy which I disliked alot.. the meatballs were blah the sauce was too acidity in my opinion my son didnt even eat it... there a place by where I live (in Long Beach, California) called Pieology(so thats what im comparing it to).. that place is perfection every time thin and crispy.. tho whole pizza. Not just the crust... I dont think I would eat there again
4 Fresh dough containing only flour, salt, water and wild yeast, rolled to order right in front of your eyes, house-made toppings, proprietary fresh mozzarella, and cooked in 60-90 seconds an 800 degree almond-wood burning oven.  Authentic Neapolitan pizza.  Say no more.  Yummmmmm.....
3 Very thin crust pizza. I ordered the margarita base with two toppings. With all the oils they add loaded the pizza down and you couldn't eat the pizza by hand or the toppings and cheese slides off. Very messy, I went through about 30 napkins. If I come here again I will ask for very light sauce, no extra olive oil, and cook it well done. On the plus side it was quick to come out and tasty. I would probably pick another pizza place over this one.
4 I like this restaurant and especially the outdoor seating. It's a prime spot if you want to people watch.   Being from Southern California, I had heard of 800 Degrees but never had the opportunity to go when I was in Los Angeles. As soon as I heard they were opening a location at the Monte Carlo I had it on my list of places to try.   800 Degrees offers an assembly line layout, close to that of Chipotle but the product is far superior. As I was in line, I had the pleasure of speaking with the manager and you could tell he really loved his job. I ordered the margharita pizza and the meatballs. The margherita pizza was solid, and I was surprised at the top notch ingredients for the price. The meatballs were decent but I would probably not order them again.   I want to also mention how pleasant and genuine the staff was. Whoever did the hiring did a great job. I will definitely be back and wish the utmost success for this business.
5 My son recommended this restaurant as he visited the original location in LA, California.    We were very impressed with the ordering and the finished pizza.  Service was excellent.  Location was easy to get to and can accommodate large groups without any problem.    If you like FRESH ingredients on your pizza, this is definitely the place to go! This pizza is not your ordinary pizza, so keep an open mind and get those taste buds ready for a real treat!
5 This place is awesome!  Fresh and delicious!  I had the broccolini and the Bianca pizza with chicken. Its a must have.
5 The best pizza spot on the strip. Great prices and super fast. Perfect for a quick lunch between meetings, or if you have a little extra time sitting outside to people watch is always a good time. Luv the fact that you can start from a classic base & build your own new favorite pizza. Def make sure to add jalapeños to anything you make adds just the right amount of kick. If you're more into the healthy side you can always choose a salad option they have several to choose from, the gorgonzola salad is a must. And nothing would be complete here if you don't make a trip or two to the fancy coke machine where you can mix a match to make your favorite beverage. The high-C raspberry is my fav among many options. I've yet to go wrong with the selections I've made here, which is a win in my book.
4 Tartufo on the specialty pizza menu is definitely the way to go! The crust is a little bland, but overall the pizza is still pretty good.
5 Best pizza ever. I love how the guys took care of me they did an awesome job. Had the Carni with Calabrian chiles as the base best tasting pie I've ever had
5 Just finished eating a delicious pizza at 800 degrees. It's just as good as the Los Angeles location, but with a Vegas flavor to it. The margarita pizza is scrumptious and if you love tomatoes try the margarita doc pizza . By far my favorite Bianca pizza.  It will not disappoint .
5 If only there was one of these off the strip! The dough was cooked to absolute perfection and i was impressed with the amount of in house ingredients and locally sourced dairy and produce. Even being on the strip you'll be hard pressed to find dining this good at these prices. While specialty pies top out at $15 you can still go for a Margherita at a shade under $8. Also while the beer list is not long or cheap they feature two taps from Goose Island in addition to fairly standard offerings. I found the staff to be pleasant as well. All of that combined with the proximity to other good eateries equals five stars for me.
4 800 Degrees is part of the newly updated front for Monte Carlo.  Decided to check out 800 Degrees since I've heard many good things about it in LA.  They actually claim to be the best pizza in LA!  I went for the Sausage & Peppers, which is their thin crust pizza topped with Italian sausage, peppadews, and caramelized onions.  I also added artichoke as an additional topping and I gotta say, I was quite impressed.  All the toppings' quality is tops and that sausage was straight up addicting.  I sorta wanted to give them a bad review just cause I wish there was more.  Usually I don't like crust but couldn't get enough of the thin crust here!  Mozza and sauce was great as well.   Since it is the Strip location, it is much pricier.  Pizzas are a few bucks more and for each topping added, it is $1.50.  Oh well.  Tried two salad here: Caesar and the Gorgonzola.  Definitely go for the Gorgonzola if a salad is a must.  The candied walnuts did it for me.  The Caesar was just way too bland.  But really, just get more pizza instead of salad.  Burrata options on the menu.  Will definitely try that some other time.  They also have some craft beers on draft, and at the time, Goose Island!  Overall, I dig the simple decor.  Pizza's tasty, salads can be ignored.  Funny how I had to go to Vegas to try 800 Degrees haha.
5 Really yummy pizza.  My wife said that it was the best pizza she ever had.  Enough said!
5 I did have a few problems, but nothing had to do with flavor of food. Affordable Caesar salad, the best meatballs and a nice pie made my day. The add ons for the pizza were 1.50, a bit much. Music was perfect for me, but the beer price was a little high as well.   I do recommend for all on strip to visit. Great sauce. Get the Meatballs for $7.
5 This place is awesome! I was definitely needing pizza on my vacation. 800 Degrees is in a great location and has great prices (compared to all the other locations on the strip)! We were 2 girls that split the Carni Pizza and the Truffle Cheese Bread - this was plenty of food for us - and it was delicious!  The Truffle Cheese Bread is served like a calzone that just oozes delicious cheese. The Carni Pizza was awesome - perfect amount of cheese and meat. (Which to me is a little extra of each)  I wish I lived in Vegas or LA to frequent this amazing Pizzeria!
5 Worth it! Don't you get tired of spending a boatload of cash while you're on the Strip, on mediocre food served by apathetic employees? This place is terrific. The prices are quite reasonable and the pizza is delicious. You can customize them, but don't load thin crust pizza up with too many ingredients. Best of all, the staff is friendly, efficient, and quick to clean the dining room. Go! You won't be sorry.
4 First timer at this pizzeria and I enjoyed it! Food was quick and delicious and although no one really helped me with how things work as far as ordering goes at the place but  when I did ask a lot of questions the staff members were all attentive. I got myself a Magherita Pizza and added half with anchoives and the other half with roasted garlic and prosciutto and topped it with arugula all over. They were quick with baking the pie and the portion size was very generous. No doubt that I will go back to grub again.
3 Wow, I did not know you could eat an amazing meal on the strip for under $15.  My brother recommended we eat here after he tried it, we ordered a tropicali and split it ( this was enough food for two grown men to have lunch). With 2 sodas and the "specialty" pizza it was $20. But you can get say a cheese or margarita pizza and hack about 7-10 bucks off that price. Touché!  The pizza was good, the cook time was more impressive. But, why I gave it three stars ( I am almost giving one because this is wrong) the guy that cuts the calzones and the pizza blows on them with his mouth to get the excess crumbs off. I'm sorry but please do not blow on my food dude. And the service was not the best. The employees walked about unhappy like they were forced to be there. The young guy that cleaned off our table was pretty friendly though, he was concerned with how the food, and service were. Kudos to him. I will return and maybe update the review. Pizza gets a 5. Service gets a 2. Environment 3, food safety 2. Total of 3 out of 5.
4 Pizza Cat learned three very important lessons this weekend:   1. Never, ever bet against the LA Kings. Evah!  2. How to eat a Neapolitan pizza.  3. Burrrrrata! Meowzers! Where has this been all my life!   Pizza Cat finally got over to 800 Degrees after much self-doubt. She had Neapolitan pizza before and (in her best grumpy face) HATED IT. But the Kings were playing in the Finals and it was a beautiful sunny day... what's a cat to do? She needs PIZZA!   Pizza Cat thinks she found the secret to enjoying Neapolitan pizza. KISS. No, not a kiss from Giuseppe, although that would be ideal, KISS as in Keep It Simple Stupid. Neapolitan pizza is so different from its American cousin, so when people try to treat it like its American pizza, the dough becomes yucky, undercooked and the topping flop all over the place.   The solution is to treat Neapolitans simply, Pizza Cat got a basic marinara sans the fresh oregano and added bufala cheese for an extra $6. It's a very, very basic pizza that will cost around $13. It doesn't taste like American pizza at all. It tastes like naan bread with crushed tomatoes and excellent slabs of cheese. It's ok, Pizza Cat didn't hate it. Now she can tell her food snob, errr... food epicurean friends that she can eat Neapolitan pizza!   But the pizza was not the star of the place. Nope. Pizza Cat just about purred over the burr, as in burrata cheese. Burrata is a cheese thats in-between mozzarella and fresh cream. It melts in your mouth  and it's silky smooth at the same time. It comes with prosciutto, melon balls and arugula. It's the perfect combination of cheese, salty, meaty, sweet and bitter. This is Pizza Cat's favorite bite of 2014 (for now)!   She liked the meatball too but they reheat them in their 800 degree oven, needless to say, parts of the meatball were cold while others were hot. No bueno but the taste was good.   **All in all, this is a cool, trendy new place located in front of the Monte Carlo. Food leans towards healthy and $30 will get one a good hearty Italian meal.**
5 The place is awesome! It's like a cafeteria line but service is fast. Pizza is great and prices are very good. A go again eatery!
5 Who knew you could get a delicious meal on the strip for such a great price.   Not tucked far back in a casino, but litterally steps from the Strip.   You order and then seat yourself, but you get real dishes and silverware (classy).  The food comes out fast, and tastes good (almost the best pizza that I have had from these gourmet pizza places popping up everywhere).  What's not to like?  Once word gets out, perhaps there will not be enough seating?
1 The single worst pizza I've ever had in my life!  (See photos).  It was impossible to eat, and I can't believe a restaurant would serve what they did.  Seriously, when this place is closed soon, I will not be surprised.  The first warning sign:  There were only 4 customers in the entire restaurant when we walked in.  There were 11 people behind the counter working.  It was weird... they were all kind of just standing around, and a few of them were just watching others work.  Restaurants that aren't busy (and are empty) are usually like that for a reason.  We soon learned why.  The pizza I ordered was a pepperoni, olive & pineapple.  The woman making it was nice, but I have to admit the pizza didn't even look all that great when it was being made.  She used very few ingredients, it seemed.  For roughly $15 for a personal size pizza, it seemed average at best while it was being made.  I got to the cash register to pay, and a new cashier was being trained that day.  It took quite a bit longer than I expected.  As I looked around, I'm thinking now that maybe even the cooks and prep people were being trained as well.  There were what appeared to be a few managers just standing around watching them like a hawk.  It was odd.  Three months into a new restaurant, I would've expected things to be running smoother.  The pizza arrived.  The edges were black on the crust and I like them that way.  However, a closer glance revealed that the entire interior of the pizza was either undercooked or uncooked.  Picking up the first slice, it was clear that the thing was a complete mess.  The entire pizza toppings slid off, including cheese and everything.  I was left holding a wet piece of literally uncooked dough with some tomato sauce.  It was a rubbery mess and the entire middle of the pizza was drowned in wetness and was more of a soup than a pizza!  The whole thing was gooey, wet and runny.  The crust was so thin and undone that it was a drooping disaster.  Each slice was like that:  watery, dripping, and unable to even stand up like a normal pizza slice.    It was inedible.  Before I left, I scooped some of the soup-like toppings on a fork, and it didn't even taste good.  The crust had no flavor at all.  I will never be back, and would implore anyone reading this to think twice about ever stepping foot in this place.  There's a reason it ended up on one of the lower-end Vegas properties like Monte Carlo rather than someplace like the Cosmopolitan, Aria or Caesar's Palace.  Eat at this place at your own peril.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.
5 This place was awesome!! Their gluten free pizza crust was the best I've had since finding out I'm Celiac. They were very accommodating and took time to explain how the ordering process worked. The salads were made fresh and were top quality and ridiculously good! My husband and I ordered the tartufo (gluten free) pizza and I literally have not been able to stop thinking about it! I even pondered whether we had enough time to run down to grab a pizza to go to the airport! Great, not-too-expensive but insanely delicious place on the strip!
4 Loved the Pizza , Saturday night very quiet, the staff just stand around talking to each other. The management need to fix the staff or they are going to kill a good place
1 First off, it's a warning sign if a restaurant is located on the strip and is EMPTY. Also, the employees are incredibly slow and put the wrong ingredients on pizzas, I had the guy behind the counter asking ME what went on the pizza...um you work there, you should know - not me (I think he hit the bong too much before he came to work that day.)  I ordered the margherita pizza and of course, it had nothing on it that it was supposed to, and was just strange.  When I went to pick up the slice, everything literally slimed off the pizza and left a gunky, mushy pizza dough behind.  I only managed to choke down one piece before I sent it back.  The manager came over and said "well, Italian pizzas are like that.  Soft." I replied that the pizza wasn't soft, it was soggy and tasted terrible.  She offered to re-cook the pizza, which I declined and told her that it wouldn't make it taste better as the ingredients were wrong, she never made a comment about the wrong ingredients which kind of bothered me but I didn't get into it with her.  She seemed miserable to begin with.   After that, she offered me a refund which I took, and that was that. There are SO many places to eat in Vegas, exclude this one off your list.  The employees lacked the excellent customer service I've received in so many other eateries in Vegas and I have no idea how this place gets so many reviews!  When the Sbarro in the food court tastes more gourmet than your pizza, I think it is time to re-invent your restaurant.
5 Yummy taste and fresh ingredients! You can watch them roll out the dough and make it in their wood fire oven. Great prices for what you get!  They also have an options of beer and wine. If you want something sweet they have gelato...which I would love to try next time. Good option for those close to the Monte Carlo!
4 Solid solid idea. Make your own pizza!   So they do have a list of pizzas if you're super indecisive or not sure what you want, ranging from about $11 - $15.   If you make your own pizza you choose your sauce - Marinara, Bianca (white pizza), Pesto, or Margherita  Then you can choose as many proteins, cheese, vegetables as you like! All toppings are $1.50 except for special ones like truffle oil, shrimp those are $3  , and $6 for buffalo cheese.   I went back there twice during my stay in Vegas , very yummy and fast and honestly prices aren't terrible considering you're in Vegas.   The employees are also really friendly, help you decide, give you suggestions. My bf couldn't decide day 1, so the guy gave him really good tips on choosing a pizza, also.. chile sauce is FREE topping ;)    My pizza was bianca with truffled cheese and prosciutto. The second time I got a pesto pizza with mushrooms, garlic, chicken and feta!
1 The only reason this place is worthy of one star is because they refunded our money. This pizza place is designed like a subway where you go down the line and chose your toppings. My boyfriend was first and the girl making his pizza was obviously new because she was going very slow, which was fine. So he made sure to patiently say exactly how he wanted his pizza and she was nice about accommodating. She just finished putting together his pizza when another employee took his pizza and said that he needed to give that pizza to another customer because theirs got ruined in the oven. My boyfriend specifically said no because she spent a long time making that pizza the way he wanted. They didn't care and still gave it to the other customer. We were very annoyed to say the least. After finally getting our pizza I lifted one piece and everything fell off, it wouldn't even stay up. I took a bite and it literally tasted like dough. It was slimy and not cooked all the way. I was extremely disappointed, but then it got worse. I noticed a large black hair cooked in my pizza! I almost vomited it was disgusting.  At that point I was completely grossed out and asked for my money back which they kindly did. Do not waste your money at this place. Go to 550 in Aria, a billion times better!
2 So my friend and I tried this place having noticed the high reviews and this place is so highly rated also in Los Angeles. I was not impressed...  This a make your own pizza place. You can start out with certain pizzas - no sauce, red sauce, red sauce no cheese, or pesto. The basic pies are between $7-8, which is not bad... but when toppings are $1.50 each and special toppings $3 each, it can add up really fast! I ordered a red sauce pizza with 2 toppings and my pizza was already $11 for an individual pie.  You can also order their specialty pies that come with predetermined toppings for average of $14.  ... I tried many other pizza places that are WAY cheaper! For example, places like Pieology and Project Pie are much cheaper with just one price and unlimited toppings. I have not tried Project Pie (there is one inside MGM for $12 a pizza), but I love Pielogy as it's only $8 for a pizza with unlimited toppings. Frankly, I think Pielogy tastes better for much less.   I'm guessing the prices are higher because 800 Degrees is a "higher" end pizza place... but the pizza was not all that tasty to me. The dough was good, but it was soggy in the middle of the pizza! I think pizza crust should be crispy!   The location in Los Angeles has cheaper prices than this location in Vegas. I don't mind paying $11 for a pizza, but I do want it to taste good. Now that I've tried it, I don't have to wonder anymore as it is not good enough to make me want to come back. Next time I'll try the Project Pie inside MGM. I always see more people there anyways.
4 It's been a little over a week since I moved to Vegas from LA. One of the things I thought I would miss the most was the 800 Degrees in Westwood. So, I was ecstatic when I found out that there was an 800 Degrees franchise on the Strip!  The Monte Carlo did a nice job of renovating their facade with some of these new restaurants. The pizza here is relatively the same as the one in LA. The main difference is the slightly higher cost for toppings and soda. Each additional topping was $1.50 instead of $1 and the soda was $1 more as well. Other than that, the margherita pizza was fantastic as usual. The manager even walked around to check on all of his customers.   Cheap, good pizza is truly hard to beat.
1 I wasn't impressed , just keep on walking to New York New York, and get a better pizza. It was a waste of time, I wish I can have that back.
5 AMAZING PIZZA!!!!! Love this place!!!!!!  I LOVE the 800 Degrees in LA, so I was super excited to find this restaurant on the strip!  All the pizza options are awesome....I especially loved the verde one, cause I'm a sucker for green sauce.   The toppings are yummy and fresh.....love the capers and kalamata olives. If you like spicy pizza, DEFINITELY get the chili sauce topping! It's to die for!  I even bought a bottle of the chili sauce on my 3rd visit here.   EXTRA plus......it's walking distance from Aria.....so you can get great drinks and then head to 800 Degrees for a satisfying dinner :)
1 If you want to see a unique pizza place, this is it.  If you want good pizza, go someplace else!
1 So being from LA we have the same version of make your own pizza .. aka pieology. Anyways going in i was impressed with the selections that you have to add to your pizza. What i wasn't impressed with is the $1.50 for every additional topping.Your $8 pizza can turn into 15 quick.... Anyways from being okay pizza the service sucks !!! So you must order at least 3 times with three different people before you can pay and hope by the third time they don't mess up your order which they did. I have never experienced someone go to your table and take your food from you to give you a smaller portion. All i have to say is i feel bad for the person that had to touch the salad after me. The worse part is the guy argued with me about what i ordered. Keep moving on people there are plenty of other restaurants that are over priced that you probably will enjoy.
5 This is how Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be. Great choice of toppings. Reasonable prices especially for Vegas. The burrata is awesome too.
4 Before you dine make sure you understand exactly what "Neapolitan" pizza is & make sure you like it. Neapolitan style pizza is also referred to as "wet" pizza it's truly authentic to Italian style pizza and is not what Americans are used to.   The pizza will need to be folded or the toppings will slide off . For being on the LV strip the price is honestly rather cheap . Being a local I understand strip pricing is typically hiked up 20-25% for you fabulous tourists ....  I'm ok with the pie here, my complaint is the salad. I ordered the Pear Gorgonzola salad & the dressing was so intense! It's like somebody dumped a straight bottle of vinegar on my salad. My friend could smell the vinegar from across the table . Stay away this salad dressing literally singed my taste buds it was so intense.   - The Ambiance is great!  - The pizza is good IF you like Neapolitan style.  - Price is affordable for being on the strip.  -Caesar salad is yummy - Gorgonzola salad is not recommended  -  * Cheese lovers order the Burrata with pesto is delish!  Overall I definitely recommend!!! :)
3 On my second visit to 800 degrees I was not as impressed with the food. However, the service was still friendly and helpful.  This time I chose the blt pizza and the Caesar salad. I watched the guy make the pizza and observed him putting olive oil, garlic, and Parmesan on the bottom of the pizza. I asked him if he was going to put any salt and he said no we put some on top.   After having my first slice of pizza I could tell that it was under seasoned and I did not taste any salt on the top of the pizza. The Caesar salad came with big pieces of uncut lettuce and stale croutons. I did not like the Caesar dressing either because the anchovy flavor was too bold.   I ended up having a few slices of pizza and left the salad on the table for my friend to pick at. I will be back but next time I will make my own pizza.
5 Ok this review might be a bit biased since I was kind of hammered but I had others in my party sober so my review does hold water.   Ok I was craving pizza and since vegas does stay open later than in SoCal I was happy. First pizza I got was a the classic Margherita pizza which was the cheapest at 7 and change. got a beer for less than 16 bucks. It was a great pizza thin crust nice and a bit charred on the edges. Since I was drunk and my party took my pizza i decided to go with the verdi pizza which is pesto and cheese. That was even better than the first one.   The service is awesome nice people chatting away and the service is quick. My pizza was cooked not raw like some of these reviews. Guess what the pizza will be charged since they are using charcoal ovens. overall great place if your are hungry and need a break from the strip.
5 These design-your-own pizza places are popping up everywhere. Even with all the options available, 800 Degrees stands head and shoulders above any other place I've visited.  This location is really nice, with high ceilings and clean decor, but the most beautiful feature of the restaurant is all of the pizza toppings! A twenty-foot-long buffet of them, I think...perfect cubes of butternut squash, fresh mozzarella, bunches of thyme, sweet roasted garlic, slices of eggplant, a variety of different hot peppers, caramelized onions, artichoke hearts, rosemary oil, on and on.   You can choose from the list of pre-designed pizzas on the wall, or customize your own. Plus, there non-pizza options as well--salads, and burrata with your choice of accompaniments (beets and balsamic, prosciutto and melon, etc.), meatballs, broccolini.  The pizzas are perfect, though, with crisp edges and soft middles. If you like spicy, request some of their chili pepper nonsense on the side. Spicy and incredibly flavorful, almost a buffalo sauce type of thing going on. Perfect for dipping bites of crust. I love the Tartufo, with truffle cheese, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and arugula.  This is pizza to enjoy when you're on your game, not the stuff you get to soak up the excess amounts of alcohol sloshing around in your stomach.
5 Great pizza at a great price. 800 degrees was one of only a couple truly spontaneous dining experiences my wife and I had during our visit to Vegas. Our pizzas were very cheap when compared to pretty much everything we ate on the strip. It was great pizza with a thin crust, very fresh sauce and toppings, and a fair bit of char on the crust.
4 My wife and kids ate here three or four times during our recent trip to Vegas.  Nice clean restaurant, good pizza.
