5 A neighborhood, hand-crafted, independent cafe. High quality, healthy menu. Fiercely motivated and fiercely motivational! Moderate price.  This is a great place for breakfast or lunch or late night (advertising 6am-midnight hours). Great for kids, with a ton of healthy, kid-friendly selections like fresh squeezed Orange Juice. Tip; you can watch them squeeze the juice right in front of you if you sit at the bar.  Outdoor seating means dog-friendly.  A wide selection of lunch-y, snack-y stuff like soup and sandwich/soup and salad combos make this a great place to meet and greet. Situated on the border of Spring Valley neighborhood and Westside neighborhood at the corner of Desert Inn and Rainbow on the NORTHWEST side of the intersection, this venue is minutes from the strip. Driving from Las Vegas Boulevard, take Sahara west (up) to Rainbow,  turn left (south) on Rainbow. The cafe is on your right with private, off-street parking.  The coffee drinks are just too numerous to describe in one review, but everything you can imagine is on the menu.
5 Excellent food, service, and ambiance.  Everything was super fresh and flavorful. The soups are to die for with Eastern European flavors Spoke to the owner Renata, very sweet and accommodating and passionate about her new cafe.  Big plus, outside dog friendly patio!    Highly recommended! Todd and Sandra
5 Impressed!  My panini and soup were scrumptious.  I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu.  Nice decor.  I hope this place does well.  I think its a winner!
5 Heard of this place by my business partner who heard about it through word of mouth as well. Went to try it out and I love the interior design, feels very comfortable and the outside patio is spacious. Loved their hospitality and the quality of their product. My Coffee was perfect and I can honestly say it was probably one of the best Caprese Panini I have ever had!   This is definitely as good as it gets! Actually writing about it makes me want to go back right now. I highly recommend this place for your next cup of coffee, breakfast or lunch.
5 Since I live in the area I have seen this place a million times and yet never dropped in until now. Noticed the owner had changed something told me to stop in. I am  so glad I listened my gut. The atmosphere is charming, the menu enticing and the service just perfect.  I had requested a apple tarte for dessert when a voice from behind the counter suggested I have the" garash" instead. I was pleasantly surprised to hear the recommendartion. The presentation was appealing and the dessert decadent! I was even offered a sample of their oh so delishious Bisquit Cake, which is worth a trip The Strip View Cafe in itself! I recommended this restaurant to every one I spoke to today! Wishing them much success
2 I came here with a friend to pick up food to go for the 1st time. We spent some time looking at the menu and ordered 2 sandwiches each. 40 minutes later, I got only 1 sandwich. I told them I ordered 2, so she went back and put my 2nd sandwich in the bag. My friend's order came 10 minutes later and she only got 1 sandwich too. We were finally fed up and asked them where her 2nd sandwich was. They said they made it already but didn't know where it was. They told her to check "your friend's bag" and low and behold, 1 of her sandwiches was in MY bag. I asked them where my 2nd sandwich was and they told me it wasn't even on the ticket and that I didn't even pay for it. I was so hungry and tired of waiting I said forget it, I didn't even want to wait for the 2nd sandwich. They kept apologizing and saying they must've been busy, but there was no one else there but us. I believe the lady that walked in right before was the owner and she offered a free pastry and I couldn't even accept it. Despite waiting an hour for our to-go food, food quality is good.
5 Great place! I just discovered this beautiful cafe this morning. I had a very delicious latte and their deserts looked yummy! It's a nice place for hanging out with your friends or having a business meeting. Very good service and ambience.
2 I hate bashing small mom and pop places but this place isn't good at all. Had the panini which was extremely dry had another dish and was dry as well. I also had the chicken pot pie which was salty and the worst part had a piece of hair in it. That really killed my appetite. Threw in the towel and asked for the check and left very disappointed!! Won't be back that's for sure.
5 Don't let this place be a "best kept secret" if great diners in Las Vegas. Great panini's, soup, and desert.
5 Wow...just wow! I often give 5 star reviews, but you have GOT to try this place!!! The food, everything is from scratch, is some of the best I have had in town!! I had the B.A.L.T. Panini and it was fantastic. I didnt think it was dry like another reviewer did, but the only knock I would be able to give is the avocado was too green. My wife had the Senjanka salad and though it was rich she thought it was very good.   Last thing...if you don't try their dessert I will punch you through your iPhone...in your face!
5 Very happy with service and food  Came to a birthday party for a friend and we had a great time
3 Ok.  I hate giving this review.  In fact, I've debated back and forth for days about posting it.  I love yelp though and it's my main tool for finding new places to try out, so I have to keep it real.  This location is super close to work so I was excited when the business opened about 3 weeks ago.  I tried it this week for lunch with mixed feedback.  I will give the cafe a second chance, because the food was decent.  The dining experience is what throw the overall experience off.  We sat outside on a nice patio, but if you aren't a smoker beware...it's gross eating next to a table, or 3 full of smokers.    Let me say that the young waitress was FANTASTIC!  She was super nice and energetic!  The problem was is she was the only wait person for the whole place during service.  I could not believe it.  I'm not sure how any business person could support not hiring more wait staff.  The poor waitress was running around too much.  She made errors, not because she was not dedicated, but because she was overwhelmed.  I give her credit though...she was so positive and smiled the whole time.  So back to the food.  We had the BALT panini with potato soup and a turkey panini.  I had the peach smoothie as well.  I had asked for white bread instead of the ciabatta bread, which came out wrong from the kitchen.  We had to go back inside about the bread and got to witness the owner being short with the cook about the mistake.  She actually asked us if we told the waitress we wanted a different bread...ah yeah we did and she even read it back to us on her iPhone.  The smoothie was very thick and sorta bland.  I wouldn't recommend it.  The potato soup had a very herby taste to it.  It was good, but not what I expected.  It was more brothy, than creamy.  The BALT had 2 small pieces of bacon and a sliver of avocado.  I felt like for the price it should have been more.  The food was decent, not exceptional.  I would return because of its convenient location.  I hope as they get busier, the owner sees the value in additional wait staff.  I would worry about losing the one that's there.  And know...I don't know her, just felt bad for how hard she was working, but not able to keep up with the service needs.
5 I came for the first time to attend a birthday party. I met the owner who was so gracious and very personable. I had the Tuna Melt with a salad. The bread was simply fabulous (I wasn't planning on eating all of the bread but I couldn't stop until it was all gone. I loved the tuna and I am very picky about my tuna too! Everything is from scratch. The ambiance is great with outside seating that is very comfortable. Easy access, easy to find and parking is good. The service was very good. The prices were reasonable and the portions good sized.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
3 Not sure where to start.   Pros: cute decor, outside seating, strip view.  Amazing, positive, young waitress. She held her own.   Cons: only one waitress. Literally. All day, rush hour and all. This is not effective nor efficient. Long waits due to being overwhelmed with other demands. I don't like having to get up and ask for things or get them myself. The owner and cook were arguing in view of customers inside over our incorrect meal. Not cool. The panini was ok, bread was a little greasy or buttery I guess. We didn't get but a tiny tiny piece of avacado on our bacon, AVACADO, lettuce and tomato panini...which was a little pricy considering.    Not sure I will return...much better cafés elsewhere. I hope they make a little profit and get some help going on there...it's affecting their business.
5 Great place.  Great food. And really good espresso.   I've been here when it was "Natalie" coffee shop, and it was not so good before. The place reopened 2 weeks ago - beginning of April 2014. It has been totally remodeled and under new ownership. The lady that owns the palce took the time to make it very nice. She gave it a new name "The Strip View Cafe" and it really has a view of the strip.   The decor is now great - it has nice wood and glass tables, comfortable chairs, stone tile decoration, good working AC, fans and fancy lamps, nice bathroom, free wi fi, etc.   The menu contains coffee choices, salads, sandwiches and soups at the moment and they are also offering breakfast.  Great start, I will be back again!
5 Great food and ambiance. Prices are better than Starbucks and way more high end. You feel that you are at European place..
5 Much care was put into the décor and style inside this cafe: mason jar lights over the tables, unique artwork, chalkboard menu, fancy flooring, and a variety of seating options and textiles make this place remind me of Pottery Barn. Very nice looking place- pleasant surprise! And this nice-looking place has AMAZING food. The owners are Bulgarian and have tons of tasty European dishes on the menu that you might not initially expect. And lots of healthy options, too!  BF and I went light on ordering; got an iced coffee, the proscuitto parma panini with cold cucumber soup, and a cucumber-dill salad "to start with", and ended up with a table full of food. Portions are large, and ingredients are high quality: the cucumber salad was my favorite, a pretty presentation with tons of feta! Panini was so large that I could not finish my HALF, and the cucumber soup reminded me of the salad at Jones Market that I buy nearly every week. Everything is fresh and delicious.  Service was great: friendly server checked on us frequently, made small talk, and went around regularly to several groups chatting over coffee to see if they needed anything else. I really liked how they offer walk-up service for quick or take out orders as well as dine-in wait service.   Finished up with a tiramisu- server was sweet and served it with a heart made out of chocolate syrup, noticing that we were on a date. Little touches like that make this place so much more than just a quick stop for a bite to eat. Very chill space for lingering over your meal or coffee, highly recommend the salads! Will be coming here regularly now that I know about this place.  Make sure to check out the art on the right-hand wall of the dining room: the framed piece featuring a bunch of cash has a sign on it in Russian that translates to, "My territory, my rules!"
5 Amazing new cafe with excellent service and exceptional food. The menu has something for everyone.  Perfect location at Rainbow and Desert Inn. Ask for Iris and Erica.  They'll take great care of you.
1 Hey I hate doing this comment but it's just awful I worked there for one day and it was just disgusting they have nothing labeled they don't use gloves and that's how they mix your salad with there dirty hands and nails. it's nasty and they wash their dishes in dirty water instead of throwing the left over food on the plate to the trash they leave it and just put it on the water of the sink this place and the owner are not professional they charge you for everything if an employee get a complain she charges you $20 if your late 3times theirs a fee for that she charges you for uniforms and she pays under the table is just not right she can get sued for that she's very degrading she says she doesn't care as long as she makes money
5 This was my first time trying this restaurant and I would definitely eat here again! My co-workers and I had a tuna melt (which was huge), strawberry fields salad, and a chicken Caesar salad. No complaints from anyone. The ingredients were fresh and they didn't take very long to deliver. I can't wait to try more items from the menu especially the smoothies!
