3 New, but not new. We were here before, but it was a different place.  Still Indian food, but apparently under new management.   Upon entering the first thing that was obvious was they were very busy and most of their customers were Indian.  That's a good sign.  As with the previous place, the buffet still is very small.  There were perhaps 6 vegetarian items, and 6 "regular" items.  Except that included the desserts.  They didn't even ask if I wanted a menu, they just said to go to the buffet.  I get the feeling they don't like people ordering off the menu.  The food itself was good.  The goat curry you wouldn't know it was goat if it wasn't labeled.  It could easily have been beef (but wasn't, for religious reasons, I suspect).  The tikka was good also, and they had a rice dish  that was very tasty.  I think it was labeled as a mushroom rice, although I didn't notice any mushrooms.  But it was very nice.  They also had biryani, and it was good too.  All in all, the food was good.  They are a bit pricey.  Just under $10 for the buffet (weekday lunch).  And if I wanted a Coke it would have been extra (though they did have the real-sugar Coke).  When we were done paying the check was very inefficient.  They don't bring it to the table, you go to the register and tell them how many buffets, and then (eventually) get your credit card and run it.  I'm not sure what was going on, but the group in front of me had a conversation with the register person (owner??) that I couldn't understand, and it took a long time before he finally asked me how many buffets I needed to pay for.  As I said, the food is pretty good.  But for the price there are better Indian places.  Because of the YELP scale I have to rate one "$" (under $10), but it was just barely under $10.  It seemed pricey to me for a simple lunch buffet.
5 So driving down Elliott I saw this  place  and decided to stop.  We sat down, and the guy was so nice and attentive. We shared the chicken tikka masala. It was sooooo delicious! The service was incredible, and wasn't to pricey. The spices were perfect, not too spicy. I will definitely be back to try their buffet!
5 Have to say this is the best Indian food we have had in Arizona. Service was incredible with a waiter who shared information on different dishes and their ingredients as well as a history of the foods. It is rare that you can eat out and have better food than home cooked! Prices were good considering the excellent quality of ingredients. So worth the visit....ask for James, he is amazing.
5 I'm so happy to have found Aachi! We have been so impressed not only with the quality of food we've had but also the service and company from all the people that work there. James is so nice and so knowledgeable about the food. I've also tried the buffet and is fantastic!!!!!! Great variety, price and the flavors. All dishes are incredible and vegetarian friendly! We will definitely make Aachi our number one stop for South Indian food. We really enjoy eating there and we always feel very appreciated!
3 = = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  Hey Hey, it's a new Buffet!     :-)  Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C., & Jackie C.  THE GOOD:  *  This place features a comfortable north facing dining room with your choice of booth or table seating.  *  There were 27 food items all together (counting salad ingredients separately but not dressings and garnishes), plus hot Indian Tea.  This is a good selection for an Indian Lunch Buffet.  *  We were brought Dosas, which are a treat often reserved for dinner & weekends at Indian restaurants.  *  The staff was very friendly and appreciative.     :-)  YES, THERE WERE A FEW ISSUES:  *  They open at 11 AM but weren't ready to go for a few minutes more.  The staff seemed disorganized for them having been open at least 11 days now.  (I've dined at more than one much bigger Buffet where I was their first customer ever and everything was perfect...  China City in Avondale on 11/24/10 for example, with a 125 item presentation and not a flaw to be found with the place!  The same was true of LIn's on Baseline and China Olive in Sun City.)  *  Much of the hot food here was out at near room temperature!  This is not ok!  Even 40 minutes later the two soups, for example, were barely warm.     :-(  * Speaking of soups, there should have been small Melmac or china bowls for the soupy dishes, not styrofoam cups!  China mugs for the tea would be more appropriate than styrofoam cups, too.     :-|  The flavors of the foods were good, and the selection balanced.  They just need to run a tighter ship, so for now it's 3 Stars and Best Wishes for Aachi Southindian Kitchen.     :-)  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.99
4 Tried this place today just on a whim passing by.  I'm not that much of an Indian food fan but thought I'd try something different.  And, I was quite impressed.  I won't necessarily go back here on every visit to Phoenix, but will go back again at sometime.  My only gripe...they cut the chicken into chunks after cooking.  This makes it difficult to eat without getting chunks of bone in your mouth and having to spit out.  Perhaps this is the traditional way though...  It was at least tasty!
4 Been wanting to try this place since it showed up on my yelp! Finally stopped in last nite...so delicious I woke up craving it! The service was also spot on..they were very attentive and the price extremely reasonable. Will for sure be back to try more vegetarian dishes!
5 If you need a high dose of spicy food then Aachi is the spot! Food is tasty to the last drop including the masala-induced coconut chutney and the onion thoku (a kind of chutney).  Ordered the Gobi manchurian at level 6 - not so spicy but the cauliflower was nice and crunchy. The chili paneer at level 7 was spicy and the sauciness gave it the delicious taste.  Next ordered the Mysore masala dosa with extra spicy chutney giving the deep dark red color. The sambar accompanied by chutneys and the masala dosa was a perfect combo to a perfect South Indian experience.   Lastly finished the day with some Madras coffee -- though doesn't come in a steel tumbler -- the taste is impeccable and a great way to finish the meal.  Ambience is good and crowd grew stronger at about 8pm. Definitely a must go place and something I hope I come back to again!  Can't wait for my Aachi experience -- Round 2!
4 The food is fantastic! I have beem to the lunch buffet many times and love it. I just went for dinner for the first time. The food was woderful as usual and the service is prompt and freindly. However, they were very frugal with the yogurt sauce and mint chutney. Because they do not offer a dinner thali and it's a bit pricey for what you get, I am less apt to return for dinner. It would be ideal if they had a dinner buffet. I will of course continue to visit the lunch buffet. Great food!
5 Food option in lunch buffet was awesome. Chicken suka masala with dosa and idli combination is super..
4 Various delicious dishes for the buffet .. I go to indian buffets often and I have to say Aachi has more choices and better dishes than most
4 Don't complain! The flavors here are bright, vibrant and yes spicy. Like many new Indian places they start out with great flavor, people complain and after a year or two they start serving the same mild mush as everywhere else. So please if you love good flavors and spice go here, otherwise find somewhere else.  This place as the name suggest has south Indian food, Which for me means Dosa's and a few new to me menu items.  We had a Dosa filled with a spicy gobi (cauliflower), it was delicious and yes spicy. My one gripe is that for the soup and chutneys they just filled up some small bowls from the buffet line that was set out for lunch.  We also had an eggplant  curry dish that had a "tangy tamarind and peanut sauce" It was good but I could not taste the peanut.  As for the ambiance it is decent, not much different from the last Indian place that was here. Tables Booths cloth napkins and ~ $10+- per dish for dinner and lunch is the obligatory buffet.
