5 Today was the first full opening of Paquime.  I have to say the overall feel f the place is great and the people are very friendly.  As soon as my husband and I entered they greeted us and offered samples of their soup of the day.  So much flavor!!   Even though I didn't get to try the baked goods they looked delicious.  The neighborhood of Sunnyslope has seen its fair share of Mexican cuisine and up until now its been boring traditional flavors with no depth.  Paquime, in my opinion has breathed life and flavor into the neighborhood with their delicious food.
5 I have to say the overall feel f the place is great and the people are very friendly.  As soon as my husband and I entered they greeted us and offered samples of their soup of the day.  So much flavor!!   Even though I didn't get to try the baked goods they looked delicious.  The neighborhood of Sunnyslope has seen its fair share of Mexican cuisine and up until now its been boring traditional flavors with no depth.  Paquime, in my opinion has breathed life and flavor into the neighborhood with their delicious food.
4 Burrotote was delicious  Ribeye tacos were amazing  Volteados tacos were one of the best things I've ever eaten
4 After talking with the owner I have decided to update my review.  I did get my order replaced and was very happy with the food.  The owner made an exceptional customer recovery and was very understanding and helpful.  He did offer me the apology that I thought was due and I am now a happy customer.  Thank you Paquime for making it right.    Staff is not well informed in their own products not vegetarian friendly.  I went today for lunch and the place was really packed which at first I thought was great because it meant the food should be delicious the inside tables were all full so I did my order to go.  After ordering the Vegetarian Paquime torta I waited 25 minutes for my order to be ready.  Once I got to my work I noticed that my torta had meat.  I wanted to call the store but the receipt did not have the phone number listed.  The rest of my break was spent calling the store.  When I explained this ordeal to the employee she laughed, just plained laughed.  After a few minutes the manager, Bania, got the phone, she told me that they did not have a vegetarian torta since the Paquime comes with pork. I told her that their menu  reflected otherwise, since it listed the torta as a vegetarian option and that is the way I ordered it  after asking the cashier what came with it (which the girl that took my order did not know) and I did not think it was funny that her employee laughed.   Bania, then said well what is the problem with your order then?  I explained to her that I just wanted to inform them about the mistake that was made but that I did not appreciate that her employee laughed and that noone apologized and by now my whole lunch was over and I did not have anything to eat.  The situation was not handled profesionally, and yes I know I could have just taken the meat out, ate the darn thing and everyone is happy, but I wanted to inform them about the mistake so it could be avoided in future.   This place did not impress me and will more likely stop me from going again.
5 We tried this little place on Sunday and it was off the hook...fabulous. Ribeye street tacos and a carne asada torta. They brought around samples of their lentil soup while we were waiting for our food and little samples of their fresh fruit popsicles at the end of our meal. Both of them were delicious.  Great addition to this part of the neighborhood at Central and Dunlap. We will be back to this place often to try other menu items and also their sweet corn.
5 We are so thrilled to have such a clean modern spot for delicious Mexican food in sunneyslope! Everything was so fresh and plated very nicely. Friendly clean staff. We will be back many times. So much to try at a good price!
3 Curious to try this place as I saw them working on it for weeks.  Walked up on a Saturday morning around 11... greeted by the sound of... is that Bret Michaels singing "every rose has it's thorn?" on the loudspeakers.  Took away from the "street food cred" immediately for me.  Walking in you see a nice display of baked sweets in a glass display case.   Mine was a little dry but nice.  Service was extremely prompt and friendly throughout the experience, if even a little over eager?  As I waited for my meal, I looked at the black and white pictures of old school Mexican street eats, and Bret Michaels turned into Journey, then REO Speedwagon, only to be topped by Peter Cetera and Cindy Lauper.  Not sure what Mexican street these guys played on.  My lunch came on house baked bread which was very nice, potato chips were homemade and excellent.  Salsa bar has limes and cool cucumbers which contrasted nicely with the appropriate heat in my Torta Huevo con Chorizo.  I sat at 2 tables and all chairs, most tables and corners of floors were covered in crumbs.  I was the only one in the restaurant.  The first table was cleaned off quickly for me.  I am mixed on this place.  The ambiance was disappointing but the food was very good.  I guess... wait for it... every rose has its thorn?  Barump.
5 What a great find!! First off, the decor is really cool and modern. The staff was incredibly friendly and enthusiastic about the menu. And the food is fantastic. I had the Barbacoa tacos (4 of them). The meat was tender, and they came with a huge scoop of really good guac, a house-made potato chip and a grilled onion and jalapeño. Nice touches. The cucumber lemonade alone is worth a return trip. All in all a great little spot and I can't wait to return.
5 This place is going to be one of my new stops on my lunch rotation. Usually work in this area a couple times a week and now this just made it that much better. Hello Gourmet Tacos and then some!  Inside is very nice and rather modern looking. The menu items are written on some clear glass behind the counter and the soups of the day are displayed on a hanging roll of brown paper on the wall. Just place your order and find a table. You can see them cooking it in their small open kitchen.  Seating is somewhat sparse and there is an additional area out on the patio outside. Noticed a lot of people calling in their orders and picking them up once they were ready. This area definitely needed a place like this to pick things up a bit.  So far ... Ordered the Rib Eye Tacos on my first visit. They were perfectly cooked and were packed with flavor. Next tried the Mexican Hot Dog and the Torta Cubana. Very good and was too full afterwards for dessert. Today tried the Burrotote and some PapaNachos. Don't forget to check out the killer salsa bar with everything necessary to kick things up a notch.  Food is always very fresh and they use high quality ingredients. Been here several times and have not had a bad experience yet. Nice!  Too many cool things on the menu to list them all. How about fresh desserts made out of fruits, several kinds of flans, ice creams and yummy bakery treats to cap off the meal.  Service is very friendly and polite. Place is starting to get really busy and there can be small wait during peak hours. Did I tell you about the Soup of the Day? They will give you a sample to try while you wait.  Going to round up on this fine establishment. WOOHOO!  4.75 STARS
4 Amazing low prices for fresh really good food.  This is a clean casual little place were you order at the counter and seat yourself.  As we were ordering the cashier hands us some cream of zucchini soup to try. It was a nice surprise and I have to say it was really good.  We ordered two plates of tacos the 1/2 Lb Ribeye (4 tacos $6.99) and the Pescado (3 tacos $7.49) Both plates came out nicely presented with a Grilled Mexican Onion, Blistered Chili, and Sauces. Everything was tasty and everything was fresh. They have a condiment bar and I really enjoyed adding the pickled onions to the Ribeye taco.  This place seems very solid.
5 First time at Paquime and it was fabulous  had the ribeye tacos.  They were cooked perfectly.  The dish has so much flavor.  The place is adorable.  Staff was very attentive.  This place has so much charm. So happy it is in  Sunnyslope.
4 Had the Cubana torta and it was pretty good. I like the little kick of jalapeño in it. There was so many things I wanted to try, everything looked so yummy.
5 Absolutely love love this place. Go here maybe once or twice a week. They have this cucumber drink, must try.  It has lime, cucumber and pineapple in it. Delicious!  Very yummy tortas and soup as well.  Not been disappointed. ...
2 Oh, how I wanted to love this place . We always want to support the businesses in Slope.   On a positive note, the horchata was excellent - not too sweet. The also have a great looking menu with tortas, tacos and cool apps.   Unfortunately, the execution was horrible. We had to throw away both orders of elote (one of our favorite dishes). The corn was rubbery and SLATHERED in mayo. Also, no lime included. No lime with the elote? This was the very first time in my entire life I have had elote I didn't like. They need to send their cooks to Gallo Blanco to check out good elote.   After seeing their PapaNachos dish on Facebook, we also ordered that. The picture showed cheesy waffle fries with jalapeños. Yes please! Like the elote, they were extremely disappointing. No jalapeños - just cheez wiz on waffle fries. Boring, soggy and gross.   We didn't finish any of the 4 items we ordered and left extremely disappointed. I'm being nice giving it 2 stars. With so many good options around (Reyes, Gallo, etc), they are going to need to improve quickly to stick around.  Maybe their cooks need more training - not sure. I would skip this place for a bit until they get this figured out.
5 The gentrification of Phoenix has spread north unto Sunny Slope, akin to Sherman's march to the sea, the innumerable losses of life and conflagrations abound like the corpses strewn amongst the final scenes of 'Platoon". The great leviathan of progress and financial renovation knows no mercy and woe be to those who don't see the sign of the times a-changin' for their days are numbered. We can lament the yuppie businesses that are springing up in the area, making it safer for the starch collared subarbanites and their sticker family bedazzled suv's mobilizing panzer tank like amongst the parking lots and neighborhood streets that for so long were home to middle class families of largely salt of the earth ethnic backgrounds starkly contrasted to their invaders; or we can look to restaurants like Paquime and find a glimmer of hope.  Sleek, modern, unblemished and fastitiously tidy, Paquime has the feel of a scottsdale establishment, but the charm of a hole in the wall Slope mexi-street food joint. This is the first generation, slowly assimilating itself into a more milquetoast homogenized american cultura. That being said, this first generation still speaks spanish and remembers the ways of its parentage.  Paquime is muy autentica, and reminds me of family trips to puerto penasco, before cartel violence scared American families from returning. Street tacos and tortas, helados and paletas, home made aguas frescas, some varieties of pan dulce. The attention to detail and the love and care cooked into every morsel is abundantly clear. The staff all smiles and thoroughly amicable.   I took my mother here for mothers day last sunday and we gorged ourselves, well I gorged myself, she ate a portion of her flautas picking and pecking at them birdlike and insisted I finish the remainders. I ordered a torta milanesa, breaded beef avocado tomato and lettuce on a freshly baked bolillo roll. Supplementing that was an order of tacos de pescado, panko dusted fresh white cod,halibut,? not sure, but at any rate succulent and decilious. I devoured my meal rapaciously, not forgetting to note little acoutrements included with my order- a char grilled green onion and poblano chile with a tiny pickled jalopeno. Little things like these make my heart swell, I am a simple man.  Paquime is my new mistress after the death of my beloved Tacos Atoyac, and while I will remember Atoyac fondly I've moved on.
4 Delicious! Eloté was amazing (however did take a while to come out) The Mexican Hotdog was super yummy. Also, I love their strawberries con crema omg so good! Love that this restaurant is so close to home and it's absolutely a must try.
5 Wow'zer this is my first time here, and love the freakin food! I had the Ribeye Tacos. I like the interior design, very clean here.   Get here before lunch hour. Place gets flooded.
3 The food is good, but I feel that it is over priced. The tortas are tiny and not too impressive. The price you pay for a torta is a lot, especially considering los reyes is up the street from them and have tortas thrice the size of theirs.   the burrito and other food looked fine, i didn't get to try anything else, but my torta and I was not impressed.
5 after a pool party, we were starving and since i had heard so many great things about this place from co-workers...Paquime would have to be tried!  i think it's a local chain. the store manager told us they have 4 other locations in the valley. but they make everything you eat in house. the ice cream, the baked goods...everything! we were excited to try their fish tacos.   they have a few selections for non-meat eaters and will make most items with fish instead of meat. there are a couple of fish/meatless dishes as well. the menu is simple, but extensive. and everything looks/sounds delicious. our latest kick is no sugar and very little/no carbs....which is too bad because their baked goods and ice cream and palettas looked amazing.   i had the fish tostada. it was about 5 bucks but came loaded with avocado, fish, and queso fresca. i'm never sure how to eat a tostado, except with a fork and knife. in any case, it was delicious. with the added verde and rojo chile and a few jalapenos.....man oh man was i in "street food" heaven.  i tasted the wife's fish tacos, which i should've gotten. they came in 3's and although loaded...didn't simply crumble apart when handled. the taste was amazing and luckily we adhere to the "20 minute and full" mantra, because we could've ordered another 3!  a great "mexican street food" restaurant without going down to the west side or rocky point!
4 Great rib eye tacos and barbacoa tacos.  Will be back to try other items.  Loved the grilled pepper and onion.
4 My boyfriend and I had dinner here the other night and it was delicious! He had the ribeye tacos, and I had the sopes platter. We finished off with one of their super yummy tres leche cakes. The ingredients were all fresh, and everything was very tasty. The iced green tea was also very good.   The dining area is very nice, everything looks clean and modern, they had a mix of different sized tables for large and small parties. Staff was super friendly and helpful, and happy to make recommendations for items to try.
5 The ribeye tacos are AMAZING and our entire family is obsessed with the cucumber drink :)
4 I stopped in because I saw on yelp that they served elote, - usually a delicious ear of corn slathered in mayonnaise, rolled in cojita cheese and sprinkled with chili powder and lime juice. I was terribly disappointed when they brought to my table a paper cup filled with a cloudy liquid and a glob of mayo floating in it. When I questioned him, he said that they no longer serve the corn on the cob. Now they serve a small cup with a little bit of corn kernels at the bottom, and the rest of the cup filled with cloudy water, with a glob of mayo and a little bit of crumbled cojita cheese. It wasn't good.   The tacos however were great!  The ribeye tacos were simple but delicious. diced ribeye, cabbage and a slice of avocado on a small corn tortilla. The Volteado taco was especially wonderful. A  small corn tortilla topped with a little heap of a wonderfully flavored pork and a slice of cheese, then the whole thing is flipped over face down on the grill so the cheese gets crispy and toasty, then topped with an avocado slice.   The red hot sauce at the little salsa station was exceptional as well. it was really spicy and velvety smooth, It was even kind of creamy. Judging by the creaminess and richness of it, I'm pretty sure it has some heavy cream in it.  The rich salsa paired with the simple clean tacos made for an amazing meal.  After my meal I bought a churro from the pastry case. It wasn't good. It tasted old and was really tough and chewy.   Oh! And when I first walked it, the girl at the counter gave me a sample of the soup of the day. It was cream of zucchini, which sounds kind of weird, but it was great as well. it was creamy and rich with corn and bacon in it. I wasn't in the mood for soup but it was definitely delicious. Service was friendly too.  I would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the weird corn water and old churro, but it was an overall good experience. I would highly recommend the Volteado tacos and Paquime in general.
