5 I was helping my family move locally within Phoenix and came across this company through yelp and decided to try them out based on their awesome pricing. They arrived on time and brought all the right materials with them to do the move. I am always weary about moving companies because I have heard horror stories about them damaging furniture.. Well, these guys brought blankets and made sure to take their time with the move so that nothing was damaged! I am very happy with their service and despite other companies out there I would definitely recommend them to family and friends! Thank you!!!
1 Never again.  Found these movers thru living social and as it was a good deal, decided to give them a try with my moms move.  While moving is never a pleasant experience it should not be made more difficult by lazy and incompetent movers. The movers were late, sent too small of a truck which was loaded and then had to be unloaded causing unneeded delays.  They griped about having to move an upstairs apartment even though this was specified up front. The move that should have been 3-4 hours at most stretched into 6 hours and would have gone longer if not for some very sweet missionaries that unloaded more than 3/4 of the truck at our new place. Emailed the owner on more than one occasion and never heard back.  Save yourself the hassle and frustration.
1 They don't even deserve a single star! 4 hours late and no return call after having first been hung up on and then two other attempts.  Home office didn't answer and couldn't leave a message because their mailbox was full. Called another mover!  If you want good prompt service call moveaholics. http://www.moveaholics.net 480-305-3793
1 HORRIBLE!! HORRIBLE!! HORRIBLE!! Run away as fast as you can. If you can get your money back/refund from living social, do so right now. Robyn, the office manager is a terrible person. Was not honest at all and kept feeding us lies. Move was to be due at noon and they did not come until 7pm. We ended up not using them. Found out from one of the movers that the truck that was supposed to for us got sent for another job. No customer service at all. Tried to add extra surcharges. I agree with the other reviews, doesn't even deserve one star.
1 Bought the Living Social deal, scheduled the move for Sunday 9am, waited until 6pm and they never showed (after giving me excuses the entire day). They stopped answering my calls and the owner, Robin, never returned my calls to remedy the situation. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!! They are completely dishonest and unprofessional. Worst experience EVER!! Oh and after 7days, you can't get your money back from Living Social. Crappy.
5 Wow! I'm shocked to read other people's reviews.  I had a really positive experience with this company and would use them again.  I also purchased the living social deal for 3 hrs.  I scheduled the move via email, and their responses were timely.  They were available on the day and time that I needed them (maybe because I chose a Wednesday?)  The crew was Tito and Chris.  Both men were friendly and professional.  They completed the job on time and there was no damage to any of my items.
1 If I was able to choose zero stars, I would have. These people are HORRIBLE. We booked a move with them a couple of weekends ago and they never bothered to show up. When we got ahold of them, one of the partners refused to even speak to us. The other one tried to reschedule our move for later that day. 7pm...then 10pm...then they still didn't show. At that point, they stopped returning our calls and text messages and we've never heard from them again. I'm 5 months pregnant and this was NOT the stress I needed on an already stressful moving weekend. This company is absolutely the WORST and their name is so ironic that it's a joke. There is absolutely NO integrity with anyone in this company. DO NOT HIRE THESE PEOPLE!!!!
1 They showed up 2 hours late.  One guy went home sick in the middle of the move.  What should have taken them 1.5 hours to load, they spent 4.5 hours.  A lot of our furniture is dinged up.  They showed up in a rented 14 foot Budget truck for a 2 bedroom apartment.  Would not recommend.
1 Be warned. Do not take their Living Social offer or ever consider hiring this company. These people are not good to work with. Don't be fooled by the name. They have absolutely no integrity.  They will schedule a move, not show up, and then stop answering your calls when they can't figure out how to rectify the situation.  I never wish anything bad on anyone but I for them, I will make an exception.  I hope they go out of business.
5 I actually read the comments below after this company moved all of our stuff, and I couldn't believe it was the same company with all the bad comments below. The guy who moved us said they had some issues with previous workers and that they had let go a lot of bad workers and were properly training the new crew. This was our experience with 1st Integrity...  I bought the Living Social deal, which I thought was a steal (and made me a little weary of the situation) but I went ahead and bought it. I called to schedule and the lady on the phone was very pleasant, told me about the charges outside of the deal ($30 for being on the 2nd floor, and $85/hr after the first 3 hours) which I found to be reasonable. We set up a time frame for 8-9AM. The movers showed up at 8:30am, and  began wrapping up our furniture and more valuable pieces. They moved very quickly and they were very polite. We went over by a few hours and were adequately charged. Then unloaded all of our boxes and furniture unharmed, and I didn't notice any damage. As much as I hate moving and vow to not move again for 20 years, I hope these guys are still around to move us again.
1 WARNING!!! Do not utilize this company's services. The voucher for this company is only for 2 hours of moving time total, including drive time. The Amazon Local voucher states "$99 ($216 value) for two hours of moving services with a truck Includes two movers and one additional hour of travel time Friendly customer service" this is an obscene lie.   One mover, Ralph, was texting on his phone and standing around attempting to make small talk. He moved hardly any items in an the hour that was allocated to load the truck. When asked about the voucher he stated "that was just a hook to get you." He was also going in rooms that were closed off and kept commenting that somebody has money. Very unprofessional. It was very uncomfortable and we are now getting an alarm system.  Sean was the other mover and he did an excellent job. He is what this one star is for, his company should thank him.
1 100% MOVING NIGHTMARE!!!!    I told the owner that I have a 3 bedroom home that needs to be moved. Everything was packed in boxes and moved into the garage except a few large items.  The owner agreed to charge me $245 for the first FOUR HOURS +$84.00 an hour after that. The owner also agreed to include shrink wrap, and dropping off a few items to my new place with no charge. The movers arrived at my house at 8:30am in a UHAUL truck fit for a 1  1/2 bedroom house.  The unexperienced and unprofessional movers had to take 2 trips. The second owner still agreed to give me the same price with no additional charge for their fault of bringing a small truck. The drive is 45 minutes per trip from the storage space to the home.   At the beginning of the 2nd trip, the movers asked ME to go to the store and get them something to drink. I really did not feel comfortable leaving strangers with my personal belongings with no supervision. I did not want them to pass out in the heat. Even though they should have been drinking water, I took a chance and went to the store to go get a blue PowerAde and Dr. Pepper at their request.  I took a photo of the license plate on the UHAUL truck. I hurried back. Time as passed and they are close to filling up the truck the second time. Once again, the truck is filling up FAST! My washer, dryer, treadmill and refrigerator along with other large items are still not on the truck. One of the movers was annoyed  and begins to tell the other mover that he hates his boss (the owner) for giving them a small truck.  One of the mover's proceeds to call the office, but no one answers for about  1/2 an hour. Once they finally answer, I see the movers closing the truck without the remainder of my items on the truck! I ask them what is happening. They replied by saying they were going back and get a BIGGER TRUCK.    They left WITH MY ITEMS on that truck and headed to the downtown area were the office was.  They left  at 4pm and came back at 6pm. When the movers arrived at 6pm to finish the job,  IT WAS THE SAME TRUCK, BUT  DIFFERENT MOVERS! They finally finished after 8pm. By this time, my storage unit is closed so they had to keep my items OVERNIGHT!  They gave me a new price of $500! I could not believe this was happening.  I was being swindled!  The owner told the movers that she wanted me to pay the $245 right now and pay the remainder of the balance tomorrow morning when they dropped off my items at the storage unit and wanted me to sign a document stating that I would do that. I refused to sign anything that I did not agree to.  One of the movers agreed that it was wrong the way I was treated. I let them take my items to their office over night. The mover said he would personally deliver my items to the storage space 1st thing the next morning. Once the mover showed up the next morning, he showed me some paper work that one of the owners put together for me to sign and pay the balance. THEY WANTED TO KEEP MY STUFF UNTIL I PAID DOUBLE OF WHAT WAS AGREED!  I still refused.  I was going to call the authorities. The mover stopped me and said squash it. After 24 hours of moving, they unloaded my items into the storage unit. I too afraid to have them drop a few of my things to my new place so I did not ask. I still gave the movers tips.  I don't see them staying in business by using movers with no experience and giving promises and not following through with them. SO GLAD THAT HORRIBLE NIGHTMARE IS OVER!
5 We had an emergency move, our daughter lost her fiancé to suicide and we needed to move her furniture and belongings out as soon as possible.  Add to this that it was the 4th of July.  Trevel Randolph, the Owner, answered my call that morning, lined up packers to pack up the whole house that afternoon.  The morning of July 5th they returned with the truck to pick up the boxes and furniture.  By the end of the day on July 5th we had our daughter's house full of furniture and belongings in a storage unit.  Trevel and the gentlemen he sent out we're wonderful!  They were polite, respectful, careful and kind.  I could not have hoped for anything better.  Tony Bruce and BJ were two of the movers.  Top notch folks!  Would recommend them and would use them again.  Thank you, thank you!
