5 Really impressed on our initial visit here. The decor is fresh and pleasing, service is cheerful and attentive and as for the food - exquisitely presented, superbly cooked and generous yet elegant portions. It's not often I rave about hummus.... :-) We tried it, as well as the tuna tartare, the lamb skewer ( served with the most perfect vegetables) and the beet salad. All exceptional.
5 Went with my husband last night. It is Mediterranean fare and we both had the lamb skewers and it was excellent. The homemade chocolate gelato was delicious and their bread is very good too. Right now they don't have a liquor license so you can bring your own bottle which is great for saving some money and there is no corkage fee which is very nice.  Our waitress was very sweet helpful. It is a small intimate family run restaurant that you can feel comfortable dining at.
5 Stopped in yesterday afternoon  with a friend and had a great meal.  They did a great makeover of this restaurant.  The food is is fresh and delish.  We had a Margarita pizza and a veggie sandwich and they were both outstanding.  Also gave us some of their homemade bread which I had with olive oil, oh my! Looking forward to dinner in here soon.  I have heard the lamb chops are awesome! Ben was great waiter and very helpful answering questions about menu and restaurant.
5 Took two people for lunch today.  This little place,  owners by a husband and wife,  exceeded all my expectations.  The food was absolutely amazing.  Fresh,  flavorful and unique.  You can still get a burger or specialty pizza or spurge on their amazing pasta or lamb,  or the lightest fish I've ever tasted.  I'll come again and again.
3 We went for first time for dinner. The Caesar salad was meh. It had two anchovies, and the dressing was bland. The wine was all right, but $14 for a glass of Oberon Cab?  the reason I'm giving it a 3 instead of a 4 is price.  It's just over priced. The starters start at $11 ( there's only one $11, the rest are $13-15). The entrees are $22+. We each had pasta,  which was pretty good, but not $24 good.  Maybe $16-18 good. So for 2 people, we SPLIT a salad, each had a pasta dish and each a glass of wine. Our bill was $100.  If our bill was closer to $80, it'd have been more in line. Service was excellent, atmosphere is nice (patio dining was very pleasant!).  Would we go again? I don't know...we ate the lowest priced items. If we tried anything else our bill would be $120-130...and it's just not worth that price.
3 We went for lunch yesterday and really enjoyed the food and service, but found it a bit pricey. It was four star good, but we had to knock off a star for horrible water. It is hard to believe a place of this caliber does not have a filter system for drinking water, or does not at least offer a slice of lemon.
5 This is such a great restaurant!  Fresh, clean, wonderful food!!!  The restaurant has been completely redone to make it open, attractive, and comfortable.  Good wine list!  Outdoor seating.  Owner/chef, George, could not be more personable.  We have been back twice and expect many visits as we enjoy good food - that is prepared with exceptional care and quality.
5 Went for happy hour.  Food was delicious!  Bar for happy hour only seats four but we were told they are getting ready to remodel entire restaurant .  Dinner of salmon Wellington was wonderful.  Love this little gem.  Carefree needs more places like this!  We will be repeat costumes!
5 Busy but not over crowded on a Thursday night. Very friendly staff and owners. Positive vibe is indicative of the husband/wife owners who love meeting the restaurant patrons.  Food and drinks were all well prepared. Moscow Mule was particularly good. In addition to the menu there are usually a few daily specials worth trying. Everything is made with fresh ingredients and tastes like it. Although menu is mostly American, there are some Turkish influences sprinkled throughout.  Recommend finishing your meal with a proper Turkish coffee. Looking forward to visiting again!
5 It doesn't get any better than this in Carefree!  We've been waiting for a decent restaurant to open in Carefree...looks like its finally here!!!  Last night we stopped in and were greeted by a fabulous server by the name of Thea. She was very knowledgable about the wine list, so right off we were impressed. Come to find out, Thea was the bartender at Carefree Station for 8 years before it closed. We miss Carefree Station, especially their homemade potato chips that use to be served for free at the bar!   I digress, back to Carefree Bistro...anyway, my partner ordered salmon over beet salad and I ordered the most delicious chicken breast and shrimp dish. It arrived bathed in a delicious sauce with large caper berries and artichokes. Fresh Brussels sprouts, carrots and rosemary potatoes rounded out the meal.  It was the perfect complement to the Oaked Chardonnay that Thea recommended.  But the piece de resistance was dessert!  Profiteroles served with homemade chocolate gelato.  Now THAT'S how you win my heart.  We'll be back! NOTE: their outdoor patio is pet friendly and a nice option for those seeking gourmet food in Carefree. I don't know of a better choice in Carefree!
