5 Got a sneak taste of the curry chicken. I usually like a hotter curry, but was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful it tasted! Flower Child uses only the freshest ingredients that don't have GMO!!! Clean food! I have celiac and am always looking for restarsaunts that cater to gluten free choices. Absolutely a must go to for a unique experience!!!
5 Went there today hoping they were open to public but alas not till the 29th. Gave my wife and I a complimentary ice tea though. Tea was quality! Can't wait for the food. Place looked great!
5 I'd like to introduce you to a great new Fox Restaurant Concept, Flower Child. I attended the VIP soft opening on Friday, April 25th. Being extremely hungry my boyfriend and I ordered a LOT of food and enjoyed all of it.   The avocado hummus was recommended to us and it was delicious. A combo of creamy guac and hummus with flax flat bread. For my meal I got a "power bowl" with grilled chicken. It is hard to impress me with chicken because SO many place do not add any flavor. This chicken had lots of herb-y flavor and was tender. My boyfriend ordered the avocado wrap and enjoyed it but wished he had gotten a power bowl. The reason the power bowl is amazing is because the vegetable sides are FANTASTIC. I got 3 with my bowl and my boyfriend ordered 2 sides. here's what we tried:  -Green Lentils, very tasty but nothing overly special -Smashed Potatoes- AMAZING and perfect in every way -Gluten Free Mac and Cheese- delicious and perfect because I am trying to remove gluten from my diet. The only complaint is that the spiral noodles were 1-2 minutes away from al dente meaning they were a bit crunchy. The sauce was delicious though. -Chili Roasted Sweet Potatoes- Most flavorful thing on my plate and very unexpected. Sweet and spicy. Mmmm! -Roasted Cauliflower with Curry spices- Also incredibly flavorful and perfectly cooked  We also tried the homemade lemonades (I sampled all 3) and the Kombucha. It was all delicious. My boyfriend loved the organic beer on tap and I cannot wait to try the wines! Finally, we tried the gluten free cookie and brownie. The cookie was delicious and moist. The brownie was too moist and rich and falls apart in your hands.  Overall, Flower Child gets 5 stars on food alone. The decor is nice although more garden themed and not as many flowers or hippie themed decorations as the name Flower Child might suggest. Actually, come to think of it, the name makes little to no sense... I should also mention that the portions are pretty small on the appetizer and power bowl. I foresee this being a problem for them given the pricing ($15 for a protein bowl and sides). I know some people will complain. I will DEFINITELY go back because of the flavorful, healthy options. I appreciate the gluten free, vegan, organic options immensely! There is a HUGE market for a fast casual concept like this in Phoenix. Hopefully they will consider opening a more central location in the near future!
5 Atmosphere and decor are wonderful!!  I tried the Mac & cheese, beef bowl and flying avocado wrap. Everything was tasty but the flying avocado was by far the best. I will be back for that soon!
5 This is a great addition to the FRC collection, and a great addition to the Arcadia 'hood. My daughter has celiac, so we are always looking for good options. This place has a vast majority of the menu as Gluten Free, which is awesome. I had the salmon, broccoli with Mac and cheese and it was exceptional. Great job FRC!
5 We came the day after opening day and loved this place. As per usual, Fox always has awesome decor.  We enjoyed the counter experience, but come early because it gets busy very quickly for dinner. We ordered a beer and wine on tap and we each got the protein with a couple of sides. I had the steak, GF mac and cheese and roasted veggies. Fiance had chicken, kale and apple slaw and the asparagus. Everything was cooked perfectly in my mind and the roasted veggies were my favorite. Fiance said the mac and cheese wasn't his favorite because the texture is a little grainy from either the pasta itself or because they used a white rice flour (or something similar) but I actually enjoyed it a lot because of that.   We have officially decided that we cannot move out of this neighborhood. There are just so many great places to go and this was a wonderful addition.
2 Nothing to write home about. The ambience was nice and the service was friendly. We ordered take out. I got The Rebel, my husband got the Spicy Salmon Nabemono and my friend for the mix-n-match. The flavor was good. Not great but good. You can definitely taste that there are high quality ingredients used but it was nothing stellar. Now for the portion sizes. I would give that one star. All three of us joked about going out to dinner AFTER we had finished. The portion sizes are small and do not warrant the high price tag. After all My wrap plus iced tea was $17 without tax! Not something you expect to pay for a wrap a few pieces of lettuce and an iced tea.  We will not be back. We feel like FOX concepts struck out on this one. If you want great flavor, high quality and better portions do take out or eat in at True Food Kitchen.
5 DELICIOUS! Everyone I went with has vegetarian items, but WOW. I love their lentils, macaroni tastes super buttery and delicious! My only complaint is that my potion of lentils is somewhat small for being $4, especially because lentils are so cheap! Anyway, great place. Definitely will be back.
3 Tough to find value. I stopped by Saturday night with friends and we just had time for take out. I had the Broccoli and Parmesan, Kale and Apple Slaw, and the grass fed steak as the protein. The meal tasted great but the portions weren't worth the $16 after tax cost. I had a feeling when I was handed the bag and it was very light. I would only go back at those prices to dine in for a special occasion.   My feedback is to have take out specials ($10 for two items and protein for example) I would stop by then at least a couple times a week. Especially when I want a healthy light meal after working out. I'm sure the ingredients are top quality but it's just too much money for such a small meal and the take out customers pay for dine in atmosphere.
5 Food was very flavorful and I was not disappointed by the portion size as others have commented on.   Highly recommend taking some time and visiting Flower Child. Fox has hit the nail on the head again with this one!   Notes:  - You stand in line to order and then chose a seat to have your food brought to you.  - Servers are standing around the line looking to help and answer questions on the menu while you wait.  - Very open atmosphere and pleasant experience while waiting.   Food:  + Avocado Kale Salad was much larger than I anticipated. The dressing was sweet but balanced wonderfully with the bitterness of the kale. You could possibly use less dressing, although I didn't find that to bother me too much.  + Mix & Match:   + Roasted veggies were very well done and melted in your mouth. More carrots than anything.   - Dark greens were less flavorful and somewhat bitter.   - Beet/Citrus/Avocado is a must if you like beets. The combination pairs incredibly well together!
3 OK, I admit, there's a little prejudice against FC on my part even before I walk in the door. Between it and Steak 44, my mellow corner AJ's is a mere memory. Parking/traffic is now a total pain the ass.  That said, I thought I'd give it a whirl for lunch today on my day off. I had to make a full circle through the lot before finding a single space. Walking up, I could already hear the buzz of way too many overly excited female voices. Ruh roh. The line stretched well out the door, but it did move quickly. Employees are stationed at the doorway before the registers to answer questions, a nice touch. Said helpful girl directed me to a little side register devoted to take out.   To (ahem) ensure my experience was representative, I splurged for the 3-item mix + match, a big ol' drink, and a brownie (after sampling one at the register). $23.... ouch. I had elbows-out trying to get through the crowd to the drink station (ice teas, lemonades, etc.). Predictable mix of ladies-who-lunch, hipsters, soccer moms, fashionistas in leather shirts and $2000 handbags. Female:male ratio easily 4:1, if not higher. The decor is a little whitewashed-Midwestern-barn-chic for my taste, but it fits the name. It's quite open so the place is LOUD AS FUCK.   I barely had a chance to get comfy on the big benches in the takeaway area before my food was ready, presented in a brown paper bag with a cute artichoke stamped on it, a takeout menu thoughtfully placed inside. I'd just finished checking out the cooler with to-go drinks, mentally scoffing at the $6 cold brew coffee and envisioning the idiot who would think it's cool to drink coconut water right out of the coconut. I fled the scene, trying not to step on wayward children, and hurried to my car as someone in a big SUV stalked me for my space.   The verdict? Meh. The dark greens were very salty. VERY. The chili glazed sweet potato was decent, with an unexpected pronounced citrus flavor. Not spicy in the least. The tofu... well, it is tofu. Definitely nothing special. The clear winner was the sweet corn and quinoa. My God. Strap a feed bag on me full of that shit and I'll be good. The portions are not as dismal as one might suspect from other reviews; this will be two meals. The brownie was puzzling; different from the one I'd sampled earlier, although I'd ordered the same type. The one that came home with me was, again, heavily salted. Not bad, just not expected.  While I'm impressed by the efficiency of a restaurant that is so new, I'm not blown away by the food itself. Regardless, I suspect I will end up here often, because a) it's walking distance from my house; b) lots of vegetarian options; and c) easy for takeout.
4 another win for the neighborhood! the parking situation is a drag, but if you can get past that, Flower Child is worth the effort  I had the Kale salad..dee-lish and a 3 side combination of the broccoli/parm, beet/citrus and apple slaw...they were ok, but nothing spectacular  I will definitely go back to try more of the menu
3 I just stopped by Flower Child for lunch today - I'm sure I'm not the first one to say it, but this place was packed. It's like Sam Fox found the perfect combination to make Phoenicians go wild. The line was way out the door, so I opted for the to-go option.   I ordered the organic tofu & mushroom pho with shiritaki noodles, Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapeño and lime. It was ready quickly and I received the broth and the fixings in separate containers - woohoo!   While I was there the environment was great, it definitely lived up to it's name as a kind of flower-child-meadow-old barn feel. It was a big space.   The mushrooms were big and meaty, and the tofu was well cooked and flavorful. My number one complaint is that the broth was way too spicy for me. I like spicy food, I like sriracha in my pho, but this was out of control. The jalapeño slices are cooked in the broth, and it didn't bring flavor, it just brought some really intense, tip of your tongue heat. It hurt to eat. It was so spicy it affected my speech. It was so spicy it still hurts now, an hour later. I can only imagine how spicy the spicy salmon nabemono is, if they bothered to label that as spicy.   I do want to go back and order something else, because everyone else has said they had great food and really enjoyed it. I will update my review when I visit next time.
3 Yes, Sam Fox and his quest to be everything to everyone.  His knowledge of trends, design acumen, and flawless execution make him the slickest restauranteur this side of Bobby Flay.   It is in that context that this place totally belies its intended aim. It portrays itself as an altruistic hippy enclave full of good vibrations, peace, and simple whole grown fare.  What you get is tawdry gossip from the 'Village' ladies, $17 protein bowls, and a spot that is capitalizing on the latest trend.  Don't get me wrong.  My meal was tasty.  But at that price and with that atmosphere I would just assume eat a similar meal at a place like Chop Shop and donate the difference to the Peoples Republic of Sustainable Nicaraguan Coffee Growers or whatever the Whole Foods Crowd cause is at the moment.
3 All Sam Fox restaurants seem to have the same things in common: great atmosphere and interior design, ok food. I wish the food was as good, heck better, than the design work. I've had ok food and good food at Sam Fox restaurants but I've never had great food. A lot of people seem to say that. I do however admire his success and his variety of restaurants so cheers to that. I also want to give this place another try. So let's get to it....  As usual the place looks cool, good vibe, friendly staff. Very friendly , A+ there. I was choosing between the Avocado Asian Salad with chicken or the Sesame Beef Bowl. The lovely girl helping me suggested the beef bowl win this war and rang me up. $16 for a beef bowl? Really?! Good lord. The salad would have cost me $14. And I thought the $12 LGO salads were a lot.   The beef bowl came out really quickly which was impressive given how busy they were. And it was....forgettable. Pretty tried of ordering anything that has rice in the list of ingredients and finding out that's the majority of what I'm getting. Rice with a few other things here and there. The meat was not cooked all the way, rather chewy. The cauliflower was nice and well seasoned. And then I was left with a huge bowl of rice to eat. I left a good amount of it there. I'm here to be healthy-ish right? Salad, I should've salad. I will salad next time and depending on how that goes decide whether to return again after that or stick with LGO.
4 I'm vegetarian always looking for new vegetarian restaurants in the area. Flower Child is very close where I live  and very convenient for me. I went today Sunday with my boyfriend around 3 PM, the place was 90% full and we found a really nice spot outside. The food was delicious, mostly organic, good price considering the quality. The staff attention was good, lovely ladies explained us the menu and made us some recommendations.  The food was served really fast. I ordered red chili glazed Sweet potato with bok choy sesame seeds beats avocado citrus & tofu. I really enjoyed the tofu because was grilled. My boyfriend ordered the Veg Out with grilled Portobello hummus cucumber onions quinoa wrap, it was good but mine was much.  Decoration is nice and comfortable but nothing over-the-top. Definitely I'll come back to try other options
3 I like fresh, healthy food with many veg options, however I also like value.  My wife and I ordered 3 main dishes between the two of us and it did not make for a satisfying meal, The other couple we were with were in the same boat.  I had the salmon from their hot pot section, it was poached in a spicy broth with some sweet potatoes it was good but light for $14, My wide had the veggie Pho it was nothing too special.  We also got a plate of 3 salads, The avocado and citrus was a bit too slimy, the mushrooms and asparagus were well cooked and the beet salad was decent.  The format is like a pei-wei order at the counter and take a number for you table, the menu itself shares inspiration from true foods.  If you are on a diet this may be a great option. If you are hungry or looking for value it may not be the best idea.
4 Excellent lunch. Great food with very pleasant people , presentation and personality.
4 Healthy Healthy Healthy. Don't expect burgers, pizza and soda here. They are taken by wraps, salads, home made lemonade and pho.  Not easy to find if you are not looking for the place. It is tucked behind Schmidt Jewelers on the Northeast corner of 44rh St and Camelback.   The decor is everything you would expect from a Sam Fox Restaurant,  very nice and inviting.   I tried The Rebel Wrap - Steak and the home made lemonade which both were very good. You order at the counter, a person assigns you a table and they bring the food to your table. The drinks are all in dispensers so you help yourself.   Would recommend this place as a good place for lunch more so than dinner.   Food was good, not real large portions but enough to fill you up.  Would recommend trying this place and look forward to coming back to try another dish
5 I absolutely love it here. The ambiance, openness of the restaurant and the service are all great; I wouldn't expect anything less than fox. Been here two times now within the week and both times have made me want to come more. The first time I had the raw vegetable salad with chicken and the next, the Mediterranean salad. Both were very very good! I'm on a mission to try them all.  The drink choices are also very good as well. No matter what you choose, they all will quench your thirst. I'll be back very soon !!!!
3 Another Sam Fox restaurant with the same results. A+ ambiance, great service, and a reasonable price point. But then there is the food. Don't get me wrong, everything I tasted was good, but nothing was done great. All the plates that I tried were neither exceptional or memorable. I left feeling unsatisfied and disappointed.   Maybe I set a high standard due to how great all the other aspects of the restaurant are. But in order to keep me coming back, the food must be different, have exceptional flavor, or just be memorable in some positive way.   Overall not bad, just not too exciting either.
4 Another cool atmosphere like everyone had mentioned, got there at 11:30 before the "lunch rush" and enjoyed my tofu wrap. Great place to hang & chat on the patio. Another great addition to Arcadia! Definitely a keeper in my book & won't be my last visit.
5 I just went to Flower Child and found it FANTASTIC.  I am not a vegan and I do like meat.  I had the Beet, Avocado and Citrus side with the French Green Lentils with Fennel and Thyme and Snap Pea and Sobe Noodles with Grass-Fed Beef and it was fantastic.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating and it was very busy.  I do not write a review and this is well worth it.  I can not wait to come back again.
3 This is my third visit to Flower Child. I was willing to give it another try because my sister is obsessed with it!  Today my daughter and I ordered the Pho Soup and the Sliced Beef Bowl. The Beef bowl was decent, but nothing spectacular taste wise. My daughter had the Pho.  This had to be the worst bowl of pho I have ever sampled!  Tasteless and bland.  The upside is the manager was a sweetheart who promptly refunded our money and asked what they could do to improve the dish.  This is the reason why I will continue to frequent Fox Concept restaurants. The employees are spectacular and very well trained, she did not look a day over 21, but handled the situation like a true pro!!!  Also the girls at the counter are dolls!  I suggested that they send the chef down to a little hole in the wall called Pho AV to steal the secret to the broth that  makes Pho the special soup that it is.  With a little fine tuning taste wise Flower Child will flourish!!  The best thing about it is the homemade lemonades that are superb and made with real sugar.
4 I'm usually a critic of Sam Fox's concepts but lately I'm developing a sympathy for them and Flower Child is helping.  A down to earth unpretentious cool spot with great service and good food for a fair price, what else can you ask for?  I had the asian avocado salad and the madras chicken curry.  Both pretty good. A little too much kale in the salad and little avocado if you ask my opinion, but all in all pretty solid.  I'll be back for sure.  Cheers
4 I'm a big fan of Sam Fox's restaurant so i decded to give this place a try. Super cute decor, super fast service, but a bit overpriced.   I ordered the grass fed steak protein plate with the Red Chili Glazed Sweet Potato. The potato's were AMAZING. So delish! My steak was cold.. however since the potatos were that good i didnt care about my steak being a bit cold. Definitely planning on going back to have some more potatoes!
3 Look the food is phenomenal, but when you leave spending $18 bucks for just your lunch and you got a wrap and a lemonade.....its hard its hard to get excited.
5 Flower Child couldn't be any cooler if it tried-- if I wasn't such a healthy eater already it would've converted me immediately.   It's an open space, high ceilings, light and airy colors and booths- lots of booths, stripes, paisley and pillows.      Fresh lemonade are by the utensils and the menu is not incredibly expansive but a little overwhelming for a first time. The perks? Staff is SUPER friendly and talkative. When I geeked out over the fact that they have synergy kombucha ON TAP like a draft, she joined in. It was fantastic.        Not only do they have that but they also offer teas, mini coffee growlers, coconut water, hummus grab n goes and baked goods in and near the deli case.      Dinner was unreal. I did the vegetable and grains platter but couldn't pick just three so I got four different things. The portions are great sizes, i didn't feel like I was stuffed or that I had over eaten.     I tried their beets, avocado and citrus side, the Indian cauliflower with turmeric and cinnamon, the quinoa tabbouleh and the sweet chile glazed sweet potatoes. Everything was amazing and my obsession with sweet potatoes has only deepened after this amazing preparation.        We got the avocado hummus to split and it was excellent-- it has pumpkin seeds with it which gives it a nice texture and flavor variation.   All in all, I wish I lived next door to this little hippie.
3 I came here with some friends the other week for some dinner. It was pretty good overall. When I first arrived I noticed parking was a nightmare. You might want to get there early if you are meeting people or look for parking not directly in front of the restaurant because the spots are pretty small and hard to come by.   When you first walk in it is kind of confusing; you order at the register and then they bring your food to you. To me it looked like you would wait by the sandwich bar for your wrap/salad since they have the glass there, but I guess it is to add to the ambiance or whatever. The look of the restaurant was nice. It looked like something out of an Anthropologie advertisement. Kind of vintage with earthy colors, but still modern looking? if that makes sense.   I ordered an avocado chicken wrap and got an iced tea. I chose the Acai iced tea which was AMAZING. It was probably one of the best I've had. When I got my food I was also impressed. It came with a side salad that was pretty good and the wrap was also yummy.   I just found it hard to justify paying $16 for this meal. I felt like it was a good quality meal with great ingredients and could probably justify paying at THE MOST $12 for it. But to be honest at Whole Foods I could get a wrap and iced tea for around $10. It just kind of irked me. I also thought it was really loud in the restaurant. I couldn't talk at all to the people at the other side of the table which stunk because we came as a group. Maybe the outdoor seating is better, but it was kind of warm out. The food was good, but I probably won't come back. I can get organic wraps and salads at many other places for much cheaper.
3 NO WIFI.  This place has a good scene, healthy food, and friendly staff.  But man, oh man, is it overpriced compared to Chop Shop or LGO.  Scan the reviews and you'll see this is a consistent theme.  Went twice and probably won't go back.  I would give the food 4 stars and the value 2.5.
5 Healthy eating in a fun atmosphere. Im a vegetarian; my husband isnt so I was thrilled he wanted to go. Theres protein options so theres really something for everyone.  The 3 of us all had wraps - chicken, steak and veggie. All came with a small salad. We also got a side of mac and cheese - good flavor but the texture was different.  The wraps were large amd tasty. The workers were all friendly and very happy.  Its such a clean, bright, cheery place.  Would definitely go back.
5 This place just plain rocks. Healthy options galore, gluten free and vegan options AND Brew Dr. Kombucha! Stop reading this review and get down here.
4 Love the pick 1,2 or 3 option! My favorites are the spicy glazed sweet potatoes and the soba noodles!! They always have a great selection of fresh lemonade!
5 Similar to True Foods but more convenient, order at the counter concept. Love it! Have only been here once but looking forward to going back.
5 Love this place, food is so healthy and good.
4 Kombucha on tap?! This place has enlightened me to new levels of hip-ness. The method of ordering and getting tables can get a little confusing for first timers, but this is a lovely restaurant with a matching atmosphere. Food is delicious and fresh, but it can be a little loud at the peak hours.
5 This place was excellent. Great choices, add on proteins, teas and lemonade, no soda, why, cuz it's healthy food here. Servers super friendly, welcoming, appreciative. Tips are odd here as it's set up like a wildflower, but it's so far from that for service, food choices and quality, and atmosphere. Wish they had more locations around the valley! Well done on this concept.
5 Great quality food and fun atmosphere. I had the avocado hummus and the quinoa salad- both were delicious.   Great job Fox restaurants on another amazing restaurant.
5 I came to Flower Child with a friend for the first time and we loved it! First of all, great vibes. Fresh, clean, bright, busy-  but not overly crowded. Phoenix becomes a better place every time Sam Fox opens a new restaurant.   We shared the avocado hummus which was fantastic. I had the beets, sweet potatoes, and a side of chicken for protein. I was OBSESSED with the beets and sweet potatoes. The chicken was plain grilled, but with some hummus and Cholula it was just right. Lemonade was great as well, especially since you can mix and match to make your own Arnold Palmer. Definitely will be coming back very soon!
2 I am a huge fan of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts, but this one I just can't get behind. Exceptionally overpriced and very very bland food.
3 Just took off two stars b/c they don't recycle!  An entire restaurant, imagine their impact.  Not to mention their whole concept is healthy and earth conscious at this place (one of the kids books they have talks about recycling even), but all their plastic cups go to a landfill.  What a disappointment and hypocrisy!  So, I go a lot and my new fave salad is the Mediterranean (I tell them light dressing b/c they really can overdo it), and the Spicy Salmon entree.  Also, I like the soups (the chicken tortilla is fabulous) but I found the Pho, Veggie Bean Soup, and the Coconut Curry a bit too salty.    My "old" review: "Healthy, delicious, great staff and service, and really it does not get better.  MY FAVE and the best salad ever - Quinoa Salad!  Add chicken for protein.  Great kids meals that are healthy.  The Salmon Entree is delish!  For kids, the Quinoa-Corn and Mashed potatoes are great (although the quinoa corn is a bit sweet for me).  The wraps are great, my fave is the veggie and I add tofu to it.  Lemonades so good and use cane sugar.  It's the best!  Avoid going at the lunch rush b/c there will be a long wait."
5 Yep, this is a perfect lunch dinner spot. Bright, friendly, healthy, neighborhood and family friendly, and the food was very flavorful. The menu was a little confusing at first but I always just ask what the most popular dishes are and go from there. I wish it was a little less expensive as I would go there a few days a week for luch, but I cannot justify spending over $9 or $10 on lunch, so it's a once in a while kind of lunch eatery.
5 Food tastes fresh, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. I recommend the salmon. Cooked perfectly.
4 This atmosphere is light and fun and the food is delcious although pricey for lunch.  Love that they have the same Kale Apple Slaw as the Henry!
5 the options for healthy eating in the PHX just keep getting better and better. and thanks to the ever expanding food domination of Fox Concepts, we have another of his creations to thank.   we have not had a single negative experience with Fox restaurants, and this newest addition (for us) is no exception. the decor...typical for cleanliness and absolute charm.   the food is exquisite...and another option for veg heads without settling for other restaurants where the only option is "veggie burger" or "salad". portions here tend to veer on the "lesser is better" option and we agree. they even offer vegan wine....a bit expensive, but the novelty was worth it however, i'll stick with water next time. overall, prices are reasonable for the food.   so many options i can't even begin....ok, i was going to try but there is just too much. and.....there are options for meat eaters, like grass fed beef. all in all, i was very pleased with my meal...it was flavorful yet simple. like i said, another great option for those of us trying to care for our bodies.
5 Awesome!  Another Fox home run.  Great place for a quick, light, healthy meal!!  Will definitely be back!
4 Calories don't exist here. Ok yes they do, but if I were to guess, I'd say that they are much more minimal than other restaurants! Everything here tastes fresh and healthy. Popular during the lunch hour, this shop knows how to serve food efficiently to large groups. You order at the counter, get a drink and then take a seat at a table to wait for a server to bring your food. You can also order takeout and wait at the counter. Food comes out within 10 minutes max, even on a busy day!   The staff here is always friendly and cold water welcomes the guest upon arrival. For food, I've now ordered four things off the menu. I've ordered the Mediterranean salad with chicken, the hummus starter, the Crudite and most recently, the Flying Avocado wrap. Everything I've had here has been spot on, but my favorite thing so far is the Flying Avocado wrap. It comes with chicken, avocado hummus, gouda (but I left that out), lettuce and tomato. Each ingredient complimented the other and I especially liked the kick of the avocado hummus. I gobbled up each bite. The wrap comes with a salad but the salad doesn't have anything on it, so the side lacks. If you want more than just the wrap, I suggest substituting the side with something else or getting a starter. They also have excellent lemonade and tea, but don't expect to get a soda!
4 So this is like the faster, healthier, more casual version of the Henry. I think the food is a little overpriced and the place is a little too seen-and-be-seen-ish, but I keep returning, because the concept works for me. I'm always looking for healthy convenient options and Flower Child fits the bill. I like how organized they are in the ordering process; you walk in and a staff member will grab a table and put a number on it for you while you order. This process prevents you from having to meander around stalking people for a place to sit, it makes for a lot less awkward experience.    Everything I've tried so far has been quite tasty, the quinoa salad is delicious and filling with crunchy kale and flavorful manchego, I get it with grilled tofu for extra protein. I've also had the "pick 3" and I highly recommend the sweet corn and quinoa, it's very rich and creamy you can't tell that it's healthy at all. I also really enjoy the Flying Avocado wrap, the chicken is cooked perfectly and the hummus and avocado go really well with the veggies, also they let me substitute the gouda for manchego without the bat of an eyelash which was really nice.    My favorite part of Flower Child is the fresh lemonade that comes in seasonal flavors and the delicious fresh brewed Iced Tea. I'm a sucker for a good Arnold Palmer and I love being to make my own and come back for unlimited refills. If  you're looking for a casual healthy dining experience in the Arcadia area I would recommend checking out Flower Child.
4 This restaurant is amazing! You must try it if you are a fan of healthy eating! There is an option for everyone! The Fox restaurants are my favorite and I love True Food but this might be a close second! The wait time was much easier because you order at a counter and you do not have to wait for a table!
5 Flower Child, you healthy little hipster joint, you!  I can't chide this lovely addition to the Fox Concept Restaurants. Especially considering the number of times I've been here even though it's not exactly a quick drive.  The flying avocado wrap is completely worth it. Flavor combination is perfect in this wrap, and it's a cool meal given the gross heat of this state. Seating is ample, but this place has received plenty of attention so be aware during peak hours.  Their lemonades are divine, but the real winner is the kombucha they have on tap. I get one with every meal.  As mentioned above, it is very much a hipster place, and the decor matches, but I'm in love with the mural they have near the restrooms.
5 If we were going off my personal opinion on the taste of food alone, I would probably only designate four stars.  BUT, this is the only place where the kid meal comes with broccoli (or roasted veggies, kale/apple slaw, you get to decide...).  If I cook broccoli sprinkled with Parmesan at home, my kids will push it around on their plate.  But at Flower Child, I caught them fighting over the last piece of broccoli.  So Bravo, Flower Child. Nicely done.  I took my husband here as well and he got the Flying Avocado, which is a burrito with avocado. But it's not like a mammoth man-size Chipotle burrito, it is a normal burrito, representing a generous yet practical and digestible serving size.  I appreciate the lack of fried food and a fresh option outside of the AJ's salad bar. Because lets face it, AJ's is cool but their salad bar is no Whole Foods, except in price.  The only thing I do not like about the chicken-nugget-less kid meals are the enormous drinking cups that they come with.  The options for filling these cups (outside of water) are a variety of teas (caffeine!) and lemonades (sugar!)  Everything in moderation so I recommend watering down the lemonade for kids, and maybe even adults, if you do not like things coyingly sweet.  What I wanted to touch on (because I doubt anyone else will take it there) is the bathroom mirrors.  I am not saying they are bad, or saying they are good, I am just saying that it is always an interesting sight to be facing a full length mirror while you use the restroom.  My daughter was especially intrigued by this and very determined to watch herself go in as many ways as possible.    So far I have tried the steak, pho, and a variety of side dishes - everything is tasty and if my man-size-burrito loving husband enjoyed it, I would say there is something there for any type of eater.  Except for those who only eat french fries.
5 I came today on my lunch and oh my gosh!!! This restaurant is to DIE FOR!!!! Organic everything. Even the ketchup! KETCHUP!!!! Love that they had the vegan ORGANIC pho! I'm getting that next time, this time I had the hummus and the pita bread! I love that the pita bread is so thin! It was awesome! The tea and my hummus were a perfect lunch! And, the service was perfection!!!!
3 I would give this place 4 or 5 stars for the food - if it was priced appropriately. Unfortunately, it's a little on the steep side.  I ordered the sesame beef bowl with no rice (4 hour body nonsense), a glass of red wine, and a side of the simple hummus. My boyfriend ordered the same bowl, a side of broccoli, and a small black tea. Our total without tip was $57.00.   The part that bothers me isn't really the price. I have more expensive meals than this all the time. The issue is that these are sit-down restaurant prices for a "fast-food" experience. You order your food at the counter, get a number, and from that point on the only human interaction you have with an employee is someone dropping off the food and taking your number away. I get literally twice the food with the same customer experience for half the price at Chop Shop, so I just really don't get it.  I will say the food was very tasty once we got it. I finished literally every last bite on my plate before leaving, so I did leave satisfied. So just to recap, my 3 star rating is summed by the following:  Service (the little they had) - 5 stars Quality of food - 4 stars Prices for what you get - 1 star  Average star rating - 3.33  So there you have it folks! The method to my madness. This place, as Yelp suggests in the star ratings, is not great, not terrible, just okay. A solid "good."
4 I love the ambiance and the service.  I especially love that vegan options are specified on the menu, so it's easy to dine there with my meat-eating friends.   The food is good, my favorite is the veg out wrap and the red chili glazed sweet potato (I love sweet and savory foods).  I'll be back to try the complete menu and ill update my review accordingly.
5 This will be an Arcadia staple in no time.    Excellent, healthy food.  Tons of mix and match options.  I had the pho (and substituted chicken for tofu).  It was delicious.  Beautiful space.  Looks gorgeous inside.  Really tasty lemonade and tea made in house.    To think that this was the Blockbuster where I rented DVDs in a time not so remote.  The world moves...
