5 Just opened in the Scottsdale Quarter! Excellent! Don't miss the truffle fries and/or the zucchini fries, plenty to share one order and they are on the happy hour menu! Had the Ahi Tuna salad, great and the Breakfast Burger, swapped out American for Cheddar, it was superb. Great neighborhood find.
5 The Chuck Norris burger is insanely good as are green chili fries. My wife ordered a plain and simple cheeseburger with plain and simple fries and it was plain and simple delicious !  Highly recommend- great service and food cooked perfectly   You gotta hit this place in the Scottsdale Quarter -
2 Underwhelming at best.  I'm really trying to give Fox Restaurants an honest shot, because I really do want a local business to succeed. But sadly there really is just nothing extraordinary about the burgers here.  I wish I would've blown the calories on a double double from In-N-Out.  And you certainly shouldn't come here for the drinks.  Bartenders seem blindsided by pouring beer and wine, and the cocktail list is vodka-fantastic...par for the course in north Scottsdale.  I would suggest driving the extra 20 minutes to Delux.
5 Hands down the best burger and fries that we've ever had! We were starving when we came here and Zin Burger definitely delivered! We shared their loaded, truffle, and green chile fries with another couple and each one was incredible! Our favorite was the green Chile and loaded fries because their queso sauce is amazing. Then our server told us about their burger of the week, the Chuck Norris burger, which has won awards. It has Kobe beef, onion rings, applewood smoked bacon, ranch coleslaw, some incredible cheese, mayo, and barbeque sauce. We had to get it and were so glad that we did....this burger was amazing!!! We loved every single thing about this place and cannot wait to go back! You will not be disappointed!
1 The people in charge of opening this place have no clue what they're doing. We came in on Sunday evening. There were several, several tables open both inside and outside but we were quoted a 30 minute wait because the kitchen was backed up. At 45 minutes, still with several tables open, they still weren't sure when they could seat us. It didn't help the receptionists were approx. 15 years old, unprofessional, and clueless. I will be boycotting this place for a while.
1 I was so excited when we saw this first opened in the Quarter. We ate there last night and they had plenty of staff, everyone was very friendly, and the food came quickly. Unfortunately though, that was not enough to compensate for the fact that I got food poisoning and was very ill all night...to the point where I had cancel plans for this evening as well.
2 Meat is fresh but fries are just average at best. Had to ask too many times for condiments. Go to 5 guys if u just want a burger.
5 I'm a huge fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts, and Zinburger is one of my favorites. I've been in twice since they opened in the Quarters. Both experiences were great! I LOVE the zucchini fries and the turkey burger! The salads are always good--perfect balance of ingredients and dressing. Great service. Really friendly staff!
4 REALLY good burger and milkshake! Cold beer with great service at the bar!!!  So glad they are in the Quarter now!
3 Upon entering, one of the waitresses talked me into their burger of the week, The Jalapeno Popper Burger. I was excited to try this with high expectations after trying a similar burger at The Saddle Ranch (now closed).   The burger it's self was better than what I've tasted before but didn't meet my complete expectations. For starters, there was barely any jalapenoes on it. I counted four slices, very lightly breaded. When i tasted them, they were duds, no spice to it at all. The cream cheese that was on it was a bit too overkill, taking over the flavor of the entire burger, over powering the flavor of the chipotle mayo.   The good part about it is the general foundation of the burger. The meat was tasty, well seasoned, and cooked to my liking (ordered medium well). The bun was nice and fluffy, and complimented the burger well along with the common toppings (lettuce, etc.)  Overall, they have a good start but needs a bit of work.
4 I love the Zinburger on Camelback at the Biltmore and am really glad this one at the Scottsdale Quarter opened up. Once again, I had the turkey burger, but this time with a side of the sweet potato fries. I'm a huge fan of turkey over beef; not that I dislike beef. It makes feel satiated and not overstuffed. The sweet potato fries were good. I prefer baked over fried though, but I still recommend them. I love the casual / fine-dining atmosphere. I love how the restaurant feels really opened-up because of the natural light that's allowed in through all the windows and how there aren't any imposing walls to make you feel boxed in. On my first visit, I didn't realize there was outside seating as well. It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I really prefer sitting outside. Sure enough on my way out, that's when I see there's an area a few feet removed from the restaurant for Zinburger diners. The surroundings are really nice because it's the Scottsdale Quarter afterall and the water fountain is right beside it.
5 Just had the Farm salad and the prickly pear margarita... Super impressed! Great friendly service, great energy, wonderful food. I will be back!
3 Saturday lunch here at Scottsdale Quarter was very busy. Tons of kids and very noisy atmosphere in the main room. Had the Zinburger.  It was a good size burger and very filling. The carmelized onions are good but wish it had a bit more veggies. Could use some kick, should have asked for some siracha. Wife had the wedge salad which oddly wasn't a typical wedge in the it was chopped up. She enjoyed it so thumbs up there. Everyone raves about the green chili fires so we shared an order. It is basically fries with some chopped green chilies sprinkled over it and some type of sauce on it. Good but not earth shattering. Service was good but overall nothing to bring me back. Perhaps I need to try something different.
2 I rate them so low due to several issues experienced in one visit with service of the kitchen and staff.  The food quality was excellent, however the experience could be attributed to numerous scenarios such as a new restaurant, kitchen, food runners, or servers all culminating in this less than ideal experience.  I do credit the manager with taking steps to correct the experience only after I had to ask for the manager to visit the table a second time.  Let me explain...  Lunchtime service there is a zoo.  They're in a great location and they have a good reputation for a quality product.  This was my first visit with a co-worker.  Service took a little longer to visit the table and get our drink order but that's not a major issue for me, since it was busy.  I went with the Zinburger with kobe beef and zucchini fries.  Some of the questions I was getting from the server gave me the impression she was new, and I asked her to confirm that she got the Kobe beef upcharge for my burger.  My dinning buddy ordered a regular burger with truffle fries.  The burgers took some time to get out, most likely due to how busy they were.  As we noticed tables around us getting their burgers we figured we were next.  Then the table that sat and ordered after us got their order and I felt a mistake was made. Then the truffle fries were dropped off at our table, with nothing else. The food runner dropped food off at the wrong table and never confirmed the order with the guests.  That was our order.  Shortly after the server came by and realized the issue I had already discovered.  She apologized for the confusion and the manager came by to apologize for the issue as well.  Our order was remade and delivered.  My burger was overcooked but it was still delicious.  The quality of product is very good.  My zucchini fries were seasoned and breaded nicely but I would have preferred them a little more crispy on the batter.  I informed the server that my burger wasn't cooked correctly and showed her and she agreed claiming to inform the manager.  I wasn't about to send this burger back because I was teetering on hangryness.  Once the check came out they comped my burger, which I noticed didn't contain my upcharge for kobe.  So I ate a non-kobe burger after I specifically asked, and checked that it was included?  Additionally, I was not thrilled that they were insulting me by asking us to pay for the other items.  So I had to request the manager again and after I pointed out the lateness of the food and the incorrect burger and it being overcooked she said she would comp the entire meal.  That was the correct course of action in my opinion however I should have never had to request to speak to the manager a second time. We did leave +20% tip in cash and I hope this proves to be a good learning and training experience for them.  I think this will be a great spot for burgers but maybe they still need to figure out their logistics. I still want to try that Kobe burger but may need to wait on a day they won't be busy in a lunch rush and they've worked out their kinks.
5 The burgers are definitely worth every penny! My wife and I went there for lunch today, and we loved everything about the place. My wife had the zin burger which was good, and I had the (insert some amazing name since I forgot) with A1 sauce and bacon which was absolutely to die for. The one thing that I'll go back for is the Double Truffle Fries! They were the BEST!
2 Only because I know the food is good that I give it 2 stars, but otherwise the service is absolutely horrendous.  I won't be coming back, cause the food isn't good enough to excuse the poor service
4 We are big fans of Fox restaurants and Zinburger is no exception. The new location in the Scottsdale Quarter met our expectations as usual. We started out with the fried zucchini with parmesan dipped in ranch. We are fairly health conscious so don't eat a lot of fried foods but these were worth the indulgence. Our entree was the kobe beef burger with manchego cheese and carmelized onion. We agree this burger is the best burger we have had ANYWHERE. It's an extra $5.00 to have it made with american style Kobe beef but soooo worth it. We shared a basket of hand cut fries that were delish. Topped off our meal with a Banana cream pie. Zinburger's desserts are mostly just a nice variety of milkshakes but they offer two types of pies, chocolate and banana. This is not like your momma's banana pie. Fantabulous! We shall return.
4 Good Burgers and Friendly service. Truffle Fries were good. Milkshakes were good.  A bit pricey and make sure you order light sauce if you don't want your burger soggy. Quality of food was good and all tasted good.  Great potential!
5 I'm not sure what the complaints are about. The staff was exceptionally kind during my visit. I think just about every person working came up to me at some point during my meal and asked if everything was okay or if I needed anything. Service-wise, they rank very high.  I ordered their truffle fries. Those were spectacular. It's not often you go to a restaurant and rave about the fries, but these fries deserve an applause, as does the sauce that comes with them. Oh, and I also got the Plain and Simple burger. This was good, and it was simple (mustard, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato), but sometimes simple works just fine.   Good Happy Hour, friendly staff, good experience.
3 The food is good. The service is meh. I  came with my older godparents and 2 year old son. They have a great deal in the summer for kids meals at $3 which sounded good but the waitress forgot that drinks were included until I read the fine print and asked her for a drink after we received his cheeseburger. No apology just an "ok". Ok, no biggie. My son didn't like his cheeseburger because he's picky so I stopped the waitress to order something else (grilled cheese) which he also didn't like but that's another story. She said ok but didn't offer to take it off the bill since my son didn't like it... ok no biggie either I guess. I don't mind paying for 2 kids meals it's just usually courtesy to offer to take it off the bill if a customer doesn't like it (even if he is 2). The fries that came with the burger were cold, soft and under salted but 10 minutes later the fries with the grilled cheese were crispy and excellent. Weird. All of our burgers were really good, I will definitely give them that! I ordered the Zinburger which was great and we split the sweet potato fries which were also good. I do not believe a lunch like this is worth a little over $55 after tip but that's just me. The service wasn't bad... just could definitely be better!
5 One of the top burger joints in the valley.  Trendy new location that is in a prime spot. I strongly recommend the Breakfast Burger...bacon, cheese, fried egg , and avocado...freakn amazing. Top it off with a Four Peaks Kiltlifter.
3 I heard about Zinburger from a few friends and thought Id try it out. The waitress was nice and she knew what she was talking about. Their was a lot to choose from on the menu. Especially the shakes & malts. So my friends and I order practically the same thing. Breakfast burger with American cheese & no onions. The food came out fast and it was hot. Keep in mind, if you order a burger it doesn't come with fries. It was just 3 of us and we ordered the sweet potatoes fries which costed $5. To me, that's a lot for fries. It wasn't even a big portion it was just a little. I feel like fries should already be on the plate with the burger. Our water glasses were empty for a good amount of time. So I had to thirst for a while. Once we finished out lunch, it was shake time. My friends got the banana shake and i got a strawberry shake. It was so good! But again it was $5. The shake wasn't overrated to where it needs to be $5. It was a typical shake so I wouldn't be too crazy about it. The bill came out to be about $60 before tip. My table left about a $6 dollar tip and the waitress complained about it. It wasn't a fantastic tip but to me that's acceptable from a table of 3.
