5 Chandler real estate agent? Greg is the best in the business! I have known Greg for several years and he has consistently been in the top 1% of all Realtors in all of Phoenix. Great is a great Chandler Realtor, Gilbert Realtor and knows investments like no other Realtor I know. He has a BS in finance from The University of San Diego, a former VP for Bank of America and owns over a dozen of his own investment homes. Greg has "skin in the game". Greg is one of the few if not the only Realtor that I know who will turn down a listing if he believes the seller is not consistent with the market and the appraisal. If anyone is looking for investments in San Tan Valley, Maricopa AZ, or Gold Canyon he is the best agent bar none. He also does a great job on regular buy and sell transactions.
5 I just purchased my second home with Greg which was just as fun and productive as purchasing my first home with him! Greg both helps you find listings and supports any you find yourself and that flexibility makes the home-buying process so much less stressful. He has an amazing understanding of the Phoenix market and neighborhoods and knows when to move fast and how to negotiate with sellers. I am terrible at finding great deals for myself but I felt so good about the deal he negotiated for me that I'm still smiling about it, weeks later! And I think he may have been more excited about my home than even I was! I trust Greg's advice and experiences implicitly and am so grateful for his service and knowledge. I love my new home and would recommend him to anyone!
5 Greg is a unique agent because he truly CARES about his clients and their interests. He is honest, hard working, very professional and extremely knowledgeable of the market and real estate industry. Greg provides great advice through research and has excellent negotiation skills. Greg also uses amazing software that makes it extremely easy for basic computer users to automate what previously took a great deal of time in the home buying and selling process. He is a real pleasure to work with, he did a great job and sold our home very fast and for top dollar!  Todd & Debbie Hicks, Gilbert, AZ
5 This was the first house I bought on my own and Greg made the whole experience very easy. He was always punctual and flexible in his availability to look at houses. And we looked at quite a few houses! All the while Greg was very helpful in guiding me through making some changes to my budget and the locations in which I was searching, giving me advice on what I can compromise on. After doing some shopping on my own, Greg also connected me to a mortgage broker and I got an excellent financing deal! As we looked at houses he was knowledgeable about the listing agents and had a strategy on how he might work with each agent. Through the offer process Greg was a great advocate for me, partnering with the seller's agent to negotiate a price and ensure repairs were completed. Greg has a lot of experience in the Phoenix real estate market, is a part of the community of realtors and had a wealth of information and referrals for all kinds of resources. I highly recommend him and will definitely work with him again!
