5 Just got my truck worked on today, they gave me an excellent price, and it was superrrr quick. The best part though, was the atmosphere and hospitality they showed towards me while I was waiting. They are just good people, and Im Definitely going back! (If something else breaks that is..-.-)
5 I've never liked dealing with car stuff, especially because it's so expensive to get them fixed. But I'm so grateful I found this gem because now all my car worries are relieved!   Terry, the owner, is the most honest and trustworthy mechanic I've ever had the pleasure to meet (& I've taken my car to many different places) he helped with fixing my car to pass emissions (finally it passed, yay!) he's very reasonable with prices and tells it like it is when it comes to what's wrong with your car (which I love because a lot of mechanics try to add things on to jack prices up, or at least that's what I've dealt with in past experiences) his wife and daughter are so friendly and kept me occupied with good conversation while I waited. I also like that it's family owned. I love supporting family owned companies, I feel like they are more genuine than chain establishments are.   I'll definitely be going back when my car decides to act up again. (It's a 94 Toyota Camry, so who knows when it will need some more work next!)
5 Terry the owner is awesome!  And I hate dealing with car repair places.  I got Terry's information from a friend and WOW!  The service, the price - quick turnarounds.  Max Automotive is definitely the best place I've been to in 44 years.  They are honest and truly a pleasure to deal with.  I've told friends/family and even people I've heard talking about car repairs to go there.  If you want reliable, quality service at a good price - you can't beat Terry and Max Automotive.
5 This place is simply amazing.  As a woman who doesn't know much about cars, I was told about Terry from a co-worker who used him before he opened up his own shop.  My Lexus needed its 90K work done and I was shopping prices.  I usually go to the dealership and was quoted $1500.  Terry turned around a quote for me in 24 hours and was $400 less.  I finally brought my car in today and am beyond impressed with his professionalism and his walking me through everything he was doing.  He brought me back and he showed me where it was leaking, explained what he was doing, showed me the dirty filters and was just very impressive overall.  Very honest and upfront about pricing and what needed to be done vs what could wait.   An absolute pleasure to work with, I will be coming back for regular maintenance.  I would 100% refer him to anyone!!!  And a bigger plus is the dog Max hangs around and is super sweet if you decide to wait :)
