5 Love my nails! Patricia is very sweet. When you walk in, there are studios of other beauticians- Patricia is in her own suite (219) so you have your own personal nail salon in a sense!  Since you are the only person with her- she is very attentive to your needs- she played a movie that I wanted to watch during my gel pedicure and listened to relaxing music during my gel mani. Overall a very beautiful and relaxing experience.   50% off for new customers! So my bill for a gel mani and gel pedi was $40. Can't be beat!
5 Love my nails, Patricia does an amazing job!  I was looking for someone that can do nail designs and a gel manicure that would last more than a week! Looks like I found my new nail salon :) I liked that it was a salon for one and I was able to watch movies while getting pampered. If you want nail art you should definitely check out her photos and give her a try.
5 Patricia is wonderful. Her studio is clean and organized. She is thorough and professional. The experience was above my expectations.   I bought a Groupon deal in April to use for my best friend's birthday. We had to reschedule a few times, but Patricia was always patient with my scheduling changes.   The appointment day finally came and I was very impressed with the entire facility. Upon arrival, Patricia turned on a movie (Mama Mia). My friend Emily sat in a chair and we chit chatted for most of the visit with each other. Toward the last part of our visit, we got to know Patricia a little better and she is just so fun to talk to!   The pedicure Patricia did was so thorough and she actually fixed a problem with my big toe nails that I've lived with for years. She works very diligently and is professional the entire time. Clean, organized. I know I am repeating myself but I'm so impressed.   This was my first ever gel mani-pedi. I couldn't be happier and my friend Emily enjoyed hers as well: we even talked her into letting Patricia do a sweet little design on her nails.   I will most definitely be recommending Patricia to friends and returning to her every chance I get. She has many talents and can do a lot with nails: ANYTHING you can imagine, she can do!
5 Patricia was a real pro.  She's quite busy so I would recommend calling or texting her to make an appointment.  I had my gel mani removed and I texted her a picture of nails posted on her website and she was able to duplicate it.  The total cost was $60, but since I bought a $60 Yelp coupon for $30 I didn't pay anything extra except the tip.  I am very pleased with her work and recommend her highly!
5 I enjoy the private space. When you're there you're the only client. This makes for a nice relaxing experience. Patricia a lovely woman who is a pleasure to sit with. She makes sure I'm comfortable and always has fun stuff to watch on the tv while enjoying my service. Her prices are outstanding and her work is impeccable. If you love nail art then I don't think you can find anyone who does it better than Patricia. She is very creative and on top of all the latest trends. Her first time customer deal of 50% off is the best I've ever seen, so if you haven't tried her yet then get to it! You will definitely become a regular because she is amazing.
