1 Had Jimmy John's while I was in chicago and they were some of the best sandwiches I ever had, thought I'd try them out here. While the delivery was fast and free, the food we received was just awful. The bread was scooped out of our sandwiches when we specifically ordered it not to be, all that was there was basically crust, our sandwiches were missing ingredients, and lacked in what they actually remembered to put on. Waste of money, honestly. We will never be ordering from here again.
4 Good 8" subs, great tasting bread.  A touch expensive at almost $7 but noticeably better quality than Subway.  An army of workers will have your sub finished quickly.  I could see it getting packed in this small location hidden in the corner.  The parking lot is tight and packed as well.
2 In recent years I have been in love with Jimmy John's, but over the past two years or so their quality has gone downhill significantly. I was at this location recently and had a less then awesome experience.   First of all this is a tiny location! I had my child with me in the stroller and wasn't really able to navigate the shop very easily. You walk right into the registers to order and the drinks and bathroom and sandwich pick up are all in the back corner. I ordered three sandwiches and asked to have a side of avocado and cucumber for my baby to munch on while we enjoyed our lunch. I was told by the manager/ owner(not sure) that he does not buy containers to "keep his overhead down". Sure I understand but you should have a side option and charge a little extra (I wouldn't mind paying) for the little cup to appease the customer. Not having the option at all kind of bothered me. I finished ordering and waited for my sandwiches in the back corner. While I was waiting I watched them assemble my sandwiches. Basically they put three slices of meat on and then fill it to the brim with lettuce. I asked for avocado on one of my sandwiches but they put it on all. It wasn't really a problem because the amount of avocado was pretty pathetic! Every time I have been to JJ's I have asked for sauce and then asked for an extra side of sauce because it tastes good. Well since this place doesn't want to have happy customers and just want low overhead I had to eat my sandwich dry.   A few years ago JJ's was much better then Subway and Port of Subs, but today it isn't. Not sure I'll be back. If I'm in the area and want a sandwich I might have to.
4 I have never had JJ's until this one opened up. I have had quite a few times now and it's delicious. My goto sandwich shop now.
3 I have been to this location a few times and they have messed up my order twice now. One time they totally forgot to put lettuce on so it was so boring and gross with tomato and no lettuce. The next time they forgot to put the mayo and cheese on my daughters sandwich that she asked for. I think the food tastes good, but they are so focused on making your sandwich fast that they forget to make it right. I would rather wait the extra couple minutes. I will still go back but I am annoyed. On a positive note, the staff is always super friendly and will smile and talk to you. They just opened so hopefully they will iron out the kinks.
4 You know what? Jimmy John's makes a doggone good sandwich!! This sub shop opened near my job a little while ago, and I finally had the opportunity to try it out. My office sent me to place an order for 8 subs, which I came back to pick up a few hours later. JJ's had all of the orders correct and labeled with everyone's name. The employees were very friendly and polite, and the restaurant itself was spotless.   When I bit into my sub... WOW! The first thing I noticed was the delicious bread! I think I could have eaten just the bread and have been perfectly happy. The rest of the sub was just as good. The meat and fixings were fresh and tasty, and it wasn't skimpy at all. True, it might not be a foot long, but I thought it was a good value for the money.  The fact that they deliver is a bonus as well.  While I do prefer my sandwiches warm (I wish they offered that as an option), I was perfectly happy with my #11 from JJ's and will return!!
5 I work at the Red Rock across the street and decided to order a sub today for lunch. I was in a bit of a time crunch because I had to go on break by 3. I didn't call until 2:35 and the man in the phone assured me that it would be here on time so I placed my order. I ordered a number 4 with extra hot peppers which only came out to 6$. I was very happy with that. Because I work in the hotel it was kind of complicated to explain how to get to where I was.   When we got off the phone I got my money ready and expected it to take at least 20 minutes for the delivery. To my amazement, my sandwich was here in no time. I literally got my sandwich within 10 minutes of placing the order, and there was no difficulties finding where I was. Once I sat down to eat it I was also blown away. It's was absolutely delicious!   I am so pleased with Jimmy Johns and will be placing many more lunch orders in the future !
4 For a sandwich place I love Jimmy John's! This location in particular has really tight parking and no drive-through... However, if you're planning on going and sitting down to eat and the weather outside is nice, they have a good amount of outdoor chairs and tables with umbrellas. Sanwiches are really good-- I always order the Beach Club (#12) as is.  AND they really are freaky fast... My sandwich was ready before I could put my wallet back in my purse! -B
1 The WORST customer service I have ever experienced!! They delivered the wrong sandwich to my office and when I called and asked if they could please deliver the correct sandwich I was redirected to every employee that works there for them to tell me it was my fault. After 10 minutes and finally speaking to the manager and then the owner they agreed to deliver my sandwich. I waited 30 minutes and finally called to see if it was on the way and the owner had the nerve to tell me I did not make it clear that I wanted a new sandwich. The owner delivered my sandwich to my office and was very rude and raised his voice at me saying "next time you order you need to specify" I am still in complete shock over my experience. I will NEVER order from them again.
1 Was so excited to have a Jimmy Johns close to our house!  We've been big JJ fans for years. Needless to say, we were disappointed with this new location. They scoop the bread out& fill it with tons of lettuce. The amount of meat is ridiculously minimal. We also could not get a side of peppers due to overhead! Never heard of a sub restaurant being so CHEAP. Maybe they were saving up to buy the new patio furniture they put out in the new outdoor eating area. If this place wants to last in Summerlin they better get with the program & give the customers their money's worth.
2 As a relatively recent transplant from the Midwest, when I heard that a new Jimmy Johns had opened near our neighborhood I was positively thrilled.    We've dined at this location twice now and both times were pretty disappointing, but for different reasons.  The first time we went into the shop for take out.  Clearly the shop and staff were new, so we gave them a wide birth of forgiveness.  The young guy at the register tried to correct what we were ordering on all of our sandwiches, stating that he was, "just trying to save" us money.  That's great!  That's really lovely customer service there, but the sandwiches with his well meaning order changes were not at all what we wanted.  That said, we decided to give them another go...and that was today.  I called in a delivery order and yes, they lived up to their slogan, "Subs so fast, you'll freak!"  However, when we received our order, it was totally wrong.  Not like we received someone else's order wrong, no, as in the extras that we ordered and paid for were missing from all of the sandwiches.  I immediately called the store, mistakes happen, and when I told the staff what was wrong with our order, I could hear total chaos erupt in the background.  I clarified three times what was missing from our orders and finally I was assured that a new order would be on it's way.  Great!  Problem solved.   My terminally hangry nine year old told me he could not wait any longer, so I gave him the go ahead to dig in, figuring that he could have the sandwich he ordered for second lunch or an afternoon snack.  Significantly later than our first order, our new sandwiches arrived.  I thanked the driver and then he told me that he needed the original order.  What?  I have never had a restaurant do that before.  If you screw up an order, if you want repeat business, you comp it.  So, I gave the guy the old order, and my kiddo says..."what do you think they're going to do with it?  Ewwwwww."  Honestly, it made me wonder too. Oh, and the replacement order...?  It's still wrong. I highly doubt we will be back, and judging from the rating this franchise currently holds, not a lot of other guests will be either.  Bummer.
