5 So impressed! I had been living with my very sad cracked 5s for a little over 2 months & today I had finally had enough. I yelped iPhone screen repair & was all set to make the 20 min drive to a highly rated wireless store that did repairs sometime this weekend. Then the description for iCracked 2 reviews down caught my eye. A mobile company that came to me & fixed it within a reasonably short amount of time? Sounded good to me!  It didn't have any reviews yet but the service just sounded too good to pass up so I figured I at least needed to look into it.  I also figured they'd be a lot more expensive than other places considering they came to me, So I really just wanted to get a quote. The process was simple, I inputted my name, cell#, zip code, phone make & model & what problem needed fixing into their website & I was told I would hear from someone within minutes or up to a day or 2. I got an automatic text back letting me know my request was received & giving me the name & phone number of the tech that would be helping me.  Within a couple of minutes, Eric texted me asking how he could help. I told him I was interested in getting a quote for a screen repair on an iPhone 5s & he replied back saying that it would be $90 & that the repair would take about 20 minutes. I was ecstatic! That was better than most groupon deals I've seen & super fast. I asked if he had appt times today & he said he did. I scheduled it for 4:30 & he was done in a little over 20 minutes, just like he promised! I'm still recovering from a nasty cold so my husband was the one to let him in & chatted with him while he did the repair & he said he was one of the nicest, most engaging young men he's talked to in a while! Top notch all the way around & although I hope we won't have to use the service again, I definitely know who we'll call if we do!
1 I left my contact info on their website today for a quote. I did receive a text message from someone named Eric Nyugen asking how he could help me. I told him I had an IPhone 5c with a broken screen that I needed repaired and was trying to find out how much they charged. I even included a photo of the phone and the damage to assist them in providing an accurate quote. That was at 12:42pm today; it is now 8:18pm and I have received no acknowledgment of my text, no further information... Nothing from this person... I would not recommend this company based on this negative correspondence and poor customer service.. I see no reason for the non response unless he was in a car accident or some other tragic event occurred (god forbid).. Regardless someone from the company should have continued to correspond with me as a business.
5 I'm also VERY impressed!!!! I have a seven month old baby and I can't really go anywhere and wait for hours. I thought it was interesting that this company would come to your house and do the service without any extra cost. I was a little scared to have someone come to my house specially when my husband was at work but I did anyways LOL!!! Eric came over, he was very professional and the service was amazing. I couldn't be any happier!!!! He was out in 20 minutes. It was nice to stay at home with my baby and get my phone fixed that fast. Thumbs up for sure!!!!
5 Eric is our to go guy here at Mercedes Benz of Henderson, great service , hes quick and price is fair !!!
5 So very very happy with the service. I didn't have a lot of time to get my phone repaired as I work on my phone as well as use it for personal. I had a meeting setup within a few minutes of contacting Eric and was able to get my screen fixed the next day. Within fifteen minutes, my phone was fixed and flawless of cracks. Amazing and fast service- friendly and flexible staffing (: thank you for fixing my life-line Eric!!!
5 Dealt with a gentlemen named Eric. Very chill and honest guy. I went to him for my girlfriends iPhone 5 screen repair. Not only was it cracked, the LCD behind it cracked so the screen looked like a rainbow. Eric fixed my girlfriends phone with no problem at all. Give this guy a chance if you need the work done. Fair price.
