4 They are a little more expensive but the rolls are a good size. The jumping rice was enough to share. Take out is a plus.
5 A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! First I must say the rolls were amazing! The best I ever had in Las Vegas.  Secondly the staff were friendly and very attentive. I'm in love with jumping rice~
5 Excellent spicy basil fried rice and dragon rolls!!( trust me there are very few places that makes it right)   Definitely a regular place for dinner take-out!  Portions are huge.   Staff members were very nice to bring food.
3 I love the ambiance and decor of this place, customer service is also excellent! It's basically a fast food sushi place, with upscale amenities. Am not too fond of the price though, it is a little bit pricey... The food was ok, the pork belly jumping rice bowl was actually pretty good... I will probably come back, i just wish they had something on the menu that would make my mouth water...
5 I are here yesterday and had to come back today .. It's yummy healthy fresh food ! The place is super clean and the people are very helpful and nice .. It will be one of my favorites now .
5 Great sushi and great fried rice. Customer service was very good which I don't typically find here in Las vegas. The girls at the counter were SOOO friendly and helpful! I really enjoyed the food and the place was very clean and nicely decorated. Great place for quick Asian food as you order at the counter rather than waiting for a server. LOVED IT!
4 Love having new places to eat. Food was good. Service was fast and helpful.  A bit overprice. Overall - a good experience.
5 My new dinner take out destination!!! Love their specialty rolls and fried rice! Crab jumping rice is my favorite! Love how they make our daughter's mini chicken jumping rice without any seasoning per request and with fresh ingredients only for $5! :)
5 Delicious! Found this awesome gem and will definitely come again! New addiction!! A must-go!! :)
5 Great place that is not to far from home.  Sushi rolls are at a great prove and made fresh. We did our fresh test and changed up ingredients.  Dynamite bowl, spider roll,  and crab jumping noodles were great. .. must try.
4 Loved this place! Not exactly a fresh, nor unique concept, but the food was good and appropriately priced.  We shared several rolls and a spicy fried rice dish. I like spice and can handle a lot of hear, and the fried rice packed a punch! I really enjoyed it. A touch heavy on the oil, but not a big deal.  The sushi rolls were good too. Fresh, well-rolled and a nice sized portion.  Service staff was super-friendly. Just note that its a combo of counter-service with table-service. Not a problem, but I was expecting a full-on sit down meal.   I will most certainly return.
5 Fresh food-reasonable priced-great service. OK. This is funny. We rolled into the parking lot on our way to try out 5Guys Burgers. On our way from the car we spotted this place and peered in the window. It wasn't busy, but we wondered in and they were awesome. My gluten free friend got the Pineapple Seafood-gluten free, and it was sooo tastey. Even the pineapple chunks were cut from fresh pineapple. I got the Ninja Tuna Roll and a brown rice veggie bowl. Talk about fresh spicy tuna roll with more fresh  tuna sliced on top. Best tuna Roll I've ever eaten. There's something beautiful about brown rice topped with perfectly stir fried Fresh veggies, and this place was on point!   The menu is large enough to satisfy a wide range of taste buds!
5 This place is AWESOME. Is it Korean owned? A lot of workers were speaking Korean when I went there and that only adds to its awesomeness. Lol We ordered the Crab Fried Rice, The Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, and the Screaming O Salad to go. It was all delicious but the Crab Fried Rice was really something else! It was exceptionally good with big chunks of real crab. I can't wait to come back and order that again and try some of their other menu items. Their sushi rolls looked really good too!   Also, is really nice inside if you decide to dine in!
4 Not exactly a hole in the wall but I took a chance on this place. So lets be quick. Went out for burgers but stopped here instead. I have no regrets. The mayo chicken rice bowl and the sashimi salad filled up me and my GF up came out to around $26 with two drinks. The fish was fresh and melts in your mouth as any fresh sashimi should. The Mayo chicken bowl was delicious, as if i was eating chicken katsu bites with a tangy sweet twist to it.
4 My review:  Food was fresh and fast and service was great.  Easy and casual, order and sit. Nothing too original. Rice and rolls as name suggests, but also noodles.   His review:  The noodles are REALLY good. I loved them. We had beef. Also, the bathrooms are really clean and not just for an Asian place!
5 I've only gone there once so far for take out and the quality of the food is pretty good. I ordered a chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies. It was better than teriyaki madness, yogi's, and samurai sam. They give you lots of meat and the chicken wasn't dry at all. (Teriyaki madness always gets your white meat over cooked) I haven't tried any of their rolls or jumping rice dishes but from what I saw at the tables, it looks really good. My friend ordered the spicy basil jumping rice and he said it was yummy. Try this place out of you're tired of going to samurai sam and all the other teriyaki places.
5 Quality fast food Japanese restaurant at a great price. The hardest part is deciding what to order because everything looks, sounds and tastes delicious! If you want fine-dining Japanese food without the pretentiousness, then I suggest you stop by here.
3 I find myself in total agreement with Mai on this one.   It's a great atmosphere, but basically, it's Americanized Korean food.   My Korean wife ordered the Kim Chie Rice with Pork. One of the girls looked at her and asked her, "Have you ever had Kim Chie before."  That was a bad omen.  My wife and I agreed that you could not taste the Kim Chie in the food. It tasted decent, and that is why we give it 3 stars.   Bottom line: Good for a take out or quick lunch, but someone has to pay for the expensive remodel, and it is the Customers. It is very overpriced compare to other Korean places that offer better food.
4 Talk about some FRIED RICE action!!! I had this place bookmarked for sometime now and wish never took me this long too check Jumping Rice & Rolls out. At first thinking about the name sounds rather corny or catchy so had no expectations. What I did find was reasonable price korean/japanese food for lunch. Interior design that really nice really modern (reminded me little bit of Yonaka) look not just plain walls and feel like in more upscale restaurant. The menu is pretty straight forward with your standard sushi rolls, nigiri, sides/appetizers. The star of the show for me was the jumping rice section. Maybe jumping for the spicy level not that all of them are spicy. Each one comes with your selection of protein for the Indonesia Jumping Rice had choice of chicken, shrimp, or think beef was the third option. I opted for the chicken. I wanted too try more of the menu since it was my first time went with Calamari Tempura.   The Calamari Tempura was awesome. The thing stood out most is the calamari was not  ring cuts of squid but nice whole piece not thin either. So the inside was nothing but calamari bliss. You had the tempura batter that was so on point. It was flaky, nice even coating all around, and most of all not greasy. On the inside nice thicker cut of calamari cooked perfect, lightly seasoned, and moist. Dipping sauce brought it all together. Great first course.  I had the Indonesia Jumping Rice. Forgot too mention not only protein get choice of rice from white, jasmine, or brown rice. Jumping Rice & Rolls does have some healthy options on the menu. The rice I was surprise at the portion size.  I thought was good size. You added the protein again nice size portion talk about full lunch. Yay!    No doubt plan on coming back trying more of the Jumping Rice section. Kim Chee fried rice is my favorite kind and few more fried rices that want too try. The sushi not sure about but the pictures looking good. No doubt for me it all about the fried rice next visit and probably the next one and so forth. Not many places I can think of serve good fried rice more less here you have options. It affordable price and nice atmosphere kick back enjoy your meal. The service is awesome friendly, helpful, and check on you make sure things are going well.
2 I went for a late lunch on Saturday, no other patrons. Hmmm. Interesting. My confidence for stopping in, between errands, was waning. But, nice decor. New and clean. Counter Service. 2 Asian gals in charge at the counter.  Based on their recommendation, I ordered the spicy basil fried rice (jumping rice) with chicken. The portion was a good size but for $12 I think it should be. I'm not sure that I've ever paid $12 for chicken basil fried rice even at a trendy Thai restaurant in San Francisco.  I think the flavor was great albeit spicy (so not for everyone). It includes finely chopped fresh veggies, and large and smaller pieces of chicken, basil and many chili peppers (that I picked out and did not eat because there was plenty of spice going, no need to eat them). I ate about 1/3. But got to, and bit into, a large piece of chicken, that was not cooked all the way through. I spit it out. I used my fork to cut into another large piece. It wasn't cooked through either. The smaller pieces were though. I ate those. I took the remaining rice to go. I did not complain, because I knew when I warmed it up for a snack later, the chicken pieces would cook through. I ate leftovers later that evening. After 60 seconds in microwave, all was good.  Will I go back? Probably not because for the money there are many other good Asian places.
3 I ordered the crab fried rice and my friend had the kim chee fried rice. They were both good but the price wasn't. I thought it was a little too high.
5 So freakin yummy!! We had the Shrimp Tornado, Volcano, and California Roll. All were amazing and I was shocked at the California Roll's awesome flavor and texture. That's usually a 'gimme' type of roll but this one rocked! Also ordered a bowl of white rice for my 2yo and it was really yummy and fresh! Will definitely be coming back!
5 Food is DELICIOUS!  I had the crab jumping rice along with the salmon blossom. I ate the entire thing ! I can't wait till tomorrow so i can come back and try something different.
5 I couldn't resist coming here to eat after I was running an errand in the same shopping center. I ordered the Rolley Rice Bowl. It was like a big sushi roll ! It tasted really fresh! I also ordered the calamari which was crunchy and plentiful.  When I first placed my order I didn't think it would be enough because I thought the portions would be small . It was more than enough to make me full.   I ate my meal there solo. The atmosphere was peaceful and relaxing. The customer service was great ! I was checked on often to make sure I was doing okay and if I needed any refills.
4 Been here twice so far.  Food is pretty good and service is quick and friendly.  Definitely a nice place if you're in the mood for some good Asian food.  Can get a bit pricey unless you know what you're getting, but worth it.
