4 nice and small family run restaurant with great food you can eat in or they have fast delivery everything we tried has been really good and with enough leftover for another meal
4 Noticed this place was open the other day and thought I would give it a try . . . especially since I was in the mood for some Chinese food.  Being new . . . the place was clean . . . and unlike a lot of other restaurants . . . you can actually see the entire kitchen while they are preparing you food.  The food . . . I ordered of the lunch menu . . . I got mine to take out . . . and it was still hot and delicious when I got back to the office.  Here is my problem . . . and the reason they lost a star . . . if you dine in with the lunch menu, you get soup and fried won ton . . . if you get the meal to take out . . . no soup or won tons . . . I guess next time I will have to try dining in.  And yes . . . there will definitely be another trip . . .
4 Based on my first trip, Beijing Express is very good.  Mongolian beef and General Tso's chicken and dumplings were all better than the same offerings by other Chinese in the area.  They gave me a lunch special price on a Sunday at 3:03pm, which was very appreciated.  The portion sizes are substantial, the vegetables in the Mongolian beef were fresh and plentiful.  The location is clean, and they deliver which is awesome.  It's nothing ground breaking, but it is now my go-to Chinese place.  Keep up the good work!
4 Great little local Chinese restaurant. I called and asked if they had an online menu and they don't, but Rita graciously emailed me photos of the menu.  The food was fresh and tasty. I was told 45 min for delivery and they showed up within 15 minutes.
4 Make no mistake, this isn't fine dining, nor is it authentic Chinese food. Beijing Express excels in your typical Americanized Chinese fast food, with old stand bys such as General Tso's chicken and chop suey. We stopped by for an eat-in experience, and browsed through the menu before deciding on kung pao chicken, eggplant in garlic sauce, and tofu with broccoli. Service was friendly, fast, and efficient as our order was prepared and served in near record time.   I appreciated that we were served a little bag of crispy wonton strips with sweet and sour sauce, with some egg drop soup. The soup was piping hot and a generous portion. When our meals came out, they were a heaping portion on the styrofoam plate, with plenty of rice to go with it. The kung pao chicken had a nice heat to it, from the added mixture of whole dried red chilis, while the eggplant and tofu had more of a sweet brown sauce. While our food tasted fresh and flavorful, make no mistake this isn't in any way healthy, as the sauces were an unctuous mixture, glistening with oil.   There were plenty of leftovers to take back from ordering 3 dishes for just the two of us. Each dish was under $10, most of them hovering around the $7 range. They do not have a soda fountain, and all drinks are by the bottle.  Generally, if you are craving some fast food Chinese, this is definitely a good option for price, freshness, and quantity.
1 Eww. This place tastes like old feet. I got the teriyaki chicken, crab wontons, and chicken fries rice. I will make the drive to pei Wei next time. Gross.
5 The best chinese food I have had in a very long time!!! Service is great as well, always friendly!
4 I got a flyer from this place in the mail. I am a little bit picky so I did not know if I would try them or not. But, out driving around on my way home, I saw it and decided to stop here. First impressions. Very clean, Staff is helpful, not too high priced. Lots of choices. We got our order to go. Ordered both items with brown rice. You have 3 choices, white rice, brown rice, or pork fried rice. We got the Kung Pow Shrimp and the Beef and Broc. Both were good , although the rice could of been a little more cooked than it was. We also got Crab puffs, very good price and not bad. They were honest as well and told us right away it was imataion crab. I wanted to wash my hands while we waited, but there is no public restroom in the shop/ I always think that makes it tough for a restaraunt to be truly enjoyed.  Place is very clean and they even have cold water for you to drink while you wait for your order. The deliver also with a $15.00 min. purchase. Which is not hard to do.
4 I pass this place on my way home from work and decided to try it, after reading reviews on Yelp naturally. Took it to go. I can't tell you how many places I've tried to find what I think of as good egg foo young and egg rolls. I'm originally from the Midwest and the Chinese food is done differently back there. I have to say this is the best egg foo young and egg rolls I've had since moving to AZ.  We also had fried shrimp, beef in garlic sauce and beef lo mein. All of which my husband loved. Beef fried rice was a little dry.  Other then that we were very pleased.  The staff was very pleasant. Will definitely go back. Also we got a free lite of soda with our order.
4 Delivery speed: 10. Friendliness: 10. Food: 8. Will definitely order again since it's the best Chinese delivery food near me.
4 My boyfriend and I recently tried this place! We decided to give it a try one night after reading a couple of good reviews about it as it is super close to our house. That night we got the Pepper Beef and the Schezwan Beef and a couple of days later we went back for lunch! Both of us were definitely impressed. The restaurant is clean, the service is great, the prices are great, and the food is good! I'm definitely interested in seeing how their delivery service is! :)
