5 We arrived in the very late afternoon for an early dinner.  Basically there weren't any other customers,so we had the place to ourselves.  We were promptly greeted by the waitress and the cooking staff and seated.  We ordered our non alcoholic beverages, as they currently don't have their liquor license,being opened so recently.  We were brought homemade garlic bread that had very finely chopped fresh garlic on it.  This was a very surprising and delicious bread.  We then ordered our meals. Chicken Piccata for my wife, Stuffed Shells with Ricotta for our adult daughter, and Veal Milanese for myself.  They brought enormous portions of each, that were clearly homemade and delicious.  I frankly don't understand how their prices were so low.  The veal was very high quality and cooked to perfection.  We each tried the other's dish agreed that it was the best we'd had in years.   The location is in a small strip mall, located at the corner of Lone Mountain and Decatur and is a little hard to find seeing as they still don't have a permanent sign yet. Incidently, the location was packed by now with the early dinner crowd.  As of now, they still don't have much in the way of decoration up, but was more than made up for by the wait staff and cooks.  I have to emphasize that all the food was high quality, homemade Italian style cuisine.  Being originally from the east coast this was a pleasant surprise.  We hope to go back many times, hope they prosper.  This will be our "Go to place" from now on.  They take most major credit cards.  Get there early to avoid the rush, Bon Appetite !
5 We came in on a Friday, it's a mom and pops Resturant so not any tables and when it's busy everything seems fast paced.. We were seated and our waitress even though it was busy was very attentive to us, made us feel welcome, she gave us time with the menu and told us right away what the special was::  Salad was good, small but good, also the bread came out piping hot ( I love that )::  I could here them pounding my chicken Parmesan which was awesome! Made to order baby! Came out banging hot! And I ate every bit:: pasta was thick but good:: tomatoes pieces were thick and good... Give it a A :: grade family Italiano:: will be back for seconds :: hope the Chef does not change a Single thing::
5 What an excellent dinner we had, best chicken picata and my husband said his spaghetti and meatballs was the best he had ever eaten.They make their own bread and pasta everything is homemade.What a gold mine in our neighborhood.Will definitely be going there again.
