5 Nicely decorated and staff so friendly. Food very tasty! Great neighborhood location for the Islands neighbors. The bocce ball court is an added bonus that will be enjoyed by our friends for a long time.
4 More of a 3 1/2 but I'm feeling generous since they just opened.  This is another location of My Wine Cellar and the says MWC so don't let it confuse you.  Same place.  We went Saturday and enjoyed ourselves.  Ordered lettuce wraps with meatballs, Mac n Cheese, and we tried various wines by the glass.  I would say that the meatballs didn't taste homemade and several of us thought the same.  The server did a good job and was attentive.  We have friends that live around the corner and used to go to Wines Down Under often so they will be here all the time.  Good little place but I like Vintage, Postino Arcadia, Terrior, and other places a bit better.  Go check it out.
5 Glad to have an unpretentious and moderately upscale wine bar in our neighborhood. The food is far better than the last place and the decor is aesthetic. The mac and cheese was delic and the buffalo bites were a great compliment. None of these dishes came from a plastic bag or freezer. Made to order and Anne was a delightful server. This is going to be a great neighborhood spot and we will come here often. Oh, live music, acoustic was going on... pretty mellow and served as soft  background music..Good vibes.
5 Awesome wine bar with a cool laid back vibe. They have a unique wine selection and the food is all freshly made- even their deserts! We ate some homemade chocolate peanut butter truffles that were delicious.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the live music. I will definitely be coming back!
3 Here for our monthly book club last week. The service was good, and they have a good choice of brews for the non-wine drinker (like me). I ordered their bruschetta plate, and all choices were delicious. One of my friends had a problem though, she ordered a burger medium-well (with no pink in it), and it was served to her pretty raw. They were quick to apologize and send it back, however when she received it again it was still raw inside. The server explained they put the same burger back in to cook it more, so that was interesting because it didn't look any less pink inside. This time the cook came out to apologize and ask if she wanted a completely new burger. My friend ordered something else. I think they waived the bill, but I'm not sure.   Other than that, the prices were reasonable, service was attentive. I don't know if my friend would go back, but I would.
3 Decent experience here with good food.   I had a good burger and fries but my girlfriend had some bad mussels that made her sick. She sent them back after having a few,  but they were fishy and over cooked.   They substituted the mussels no problems and quickly made some great meat balls instead.     Bottom line:  don't get the mussels but other parts off the menu and venue are great.
5 I've been here several times since they opened a little over a month ago and have enjoyed each time. It's beautifully decorated, very comfortable, and a relaxing atmosphere. They have a tremendous wine list (something for everyone in every price range), delicious food and a friendly, knowledgeable staff ready to serve. I've enjoyed several different menu items and have liked them all. They always have different entree, appetizer and a dessert specials, so be sure to check the board. This neighborhood wine bar will definitely be one of my regular go-to places from now on.
5 came for the band, Notes from Neptune, and stayed for the wine, food, service and atmosphere! 2 thumbs up!
3 Nice spot. Really great atmosphere. Have some great specials on bottles of wine. We sampled several appetizers on our first visit, portions were a bit smaller than expected for the price; but good flavor. Plan on trying an entree next time.
5 Monday's are flight night ($10) with 80s music, feel free to dress 80s style!  I love what the owners have done with the space, it's romantic if you want it to be and great for groups with a separate space if you need it.  The servers are fun and friendly,  they know their wine.  The food is fantastic and it's great that they have gluten free options available.  Live music on the weekends, feel free to dance if the mood strikes you.  Highly recommend MWC Bistro
5 Great food, great staff, great atmosphere- the space has been completely redone. Marlene and staff were so friendly and welcoming. Ordered the bruschetta, pork balls, fries. Everything was delicious. Lots of specials everyday of the week! Live music every Friday and Saturday.
4 I went with a few friends on a Friday night. Anne was our server. She was very polite but seemed very nervous. She didn't know the wine list very well and all the items on the menu that said ask your server she didn't tell us about until we asked. I felt that was something she should have been up front about. Every one in our group ordered something different so we could all share and have the whole experience of this fun little new bistro. First we ordered 3 appetizers,  we got a cheese board which was very tasty, the homemade french fries were excellent and the fried calamari was also very nice. As our courses we ordered the bistro burger which was cooked to perfection, the shrimp pasta which came late but was worth it, the hanger steak which melted in your mouth and the shark which was under cooked. And to end our evening we had the mimosa truffles which were light and chocolate, a perfect ending to our meal. Over all the restaurant was very quaint and gave me a feel of comfort with nice live music; a nice wine bar with excellent food. The staff including the Executive Chef, the owner Zoya and the rest of the chefs, particularly Shoshana were very kind and educated on their food and all came to our table to greet us and make sure we were satisfied. We all had a very good time and for only being open a short time I don't have too many complaints. This business is perfectly located for both middle class and upper class consumers, and I wish them the very best of success.
5 Great place to grab a nice glass of wine or a beer (good rotating drafts).  The food is awesome, I had the steak which was delicious.  The restaurant has a great rustic feel to it, nice setup and friendly staff.  I don't live in the area, but definitely plan to drop in next time I'm in town.
5 Taken 3 out of the 4 wine 201 courses which have been really informative and fun with a great mix of wines. Service has been spotty during classes but that isn't a deal breaker. The owner is incredibly knowledgable and fun explaining more about wine, growing climates/regions, cultural differences, and expanding my palette with what I thought I would like. I highly recommend the classes. Great deal on sample wines if you purchase during class. It's also been a great way to sample their meat and cheese menu too.
3 Went there for date night using a groupon good for a wine flight and bruschetta board for two.  Upon entering, we both felt the atmosphere was comfortable and welcoming.  With a handful of flights to chose from, my husband and I order the only two red flights on the menu, so we had six different wines to taste.  Most of the wines in the flight were mediocre.  Luckily I saved my cabernet for last, because that was the best one.    The bruschetta board was very good.  We were able to select three different bruschetta and chose the caprese, spinach & feta, and brie & apple.  We were most excited to try the brie & apple.  While it was good, the other two were actually much more flavorful.  The size of the bruschetta were surprisingly tremendous.  Adding a salad with that, we both left feeling satisfied.  While the overall experience was nice, I don't know that I would return.  Being that it is a wine bar, I think my expectations superseded the quality of wine.
5 Wine Bar, Yes, but Great Wine ClassesToo!!!  This is my first attempt at a review...I am not usually inclined to pontificate on a restaurant ad nauseum, but I have attended two wine classes at this local wine bar, and I attend book club at the MWC location in Ahwatukee, so I feel like I have some  "history" with this place.  About the Wine Classes.  The Wine 101 Class, a series of 4 basic classes was a fine intro to wine, but, honestly, I learned a WHOLE BUNCH  more from the 4-class Wine 201 taught by the owner.  You get to try 4-5 wines at each class, paired with a small bite of something tasty from the kitchen -- no, you don't get a whole meal, so eat something first.  We did a Saturday class at 1 pm, so we showed up early & ordered lunch at the bar before class. The great thing about the class was that you got to try wines you would NEVER order on your own.   Really, if you have any interest in learning more about wine, or even if you want to try some new wines -- take the Wine 201 class, you'll be glad you did!!!
1 I was so excited when something opened in this venue but am disappointed with what opened. Been in there a few times for wine only and it's alright but the atmosphere sucks way too stuffy or the musical selection blows.   The night I actually ate there it took us 2 hours to get 2 appetizers and 1 burger (initially came out as a steak which we weren't even offered because of their mistake) then the remake of the burger happened twice because they over cooked it and the burger actually came out under cooked finally. The food itself is great, good concepts but definitely not worth the wait or the stuffy atmosphere. Just a thought to who runs the place it may be helpful to have more than 2 employees running the entire restaurant during Happy Hour. When we got our bill they had charged us for the steak and burger and apps, food we didn't even get or offered due to their mistake we're getting charged for. Slow down and ensure your customers aren't feeling the heat from the lack of servers.  Also something else I saw the owner do was swipe 2 chairs from a table that was occupied, but not using the chairs, when there were plenty of other tables that had chairs you could have taken them from. I thought it was rude to interrupt them and just take their chairs they had their purses on when you could have not disturbed them and grabbed them from other places, made no sense to me. If I had been approached about my chair I would have looked around and said really one of the other 40 chairs in the restaurant couldn't be used? Basic manager skills I think...
4 Great place for a glass or two of wine. Super friendly staff. I think they are just carving out their niche in Gilbert and hope they do well.
