4 1. No Acknowledgement at the front desk, nice front desk person though. 2. Very clean lobby 3. Nice restaurant area 4. Parking is scary! Too many dark spots at night. 5. Just opened, hopefully they'll get it right 6. Very easy to get to,  easy on and easy off the 10 freeway. 7. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable  8. Nice size refrigerator in the room 9. Flat screen mounted on the wall, nice! 10. Long desk storage area with cabinet for your stuff
1 I came here last weekend for Power 98.3's Revive Pool Party and had a terrible experience when my index finger on my right hand got stuck in the pool gate. My finger was badly damaged and smashed  and when I asked an employee at the hotel for help she did not treat my situation like it was urgent. I was walked to the front desk (with only my bathing suit on) where I waited 10 minutes for the woman to find a first aid kit. Guests were coming to the front desk to check in to the hotel where I was STILL standing there aimlessly in only my bathing suit. When a first aid kit was finally found, the employee asked me what I wanted her to do with my injury. It stunned me that they didn't have a plan for something like this already, so I just told her that I needed a bandaid until I got home. It took the employee another 5 minutes to find a bandaid in the first aid kit and when she did, she handed me the bandaid (without even opening it for me) and told me that I needed to put the bandaid on myself because she didn't want anything of mine to transmit to her. Although this is true, shouldn't there be some type of gloves in the first aid kit so that she can help me? I mean, I just smashed my main finger on my dominant hand so opening up the bandaid and trying to put it on is the last thing I want to do. After that, the employee told me that I had to then fill out a full paper about my incident (as she handed me a pen). Seriously?! I don't think she understood how much pain I had in my finger, I don't want to fill out anything right now! After that I left the hotel and was not satisfied with my experience whatsoever. I feel like the employee wasn't prepared and treated the situation improfessionally. Won't be coming here again for the Revive Pool Party.
5 Great room! Friendly check in! Got a great rate on Priceline . Great location with plenty of shopping and eateries around. Room was superb and very relaxing. Had a very nice open feel to it. Everything was clean and precise. Can't wait to stay here again.
