5 Kids at Heart Gala was at the Children's Museum of Phoenix last Saturday night and Yelp was the sponsor of the after party, which kicked off at 9:30 and ended, well I can't tell you when it ended I lost my shoe at midnight and had to ride the pumpkin away,,,,but when I left the after party was rocking!  There were tons of highlights of this party, from performers on the floor dancing with the people, to the snow cone martinis, lip print readings, photo booths, face painting Yelp red couches and so much more!    I had the pleasure of meeting the owner Never Enough Sugar and trying a cupcake or 2 and made my way over to Jacked Ice, liquor infused shaved iced.  I am not an ice cream type of person, but they made me a cake batter martini and I was hooked! Shaved ice, cherry, white chocolate & cake vodka, it was soo soo good! There were plenty of food & drink offerings galore.   Music was playing bodies were moving, everyone was having a great time!  I did feel like Cinderella at the ball! Such a fun night!
4 I am not going to lie when I say that I had a little too much fun that night. I was invited to the Gala itself so I was feeling pretty good when I got to the after party. It consisted of an open bar and dessert samples for everyone to try. I think I tried them all because who wouldn't want free samples? I really liked the chocolate cheesecake squares. Besides food, there was a photo booth and face painting so I did both of them because I am a kid at heart (no pun intended). My fiancé and I decided to pick out masks for our pictures so I chose a Dia de Los Muertos skull mask and he chose Barak Obama. Yes... there was an Obama mask. Then I went to go stand in line to get my face painted. The gala was a masked theme so the face painter was painting masks on people. I had her paint a replica of the mask I picked up at the door. She was pretty spot on with what it looked like. It was a little crooked but hey, I don't paint so who cares? By the end of the party, we were getting tired so we headed out but I will never forget the wonderful time I had and the wonderful Yelp hosted after party.
5 Yelp's Kids at Heart After-Party was the best of all Yelp worlds... dessert and drink samples, a photo booth, dancing, and hanging out with new and old friends.  It is fun enough to get all dressed up and don a masquerade mask, and when you sprinkle in some Yelp personality you have yourself a good night!    The After-Party kicked off with a performance from some costumed dancers, who inevitably brought unsuspecting spectators onto the floor to join in.  Dessert vendors lined the outskirts of the room and the alcohol servings got more and more creative.  Jacked Ice was quite a hit, and talk about being a kid at heart- snow cone meets martini!    Upstairs, the lip-print reading booth caught a lot of curiosity but the long wait drove away all but the most curious.  Our wait was rewarded with a palm-reading-style session describing our personalities, based on lip prints.  Very unique, to say the least.  This was such a fun end to a classy night!
