5 I saw Captain America here. First thing you notice is the chairs. Big bright Red chairs. Motorized so you can lay all the way back. Do not fall asleep though (or do.... It that is your jam.). They are the most comfortable chairs you will ever have the pleasure in seeing a movie in.   Location was super clean, staff was super nice, and I skipped over the theater food.  Price was just about the same as other theaters, but you get to sit in these awesome chairs.  They validate your parking but it seems like it was only for 1 hour.The Centerpoint parking garage is right around the corner. Better than nothing!  Overall, I was happy with my experience, and will be back here again.
5 Chairs are super amazingly comfy. They have controls on the side for reclining and you can put up the center arm for easy food sharing ( or, ya know, whatever else ;-) )  The seats are assigned which I thought was a little strange but I whatever.  Also, tons of fountain drink options and the refills are free ....SAY WHAT!  Conclusion : why would I go to another theater that charges the same just to sit in their crap chairs and get ripped off on my soda? Well, I wouldn't.
5 First off, they have these fantastic movie theater seats that are cushy, red recliners that are fully automatic.  I am so stoked that they opened Centerpoint back up and gave it this amazing upgrade. When you buy the tickets, you pick your seats from a seating chart.  This threw me off at first.  But, once I saw the inside of the theater, it was justified and I was blown away. They are like love seats if you push up the armrest between you and your companion. If you don't know the person next to you, that might be a bit weird. Overall, there is definitely limited seating since the theater is average and the seats are gargantuan. You would never have the "stuffy & overcrowded" movie experience.  You better book those seats early! I did not partake in concessions but the soda machine looked very self serve and state of the art.  I will be coming back here for sure.  Hey Center Point! Think you might get a child care service/option at this location? If so, you could have a ton more business.  I know I sure would!
5 Horrible... don't go.  Good, now stay out! Sorry I just want to keep enjoying my new favorite theater in peace.   Serious luxury for 2 bucks more than a regular ticket. Woooo! Fancy, quiet. Smells like new. Me likes!
5 Though it is not stadium seating it has something just as good, luxury seats that are like the ultimate Lazy-Boy and they can go almost flat. I believe, at some point, they intend to  offer beer and wine but right now it is just the regular soda, popcorn and candy type of options.  Besides some adult beverages i wish they had an unsweetened ice-tea option for us non-soda drinking folks but hey, you can't have everything - the nice thing - you can get here right off the light rail. It is definitely my theater of choice (I will admit, I live in the area and can walk to it). Overall it is about the most comfortable movie viewing experience I've had and the sound system and digital projection is excellent.   I do hope they continue to provide independent movies in one or two of the theaters, as that is a nice homage to the cultural richness of the area and expands the offering of independent film  around the ASU area.
5 5/9/14  Theater now has reserved seating. Makes life a bit easier. Buy your reservation online, and show up 5 minutes before showtime :)   Bathrooms have been redone. Very clean. Always a plus.
1 I was disappointed.   All the seats are below screen level which means you are looking up at the screen all movie long.  The soda prices are higher than Harkins and you have to serve yourself.   The one high point was they have those soda machines that allow you to select any flavor of the various coke products, but you are forced to battle with others for a small spot to grab your lid and straw.   The theatre smelled like sour milk and restrooms had an awful smell also.  I will never go back to this "Upscale" theatre.  I'll try their regular theatre but NEVER Centerpoint.
5 What an amazing experience! First of all the theater was super clean the bathroom was spotless! Everyone  was so friendly! The first time I walked into the theater  I was shocked! The seats were so comfy and they recline!! Will be going back again! Oh and you can also pick your seats an advance so you know where your sitting all the time!
5 I loved how clean and comfortable this theater was! My husband and I have been to the Dine in AMC in Phoenix as well as the Studio Movie Grill in Scottsdale, but since we never take advantage of the dine in those theaters it doesn't matter to us. All we care about are the comfy seats.   This AMC actually has reclining lazy-boy seats! The other two didn't recline.   It's closer to our apartment and had plenty of dining options nearby on mill.   This will be our permanent movie watching location.
5 This is the only theatre I want to go to from now on!! I love the reclining chairs. They are so comfortable. The theaters are big and it's really clean.  I will definitely be coming to this theatre from now on. It's my number one choice!   As a side note: they don't allow children 6 and under to rated R films after 6 pm. I think this is amazing!!
5 This is a nice theater. Lobby was just upscale of standard movie theaters, with new style signs and marquee cases.  Concession prices are what you'd expect. The theathers themselves are a bit smaller than average, but very nice, and new looking. Curved screen,  electronic recling seats, and you can flip up the armrest to make a "loveseat". We were the only people in the theater at 1pm on a monday. That was nice.  And during action scenes, it felt like there was a subwoofer in the floor somewhere. Thats awesome. The movie we saw was 3d, also awesome. The combination of enhanced visuals and enhanced sound made this movie a superior cinematic experience. I even flinched a little when a piece of 3d shrapnen seemed to be coming right towards my eye. If your interested in the highest quality cinema experience, this is the spot.
4 I went to go see the new Transformers movie here and I didn't know a theater could have seating like this with a recliner. I must be missing out, lol. Everything was good including the customer service. Only thing I thought was odd was the assigned seating that they had.
3 Nice theater and nice leather seats but not sure it's needed especially near college town. Curious how long it will last at the price they are charging.
4 Went here last night to see a movie for the first time. Parking was a little annoying, but that was to be expected for any place on Mill. The actual movie theater was awesome! My ticket was only $7.50 which was so cheap for the quality of the theater. It has reclining seats and a really big screen. I normally get annoyed with seats that recline too much because I feel like the seat in front of me hits me or something, but I felt like I had plenty of leg room. It was like watching a movie in my house.   The only problem I had was that when I bought my ticket the guy didn't give me the option of where to have my seats. So I was kinda bummed about that. I wish I could have had an option like the AMC Esplanade does.
