5 As the name implies, this place has Gyros. It offers lamb and chicken gyros, hot dogs, baklava, double cheeseburgers, and pizza puffs. The Gyros here are pretty good (they're less greasy than at Athens!).
5 Absolutely fantastic service! The food is phenomenal and the best prices I've seen. They aren't stingy with the product either. I will definitely be coming back again and again. I recommend this place to everyone who enjoys an amazing gyro.
5 For a mall place this is absolutely great.  To be honest I've been waiting for this place to open up since they've announced it and I was not disappointed. The prices are cheap ($6 for a giant gyro, $6 for a 4 pc fried chicken meal with fries) and the food is above average for sure. I agree with Rose that the gyros do not seem as greasy as other gyros that I've had, which makes the food taste slightly lighter. I have yet to try the other items of their extensive menu with everything from Italian beef sandwiches and burgers to chicken gyros and kebabs (with fried okra and fried chicken being next on my bucket list). Sure, it's not fine dining, but for a few bucks this is as good as mall-based fast food gets.  It's only been a week since they've opened. I imagine they'll do well. Just hope they don't jack up the prices or start being stingy with the prices. The guys there are very friendly as well.
4 Just had the chicken gyros, it was fantastic, fresh chicken, well marinated and seasoned, fresh tomato & onion slices and the sauce was the best, garlicky and creamy and perfect. Same for the the pita, it was outstanding. I have a reason to come into the west town mall to eat now :) $5.99 for the chicken gyros and it is filling. $1.59 for a soda. I noticed they also had Italian beef, Philly steak, cheeseburgers, hotdogs, grilled chicken, a chicken kabob and fried chicken. Baklava for $1.99 and it looked good.
4 A friend of mine who works at the food court told me about this new place so I went to try it today. I ordered the chicken kabob, once I paid I stood up there waiting to come up. Then I saw a guy in the back making my kebabs in a real grill, wow, that was a good sign for me, once done he brought it to me and when I opened it I found a complete meal with a little bit of everything, a yellow rice, raw white onions,tomatoes,cucumbers, grilled chicken and 4 pieces of pita bread. The chicken was very tasty, the rice was a little bit dry with no salt (but it has potential) the raw veggies had no dressing at all (I don't know if they are supposed like that of if they forgot to do it) and the pita bread was ok, to be honest I have tasted better ones. However; I might give them another chance later ;)
4 Great tasting lamb gyros, good service and reasonable price. What else could someone ask for in a mall? If you're looking for something different, tasty and quick give them a try.
5 The chicken kabob with rice is very tasty. Ask for a side of taziki sauce on the side.
4 A generous portion of meat, topped with thin sliced tomato and rough cut onion, topped with a sprinkle of parsley. I get mine with sauce on the side, which was nice and cucumber-y. Ask for well done to get it crisped up on the grill.   FYI, fries were of the coated, frozen type and...not good. Get an extra pita for a $1.00 if you need some more starch.  I'll be back for sure.
