1 My husband wanted to try the beef.... it was awful. Tasted like what might be [soft rubbery] vegan meat? Wont be going there again. The place was clean, staff nice, food was awful. Only thing i liked about the food was piping hot french fries.
5 First time eating here & it was great! Friendly staff & good customer service! I had the gyro chicken with fries & a drink for only $8.99! Definitely a bang for a few bucks! Would definitely recommend my friends and family about this place for first timers or lovers of middle eastern food! Need it come back soon again!!
5 I did not know  what Shawarma was, but now I am a big fan. The Greek salad with Beef was awesome! I already ate there a second time and had the Beef Shawarma sandwich, again awesome. The food is very fresh. This is not fast food, this is good, healthy food fast. Cannot wait to try the baked chicken and rice.
3 Have eaten here a few times and both times the fries have been raw. Need to learn how to cook fries from raw or just buy frozen! Other than the fries the beef shawarma is awesome!! Next time will skip the fries and grab some tabbouleh instead. Staff is extremely friendly.
1 Booh! The shawarma was not anywhere close to good. I had the beef shawarma and the meat was dry and rubbery, it wasn't even shaved off, it was already pre-cut and cooked on a grill, not like the real shawarma meat that is slow cooked at all. I spent $10 on lunch with drink  and some oily fries, i ate 1/4 of it then threw it away... what a waste... oh well you gotta try it so you know. At least now i know...
3 This place has potential, a nice open seating area, classic arcade games (Star Wars, Mrs. Pacman), and a very friendly owner (I think).  The food looks good and next time I will try something other than the gyro plate. Ok, time out, this "greek" restaurant decided to americanize the name of things such as "grape leaves" instead of dolmades and lasagna instead of Pastitsio.  Not sure if it is so people know what things are called or because they make it different.   The plate lunches come with hummus, pita, gyro meat, and salad type fixins for the gyro plus either fries or a salad.  Not bad for 11 dollars and change.  The food was very filling.    I was disappointed with the gyro meat.  Although they shaved it off the rotisserie machine, it was actually quite dry and crunchy.It also didn't have a lot of flavor especially on the lamb end of things.    The sauce was decent but lacking in the minty flavor I'm used to.  The pita is a very thin pita rather than thick ones associated with american gyros.  I prefer it that way.  Hopefully, they will get the message and find a way to get their meat a bit more flavorful and moister.  Still, If you are in the area, it is nice to have choices now.
5 We came here today on a lunch break.  Everything was perfect.  Being a pregnant woman, I am very conscious of what I eat.  Everything they had was fresh and satisfying.  I had a beef shawarma and some mixed veggies.  The meat was so tender and delicious.  The pita was fresh and fillings were flavorful.  My dining partner had a platter with rice, chicken, and veggies.  I've never seen anybody polish their plate off so quickly!   Of course we had to have baklava for dessert!!!  We loved it all!  The atmosphere is great.  I love all of the staff.  It's so nice to walk into a place and automatically feel like you are family.  Counters, tables, floors, and facilities were so clean.  They had a few arcade games that I'm sure my little one would love to fiddle with.  Oh, and most importantly- they have WI-FI!  We will definitely be returning.
5 Tried this new place today with my husband, plus it's just around the corner where we live... The food are soOO good specially the Baklava! (I'm a very big fan of baklava & very choosy).. It's as close to authentic mediterranian food as it gets! Very light & yet very very tasty... The owner is very friendly too & very hands-on with everything...
5 I drive passed this place everyday. It used to be called something like Meat Chicks & Wieners, which might be the worst name for a restaurant ever! I was happy when it went out of business, because I was hoping something good would replace it, since it's sooo close to my house. I was very happy to drive by and see Shawarma Plus was replacing it. I am usually a fan of anything Mediterranean, but I did not expect it to be this good. It has been open roughly a month and I probably been there 10 times. It's beginning to be a routine and is definitely a go to for quick and delicious food that never disappoints. I wish I could give them 6 stars. The owner works the counter himself and seems to be a very good hardworking guy. It's local small businesses like this that put a smile on my face. I wish them great success and I'll be happy to be a regular. Oh and try the baklava, seriously!
5 I was planning on going to a different place across the street when I spotted Shawarma Plus.  I am so glad I got detoured because this place is great.  My husband and I both got the entrees special and everything we had was fantastic.  We had Baked Rosemary Chicken, Meatballs, Potatoes, Beef Kebab, Veggies, Salad and Rice.  It's pretty healthy too which I appreciate.  We will definitely be making this a regular go to.
4 Their chicken shawarma is actually pretty good! I've been looking for good shawarma for a while and finally found it! Their garlic sauce adds great flavor and creaminess to each bite.   I ordered a chicken shawarma (sandwich/wrap only) without pickles and wrapped with a pretty thin pita, which I love for a low carb meal, then the whole thing is grilled for a nice outer crisp texture.   So, You got a wrap with texture, creamy garlic flavor, crunch from the lettuce, with fresh tomatoes, and chicken roasted on a spit. That's all you need for a great bite to eat.   O and friendly courteous service!
5 Food was good. Staff was friendly. Wasn't sure what Shwarma was when I walked in but I found out it's kind of like a Gyro with slightly different toppings. I would eat here again.
5 I am an avid fan of Mediterrenean Cuisine... I love it so much I actually learned how to cook it.  Now I am Asian with an authentic flair for Middle Eastern food.  I have over the years eaten in several Mediterrenean restaurants nationwide.  But none compares so far to Shawarma Plus.  Their food is excellent.  The spices are just perfect and they have a killer bahklava that will definitely put others to shame.  I kid you not their food is extremely good, very healthy and very tasty.  The first time I went I bought a whole bunch of sides to take home like tabuleh, grape leaves, hummus and of course the bahklava. A couple of days after I brought my kids who were visiting from the bay area and they thoroghly enjoyed the food as well.  I rarely write reviews but this is one I am doing because I feel that Shawarma Plus is a great addition to the Las Vegas Restaurant scene... Oh and the price is right ... enjoy!   Kate Recto West Las Vegas
4 I love Greek food! This place is not as great as the Mad Greek, but pretty good. I went here for dinner and everyone seemed friendly and when I had questions, knew the answers.  The food was good and I will definitely go back!
4 I stopped in here on a whim, assuming it was a kabob place, like Flame Kabob.  Oh boy  was I wrong!  It had a buffet of food to choose from, and ALL of it looked amazing.  Super clean, lots of bright, airy seating...  the man behind the counter was super friendly, and I chose moussaka and chicken with rice for my two-entree platter.  He gave me veggies in addition.  I was intending to save half for lunch tomorrow, but it was so completely amazing,  I ended up eating the whole thing!  Highly recommend!!!
5 First time here and I tried shawarma beef sandwich. It was soo good! The bread was thick and also it comes with either fries or soda! Pretty worth it and the owners nice. He gave is free food since they're closing soon. Would definitely come back again for the shawarma! :-)
5 This is my second visit to this incredible establishment.  I live down the road and stopped in one night when I didnt have enough time to cook. The chicken schawarma plate was fresh. .well seasoned and well balanced. I came in today and met the owner....he was incredibly personable and reviewed all my options with me. I went for the gyro w fries and some baklava.  Aside from my wife's version...probably one of the best in town. The gyro was good, a few too many outer pieces but nicely seasoned and doused in a great sauce. The fries as always were great, the seasoning on the outside really jazz them up, I just forgot to orelder the awesome garlic sauce I used when I had the plate....next time
4 All in all pretty good, I had the lamb platter and everything on it was freshly made and tasty. Bread was a little thin but it was late in the day Sunday so that just might have been my bad luck. Will def be back to try the fresh baklava I saw coming out of the kitchen.
5 Super nice people, comfortable dining room and delicious food. You can't go wrong. Shawarma is delicious as are their fries
4 Food was great! Place was clean! And service was fast and the owner was incredibly gracious and friendly!
1 Chicken was extremely dry. Food was not fresh. Baklava tasted like soap and I had really bad stomach ache.
2 Mediocre food, I had the chicken shawarma plate with falafel on the side. The chicken was probably the best part, the falafel was not very good (I'm kinda picky about my falafel) the hummus wasn't good, and it came with soggy fries. Also, I ordered it to go and when I got home they had forgotten my pita bread. There's better Mediterranean food in town, I won't be returning here.
5 I just got back from having lunch at Shawarma Plus and it is a winner.  I had the vegetarian plate because it has all the middle eastern goodies I love: Hummus, Baba Ganouche, grape leaves (Dolmatas to the Greeks), wonderfully thin naan bread (like a pita but lighter) flavorful tabouli, and falafel.  I look forward to going back to try the 2 hot dishes with salad or rice for $8.99.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  I think that those that wrote less than stellar reviews are the competition!  This is not your street side gyro stand, far from it.  The name should clue you in that it encompasses many dishes from the middle east not just Greece!
4 This place is really quite good!  Shawarma's there are great.  They have much thinner bread for their pitas, kind of a nice change of pace from what we usually find around here.  Falafel is also good.  This is a good place for a quick lunch stop, definitely better than any fast food you'll find.
4 Nice spot to grab a quick gyro or plate.  Their beef and lamb shawarma is excellent. There aren't many places that serve it this way, so it's good to know that there is one that isn't as far away from me as the others are.  I would definitely recommend this spot if you love some quick Mediterranean food.  Only downside was that they had a pretty small menu. I'll be back!
4 The tilapia was very fresh and moist. The Greek salad was very fresh and delicious.  Great dressing. Lots of flavor and the lettuce was very crisp. The olives very a bit tart but compliments the feta cheese quite nicely. Overall definitely a repeat.  The fresh brewed rose tea was the best. You could really taste a difference n
3 Very good. A little pricy at $17 for my meal - I got a Greek salad- with no protein an side dish of tabouli and dolomas... Great homemade rose water sweet tea! Very refreshing. I will be coming back. Everything seems to be made in house!
3 I ordered the beef schwarma and was happy with my choice. The beer was extremely tender and flavorful and the pita wrap was soft and warm all in all it was very good! Also It was recommended that I get the house made rose water iced tea it was very good although it was warm so it melted all the ice in my cup and watered down and diluted the mellow flavor of the tea.
1 I was so disappointed with this place. We walked in and I wasn't very impressed by the food selection.  The lady working pointed out two pieces of meat sitting in juice and told me how great it was.  I asked if they could make me a shish kabob and she told me in order to make this they have to know 2 days in advance?? I was starving and tried the mystery meat which was absolutely disgusting.  And cold! Never again. They tried to soften things by loading the plate with extra potatoes.
