5 AWESOME experience and felt like a queen all the time .. 5 star
1 WORST BLOWOUT EVER!!! Had to come home and completely recurl my hair. Cannot believe I paid $60 for this. If you want a great blow out... Go to a proper blowdry bar. Also got my makeup done... Also had to come home and touch this up- no eyeliner was put on me which is ridiculous since I asked for a dramatic eye. Save your money!!!!!
5 This place is such a hidden gem! Right in the middle of the Linq - the girls are so sweet and beautiful! Great ladies night out getting my hair blown out and a cocktail awesome!!!
2 Super disappointed. I paid over $80 for a style that didn't end up looking like anything I'd asked for. I was willing to pay the premium price for a special night out, but I left without the look I had requested. I would have asked for a redo, but by the time it was finally finished, I was already running late. Also, what's with all the other reviewers sipping on champagne the whole time? No drinks were offered, even though it was my understanding that it was a bar and salon. All in all, a lost gamble on my Las Vegas vacation.
4 The Style Lounge did my Bridal updo, my maid of honor's updo, my mom's blow out and my matron of honor's makeup.  It was a very nice experience.  My stylist (sorry I don't remember her name) looked at the pictures I had on Pinterest and was able to make a style that incorporated what I was looking for, while at the same time making it unique to me.  My maid of honor's updo was beautiful to.  I really loved the makeup they did for my matron of honor.  The makeup stylist did an excellent job on her eyes, especially.  My mom's hair didn't hold the curl so well, but with the Vegas heat, that is to be expected.  The salon has a full bar, and while getting our hair done we drank cosmos and mimosas.  They were approximately $13 each, which compared to other places on the strip is pretty reasonable.  I would definitely go back if I need my hair done for another special occasion.
4 Love, love, loved the experience at the Style Lounge!!!  Perfect place to get all glammed up before a show and a night out on the town.  It was a great and relaxing way to start the evening and feel like a million bucks as we left the salon.  It definitely added to our overall Vegas experience, as well!  The girls were great and very sweet, especially the makeup artist!  The bartender was great and very courteous, not to mention easy on the eyes...smart!  But sometimes he'd disappear for a while which was not great for business.  We arrived during happy hour when all drinks and some beauty services are 50% off.  Originally, I just went to get my hair done but how could I NOT get my makeup done when it was half off?!!  Oh and just when you think it couldnt get any better, I sipped champagne during my entire pampering session, which lasted about an hour and half.  They made us feel like true princesses and got us out of there on time to catch our show, Rock of Ages, which was TOTALLY AWESOME!!!  The only thing I would say was that my hair was not quite what I expected to get with the "Beautiful Mess", although I liked it, and messed it up a bit when I got home plus the makeup needed some editing to make me look more like me, before I went out.  They might want to have some more consistency between styles and stylists and set better time expectations on services so one doesnt have to rush to get you to the other.  I felt like the makeup artist couldve done a better job if she had more time.   Other than that I felt like I was walking on air when I left which set such an awesome, fun, and carefree tone to start the evening.   Thanks Style Lounge :)
