5 This place will take care of your Manicure, Pedicure, and Waxing all in the same place.  I think they have the best deal so far since I've move to Las Vegas.  They have a great crew that will take care of you as a life time client.  They also do full set, fill & other types of Nail service.  Check this place out and you will understand what I'm talking about.
5 I just got a pedicure and a full set here and love it! Super reasonable pricing and te customer service here is second to none :) and the pedicure came with a massage!
5 I loved it here! Friendly staff who attended to us right away and didn't rush with our services. I got a pedicure done and it is amazing! My feet are super soft and the polish was applied with care. The owner is super friendly and accommodating; made sure I was relaxed and enjoying my experience. He asked how I like my toenails, square or curved (places hardly ever ask that!). Best part: hot stone massage on my legs and hot towels wraps for my feet. I thoroughly enjoyed myself and loved the service and results!
4 Great place, went quickly in the morning because of the reviews on yelp and they were very welcoming. I'd definitely recommend the pedi, they're wonderful and relaxing. The wax could've been a bit more thorough, but overall amazing service, I'll definitely be going back.
5 I'm a guy who's new to Las Vegas. I was trying to find a nail spot close to my condo. Went on a busy Saturday and they only had 2 nail techs working. Nonetheless they were able to get me in and out in a short amount of time.   The price was much less than what I paid for a pedicure on the east coast but the work was just as good.   I plan on scheduling a pedicure with them every two weeks. Gotta take care of the dogs!!
5 Ben is amazing! Came in from LA with my bestie and fiancé for last minute Vegas trip. Found this place right outside the strip. Ben was so helpful, threw in a free leg massage and told me some very useful info regarding an injury. Very attentive,  patient, thoughtful, and present. Highly recommend this place!!
