5 Great food and really good service, thank you Molly! Plus, you're allowed to bring in your own food if someone with you doesn't like delicious spicy seafood.
4 The shrimp was very large, juicy, and fresh!  We also go the crawfish, both hot  n juicy style spicy.  I liked the tasty sauce, it was nice and thick so the seafood was well coated.  The sausages were better than any of the other seafood boil places I have been to.  I just wish the hot n juicy style was more lemony but that's an easy fix- just squeeze more fresh lemon to your taste.  Great service for the soft opening.  Can't wait to come again!
4 If you come here you're in for a treat. Ordering may take a while because you're trying to decide what to have.   I ended up trying the snow crab, shrimp, and calamari. They were all very good. If you want something spicy then you've come to the right place.   If you have no problem peeling your food and getting your hands a little dirty then you wouldn't mind eating here. I had to clean my shrimp down from head to tail. It'll take some time to get use to but you'll get the hang of it.   The service was excellent, but it would've been nice if they picked up some of the things off of the table. Another thing that bothered me was how many flies or gnats were around our table. It was pretty disgusting having to guard my friends food while he went to the bathroom.   Overall food was good and so was the service.
5 I was so excited when I heard they were opening a Phoenix location. I absolutely love crawfish & would intentionally make a trip just to visit boiling crab. Hated the long trip there but food made up for it lol then I tried Angry crab shack in Mesa thinking it would be a replacement for BC but was utterly disappointed. Then came this place :)  First off, the crawfish at Hot & Juicy was delicious! Very comparable to BC, maybe even better. I had 2lbs of crawfish (hot& juicy flavor, spicy hot level), it was perfect. The menu is very easy to read. It pretty much comes in steps where you picked your seafood, pick which flavor, and how hot you want it. Couldn't have been easier right? Two thumbs up for food!   Service.....was FABULOUS. We had Jasmine, who was very friendly, attentive, and there soon as something was needed. All the staff regularly dropped by to ask if we were ok or needed anything. Service was wonderful.   The place itself is spacious so there's plenty of room. Atmosphere was relaxing. Overall, I loved the food & service. Definitely will be back!
5 This Southern girl was good and satistifed when she left Hot and Juicy Crawfish!    When I saw this restaurant flash on the Yelp front page,  I thought I would give it a try eventually.  As I looked over their website, I realized, this is the same resto/company that I have had on my Vegas bookmarks for years.  The second I realized that, I bumped up my visit to "today".    Going on a weekday at 4:30p has its bonuses - parking on Mill is much easier and Mill is not as crowded. So, I park and walk toward the restaurant.  The one thing I want to warn the Yelp community about is that the address says 740 S Mill Ave, the restaurant is actually facing 7th street and is west of Mill Ave (west/around the corner from Mellow Mushroom).    So I went alone as this was decided an hour before I arrived.  I am so disappointed that you can't order a combo boil.  So I made up one.  I ordered 1lb of crawfish with the Hot and Juicy sauce served Spicy Hot.  I also ordered a half pound of shrimp (the only thing that can be ordered by the half lb) with the Lousiana Style sauce served Spicy Hot with sausage and a corn.  Each order comes in a plastic bag with enough seasoning to cover, but not drawn your crustaceans.   I couldn't eat it all, so I saved the shrimp order and ate the crawdaddies.  In general, if you like southern food that is spicy and full of flavors, my advice is to completely bypass the any other sauce option and go straight to the Hot and Juicy - trust me on this. (Order a different flavor as a side, thank me later)  So, I pull my first crawfish tail off and put that head to my mouth and sucked the head and out flowed the the hottest and juiciest crawfish deliciousness I had ever had in my life.  Sucking dem heads and pulling dem tails is how you eat crawfish.  But what I LOVED about these crawfish the most is how juicy they were!  So much seasoning and juice flows into your mouth out of those heads!  And the tails were tender and not overcooked.  So many places muck up crawfish by overcooking them!  They were also so tender and just right because they had not been frozen.  Yes, fresh, ALIVE when they cook them fresh!  Someone help me, I could have slapped someone it was so good!  I have eaten crawfish my entire life and I am pretty sure these were definitely seasoned the best because the Hot and Juicy sauce is so much thicker than the typical crawfish boil juice.  So the flavor just coats your mouth really good.  Thats it folks.  Get yo' self on over there and enjoy it.  Get over there, roll up your sleeves,  put on a bib (very important!) and get a beer! For Pete's sake, don't look like an amateur and wear the gloves they offer!  And always  remember to Suck dem Heads and Pull dem tails.
4 I am so happy that Hot N Juicy came to Phoenix!  I've never been to it in Vegas but while I was at work, one of the trainers came in and told me about it (she was getting lunch for her team.) I'm not going to write a lengthy review, I'm just going to touch on the important parts  -We waited for about 10 minutes before we were seated, which isn't bad considering it's a small place. -The customer service is wonderful! Our waitress (it was her first day but she did well) helped us pick out our food while a manager and other server hovered over her, which made me kind of nervous.  -The food. The food. The food. We all got shrimp but I will definitely the crawfish later. They were fat shrimp, the Hot N Juicy sauce and I thoroughly enjoyed eating them.  -I actually received the wrong order (I think I received Garlic Butter?) but they were happy to bring other 1/2 of what I wanted while I ate the other order. They never ended up bringing it (I did received a tub of Hot N Juicy Sauce to dip with) but we told them it was no big deal. We couldn't spend any more time peeling shrimp anyway!  -I used lemons in my water and later noticed little flies in my water... so that was disturbing.  The grand opening isn't for a few weeks, so I understand that there are issues.  I will definitely be going back then and writing another review!
3 I often visit Hot N Juicy when I am in Vegas. I was ecstatic to see that they opened a location right by my school! so I came here with a bunch of my friends, about ten of us.  The restaurant wasn't too packed but had a decent amount of people.   So the french fries came out in about fifteen minutes after ordering.. We all patiently waited for our crawfish/fish/lobster.. but it never came out minutes after the fries..):  It took about a range of an hour and half for our big orders.. Not only did we wait that long, everything came out in the wrong order. I got my shrimp way before my rice came out. Half my friends got their food and half of them didn't get it until thirty-fourty minutes later. Oh and they forgot about three of my friends orders, as a result, my friends had to reorder and wait even more! The manager apologized after seeing our annoyed faces and promised a "discount." Well she forgot to include our discount in our checks.. Oh and checks can't be split more than three ways so bring cash..   Anyway, the food was good but we all had a sour feeling because of all this mishaps.    Yes, we did have a large table but this is very unacceptable and did not set a great impression. This review may change depending on my next visit. I hope front and kitchen service will be better.
4 So excited to hear HnJ opened a location in AZ! Of course we had to try it out! We've been to one in Vegas and it was good (sorry we still prefer BC, but we'll take what we can get in AZ). We've been going to Angry Crab in Mesa since it opened a few months ago to get our seafood fix but their crawfish are so tiny that it's just not worth it (however, their shrimp is fantastic though).   Okay, back to the HnJ review. We waited over an hour for a party of 5 on FRIDAY NIGHT. Another party waiting for a table even went and got Jack in the Box to snack during their wait, hilarious! So be prepared for a long wait because the place is not very big, plus they haven't even had their grand opening yet. I'm sure it'll get even busier so just know it's going to be a while to get a table.   Food was AWESOME! At our table we got crawfish, shrimp, clams, snow crab, corn, sausage, and fries. All of them HnJ style and a variety of mild, spicy, and extra spicy. Crawfish were nice and juicy as well as the shrimp. They don't serve headless shrimp so be aware if you aren't accustomed to shrimp with heads on them. Snow crab was decent but the clams were a disappointment. Definitely add sausage and corn though and you'll be wanting more.   Service was pretty bad but we kept an open mind that they had just opened so I'm sure they're still working out the kinks and trying to keep up with the crowd. The table next to us (that was seated after us) was greeted, waited on, and ordered before anyone even came to take our drink order. When a server finally asked if we'd been helped we put in our drink order and food order altogether. It took forever to get our drinks and all of the food. The food came out staggered so not everyone in our party had their food at the same time. The clams took forever to come out and we had to ask the server about them 5-6 times. Finally we were done eating everything else and I decided to just cancel the clams because we were ready to go... Well that's when the clams magically appeared. The clams were definitely not worth the wait.   Overall it was really tasty and we'll be back for sure. Hopefully the service will be more on point next time. Just make sure you don't have any other plans because it'll take a long time! Oh and it's really loud in there and mostly Asian diners.   Timeline:  7:05pm - Put in our name for table of 5, was told it'd be about 30-35min wait. (We walked over to Slickables for pre-dinner dessert to kill some time) 8:30pm - Seated at a table  10:05pm - Paid the check (we didn't sit around chatting or anything either, we pretty much ate and paid. It's because service was so slow and the clams took forever).
3 Its great that there's finally a Hot n Juicy here. We came on a Saturday before the lines hit. Service was good, food took forever! However they did just open an the cooks are getting familiar. I will probably re-rate this in a month but for now I don't think waiting 1 1/2hrs for 2 Dungeness crabs is acceptable. Even if your an inexperience cook! The sauce was a little different from the Hot n Juicy's we go to when we are in Vegas,  At the end they did take care of us ( Thank you Nickyjo! ) and apologized a lot. And because of that we will definitely try again in a month.  Overall food was fresh and good.
5 All I have to say is: It's about...damnnn time! My friends and I always, always make a stop here when we visit Las Vegas.  But to finally open here is pretty much a dream come true.    They are the best in the business of crawfish and other cajun style seafood.  I can finally say there's a great place in town I can take visitors to if they never had Cajun food or even a seafood boil for that matter.  Let's start off by talking about their crawfish! They are consistently fresh.  They pretty much perfected their secret recipe to a science.  The temperature and sauce is spot on.  I love my seafood HOT and SAUCY.  The garlic and Cajun spices truly pack a punch.    If you are new to this, I highly suggest starting off with the crawfish since that is what they are known for.  If you just hate digging your nails into hard shells, then shrimp might be your next best option.  The beauty of eating this type of seafood is to taste the freshness from the sea.  I always, almost order 2lbs worth of crawfish.  Why? You get free corn, potato, and sausages fused with heavenly Cajun flavors.    A trick I love doing is to order a side of rice and making a poor man style gumbo.  As you are peeling your seafood, take the juices, like guts or brains from your seafood and dump it into you rice and let it build.  At the end, tear up some sausages and pour in your left over Cajun juice from your boil onto the rice.  Voila! Enjoy!  Since they just recently opened, now is probably a good time to get your crawfish fix before the word is out.  There is a bit of wait during dinner time.  First come first serve.  Don't worry its worth the wait.  I hope they will open more around the valley.  I will probably eat here atleast once a month.
4 I was finally able to visit this place after all of my friends have been talking about the location in Vegas. This was my first time and it was pretty good. We ordered a pound of the king crab legs, pound of crawfish and half a pound of shrimp. My bf love the crab and crawfish and the shrimp was cooked to perfection. I got the Hot N Juicy sauce with my shrimp and it was okay, nothing too special but I enjoyed it. We also ordered a side of cajun and sweet potato frieds. OMG, so good! The place was clean and the service was good. It was a little bit of a long wait for the food but I was with family so it didn't matter. They even gave us complimentary calenders for HnJ. Really nice! I will come here again but because I live in Chandler it won't be as often and the parking sucks but that is understandable because it is on Mill Ave.
3 When I first heard that the place was opening in AZ, I wasnt as excited as my fellow foodies since the Vegas location was not so impressive.   However, that all changed after I took my first bite into their "Hot and Juicy" seasoned seafood. I shared a lb of clams, sausage, shrimp, and corn. This place is DEFINITELY better than the Vegas location and will happily refer anyone here.   After all is said and done, I still have to give a 3. I hate to give 3 stars if the food was perfect but you must understand that service is just as important as the food itself. We were told that it was a 30 minute wait but it turned out to be a 2 hour wait. I dont mind the waiting but setting realistic time frames are important.   Another issue we had was getting the incorrect order... 3 times... each 15 minutes apart... all 3 times with 3 different servers. With the 30+ staff members on board that night, it might be a good idea to designate servers to specific areas so we dont have to repeat our order so many times... Felt like a bad game of telephone and was surprised that we werent served a purple monkey dishwasher.   I can tell the servers were just as frustrated and without direction when someone dumped sprite into my water cup. I politely told her I didnt want sprite in my water cup but she smiled and walked off.   Although I dont plan on eating here anytime soon, thats not to say that I wont call in for carry out. I will give them a few more months to work out the kinks before I go again but great job for getting the flavor right the first time around and beating out your Vegas counterparts
4 Service improved greatly! Kitchen also kept up with our table and the food came out at a decent pace/time. FOOD WAS FRESH AND WAS GOOD.
3 This will definitely be my go-to alternative for Cajun seafood until time permits me to make a trip out to Cali for Boiling Crab. There IS a distinct difference between BC's and HJ's sauce - BC's is more buttery and garlicky which I like (but I just love butter and garlic in general).  HJ is definitely less greasy and I can tell there are some big differences in the spice/seasonings they use.    The overall flavor was pretty good, as I killed a whole lb of shrimp in the 'Hot N Juicy' Medium sauce by myself and wanted more, still. The shrimp were big and succulent.  The clams were not so hot... I felt like we paid for all shell and no meat, and what meat there was at the bottom of the bag were very small and unappetizing.  Of the two lbs of clams I ordered, the second which was supposed to be a garlic butter seasoning finally came out after 3 different servers asked if I had gotten my order yet and if it's correct. And when it finally came, it looked and tasted exactly the same as the traditional 'Hot n Juicy' seasoning, not garlic-butter.  The service was not so hot either, but I understand they are still going through their soft opening and their servers probably didn't expect all of Arizona's Asian population to show up at the door, and some.  With that being said, I was pretty annoyed at the 9 different servers we had.  Though most were nice and polite, we only really needed 1 server.  They should work on re-organizing table assignments.....  Overall, I would definitely come back, in hopes that they are better organized and that they have non-anorexic clams.
4 Glad I didn't have to drive to cali or Vegas for some hand dirty crawfishes. Love the head on shrimps and their spicy Cajun fries. However some crawfishes were not as fresh
3 Great spot for peel-n-eat seafood. Be sure to get their classic "Hot n Juicy" seasoning! It's messy but a blast with friends!   Pros: Great cajun (rare in AZ), fresh seafood, not too crowded  Cons: Blarring rap music makes it feel like a club (said they couldn't change the volume)
5 When our friend posted a pic on instagram, we thought he was in Vegas.  Read the comments and was excited to see that the location was in Phoenix!  After reading that, my wife and I looked at each other and said "LET'S GO!!"  We went a couple of days after they did their soft opening.  It was nice to see that there was no lines to wait in since we know it won't be like that for long.  The staff had high energy and very welcoming.  The service was on point with regular check ups and water refills.   The food was delicious like always.  We (party of 3) ordered  2 lbs of shrimp, garlic butter, mild (spicier that usual) with bowls of rice.  My wife and I usually share 1 lbs of shrimp and we leave full.  I'm looking forward to trying new item on the menu now that we have a location here.
3 Came here twice and both experiences were not so good.   First time trying it out, our order we continuously being messed up.  Second time, our rice was not throughly cooked.    Customer service is not the best, there ate a few workers who actually know how to be genuinely kind.  They are also quite forgetful, so get there attention if what you asked for has not been brought out in 10 minutes!!    I gave three stars due to the shrimp I had that was "okay," and the bathrooms are nice.
2 Love the food, hate the service.  Today was my second time coming here, the first time was over the weekend at night and it was bad.  Orders were messed up left and right.  I was dying to give it a second chance.    The shrimp came in a timely manner along with the rice.   I went for the rice and it was hard, like uncooked.  I'm usually understanding but.... ANYONE scooping that rice from the cooker to the container must've struggled enough to realize this should not have been served.  I called the server over and they took it back.  She came back and said that something was wrong with the rice cooker and that it may take 15 minutes for the next batch to come out.  I didn't really have a choice.  Then some lady came and offered us hawaiian rolls.  Keep in mind that while waiting for that, we did not touch the shrimp.  We're asians so rice is really important, lol.  15 minutes passed = no rice and no rolls.  I was starting to get irritated and I was hungry so we just ate again, without any of what was promised.  What you'll notice about the servers: 1) They hover by the kitchen... trying to avoid or delay the bad news they have to deliver  2) They'll ask how you're doing but very few genuinely care  3) They'll say they'll check on it and will only remember to tell you their findings WHEN you call them over again.  Aren't you supposed to return from your mission?  Lol.  The rolls finally came - only three by the way for two people (which was supposed to make up for the uncooked rice we both bit into??  And have been missing since??). This was on the house so that was generous *sarcasm*.  Rice was 1.99 each and we ordered two.  That's $4.  Rolls are $1.75 for three.  Whatever.  They were just like the kind you buy at the store, except warmed up.  I don't know why it took that long.  By the time we were told the rice was on its way, we already finished the shrimp.  So the rice would have been useless.  IMO:  Food is good.  Customer service sucks.
3 Been to: Boiling crab in OC Kickin crab in OC Angry crab in Mesa  I'll compare this to Angry crab because let's be honest we really can't compare food from Az to Cali.  Seasoning: in comparison to Angry Crab, it has more of a Cajun flavor. Less butter and garlic.  Spice level: it's ONE step higher in spicy level. For example: angry crabs 5 is a 4 at hot and spicy.  Sides- Sausage: angry crab = 4 large pieces for 75CENTS!! (Steal)  Hot and spicy = 6 small pieces for $2.75!! (Def not worth it)   Crawfish-  Angry crab: small Hot and spicy: prob double the size and juicier. (Def worth it)   Shrimp-  Same size.   Service-  I understand Hot and Spicy has been open for less than a month and they're still working out their kinks... But there's no reason every single employee needs to rotate every 5 minutes to ask if everything is okay.  Never asked us if we wanted lemons/limes and salt/pepper like most other places. Didn't offer to place the bibs on like other places as well (not that I need it but hey, it's a nice gesture) :)   I'm giving it 3 stars and hope to give it more once they figure out the kinks. Will def come back because the flavor is there. A bit pricier than most, but still worth going.
3 My friend got a bad batch of oysters and became ill about 20 min after eating them. the service was really disorganized but I understand they're still new and getting new servers trained but we had several servers come try to explain the menu and multiple people constantly stopping by to ask if everything was ok. it got a little annoying but whatever. my friend didn't get sausage in her bag and one of the servers acted as if we were lying about it saying "I saw sausage in your bag, it's in there, let me check again". sir... I'm looking in the effing bag and there is no freakin sausage. I ordered a pound of mussels and they were tiny! but their Cajun fries were pretty bomb, crispy and really well seasoned and the seasoning was spicy and had a nice kick! overall, nice place but I prefer Angry Crab in Mesa.
4 Finally HnJ in AZ, the food was good like always, the shrimp is bigger as well as the crawfish! But what really sets this place apart from the rest is the SAUCE (hot n juicy special); its really good.  The place is cozy and clean...forget about the horrible parking (you'll need to walk a lil bit after dining here anyway  )
4 I LOVE HNJ as I always have since the original location in Las Vegas many years ago. I came here with my fiance for the "soft" grand opening while visiting this dessert state as I call it. LOL. And I still prefer HNJ over BC.  Glad to see them expanding to other states, so others can experience the great taste of seafood. OH, and make sure to say hello to my favorite person who works there, Jesse Sanders!  Give him a big hug for me! ^^  This guy works his butt off!    Though, I am always skeptical of new locations because sometimes the flavors are not consistent as what I remember from the original spot.  They were pretty spot on for the most part.  It all comes down to the sauces.   All their sauces are really really good. By far, I like it much better than Boiling Crab (too buttery if you ask me) .....:/   But,  I felt the extra spicy HnJ sauce could be an little spicier.(hint hint ;))  The medium HnJ that I usually get was very good, and garlicky.    Food: What did we eat?...We had the king crab legs of course as it is my favorite, shrimp, and clams with the HnJ medium, and crawfish etouffee.  Very good and well cooked and seasoned.  This stew of yuminess and butteriness of a lot of crawfish and veggies over white rice is soooooo good!   Also, the raw oysters on the half shell were deliciously sweet and fresh! :)   Service: OK, so here is where I have to admit they do need some brushing up on.  Understand that opening up a new joint and mind you, this place gets PACKED and I am sure the servers had no idea of the kind madness this restaurant can bring, b/c of its POPULARITY, so give them a break if they messed up on your order. I do think they need to organize better on who is serving who and assign them to sections of the restaurant, so they know what designated area they are to service, and have them memorize tables and such. Only 1 or at most 2 servers should be assigned to a table, instead of having random servers b/c everyone gets confused. I am a high believer in service, as I am in the service industry myself, in other ways and customers should be a little more understanding on newbees b/c this place causes extremely HIGH traffic for a good reason-for the damn FOOD!  Service will definitely follow in place as time passes, and for those of you who bashed them on the food, let's be real...these guys are still in training and getting to know the product more and more each and every day.  Obviously, they are doing something right..b/c YOU are eating here, have already ate here, have thought of eating here, wish you were eating here, and wanting to eat here. So EFF the reviews and see for yourself why this company is EXPANDING. :) Yummy!!!  Definitely, one of my favorite grub and grind kinda place.  Love how they give you a bib to wear and they have gloves if you need. But, we always bring our own surgical gloves because they fit better on my tiny fingers. Xp And do not wear your finest threads as you may get sauce spashes on you and stink like garlic.  I don't even bring in my purse for that matter.  Otherwise, enjoy the silence while I grub.
5 Better than the Vegas location! Servers are very friendly and they all help each other out
2 I came back the 2nd time craving for some shrimps and I didn't get any!!! Horrible horrible service. I ordered one pound shrimp along with crawfishes. The crawfishes came out but not the shrimps. Our server seem to be avoiding eye contacts. I told her the shrimp never came, she said they back up in the kitchen, alright then. Then I notice they bring out shrimps for this couple that show up after us. I asked three servers and they all said they'll check on it, yet avoiding my eyes when am waiting for them to come back. We done with our crawfishes and still no shrimps!! The check came out and I told the girl I still have not get my shrimp, she can cancel it, her response was "ill see what I can do". Came back and says that she was able to remove it from the check, well shit! Of course  am not paying for something I didn't get! As if it was trouble to ask her to not charge me. One more things, they decide to pull out a bin of trashes and instead of going thru the front door, they made my friend get off from her seat so they can pull the bin across, how rude!!!
3 was told wait for 20 mins for to go , but finally it took 50mins to be ready....tastes fine.
5 Came in on a Monday afternoon,  no wait and almost empty restaurant.  Yesss. Good came out quickly and was sooo good. Great place to get down and dirty with your family.
2 This place is right there off of Mill Ave. Let me say....If it lasts 1 year....wow. This place sucked. The service was lame....for example....The manager talking on some stupid headset to her employee who was 10 feet away.   All I had was calamari, it was flat out gross. Lots of fried stuff except for crawfish. I dunno.....As of today I have no plan on ever returning.....  Sad.....I wanted a nice seafood type place in that area....lunch at PF Changs can be crazy sometimes.
3 I've been searching for a good crawfish place for a year now. I'm from California and I absolutely LOVE the BOILING CRAB!!!! It's even difficult to find a place here in az as good as that one. Based on the reviews I saw I tried this place. It took forever for my grandmother fried catfish to get to the table about 20 mins after my crawfish did. The seasoning was watery( I like my seasoning thick) lol. It was ok. Idk if I'd recommend it for those who enjoy the boiling crab.
4 The crawfish here lives up to the hype!  The waitress warned us that their spice level is one level hotter than other places.  I don't know if I'd agree with that.  I ordered the medium spice level (which I usually order at other places) and it was about as hot as expected.  Definitely not too hot.  What I really liked about their crawfish was that they were HUGE.  the crawfish were so big that we even decided to crack open their claws bc there was actually meat in there too.  What did not meet my expectations was the oysters.  We ordered a half dozen of the raw oysters and they just weren't tasty.  The flavor was weak and tasted watered down for some reason.  The only way to salvage the oysters was to pile on horseradish and cocktail sauce, which was a shame.  I usually love to eat oysters raw with nothing else to take away from the great oyster flavor.  I also tried a pound of the green mussels.  They were good, but not great.  I was disappointed that in my bag of about 15 mussels there were 4 empty shells.  Also they were slightly overcooked and ended up being a bit more rubbery than I would have liked.  Overall, I would still come here again, but I'd stick to the crawfish!
5 This place is amazing! Prepare to get messy (don't worry they will give you a bib and gloves)!  The food was awesome and cooked to perfection! I was shocked at the size of the shrimp!   Thank you for taking care of us, Jesse! Can't wait to go back!
2 First off, food is good.  Table of 5, we all ordered an assortment of crawfish, crab, mussels, and shrimp.  The shrimp here are probably the best you'll have in Az.  Seasoned well, great flavor.  Also, all pint beers are $3 (even for 4 Peaks beers!)  Why only 2 stars?  To say the service was disorganized is a compliment.  First off, when we were sat we told them we would have a party of 5.  The two of us who arrived first were led to a table and were asked if it was ok if they added a chair to the end of the small table we were led to. No, its not ok.  I don't want to be eating on top of each other.  Next, after our party arrived, we ordered some drinks.  Nothing was wrong other than we were asked by THREE other servers if we would like something to drink while our? waiter was getting us drinks.  Then, after looking at the menu, all crab, shrimp, mussels, etc. say "Market Price" for the price.  I get it, this is how most local seafood places work.  HOWEVER, the prices aren't posted anywhere in the restaurant.  When we asked one of the servers how we would go about finding this out, he said to just ask.  So you're telling me I need to ask the price of the 15+ items that say market price? What?  A chalkboard would be fine!  The Salt Cellar and Angry Crab seem to be able to handle this.  Also, god forbid you drink two drops out of your water because you will then be swarmed by three kids with water pitchers.  I get it, the food is spicy, but if my water is more than half full it doesn't need to be refilled.  Then, our server told us he was leaving for the night.  Ok, fine.  But after he left, nobody came and told us who our new server would be.  We had to ask.  Of course the first kid didn't divide up the check like we asked.  Let me be clear.  I'm not blaming the servers.  They are on a captain-less ship.  I highly doubt they were trained at all.  A manager is on duty, but what is he doing?  I won't return or recommend.
5 This place is fantastic! The food was delicious and I thought the service was great.  Yes the servers rotate through but they are on top of everything.  They initially screwed up our order of crab but they felt so badly they discounted our bill.  I would go back in a heart beat.  I thought the crawfish and crab was delicious.  Highly recommend!
4 Pretty awesome spot for crawfish, shrimp and sausage.  As other reviewers have suggested, you are going to get dirty, as will your sleeves if you're wearing a long sleeve shirt.  The crawfish at this place are huge.  I got a couple pounds of crawfish with half pound of sausage added in- that was just the right amount of food. I ordered it medium hot with the hot n juicy sauce (would like to try the Louisiana seasoning another time).  It wasn't overpoweringly hot and the corn/sausage helped cool it off.  I would put it between 2-3, closer to 2.  I also ate a few of my buddy's shrimp cooked in the same sauce.  Honestly they were kind of bland after peeling them, so I just ended up dipping them in the crawfish sauce which helped a lot with flavor. We sat at the bar and got great service from Jasmine.  Highly recommended if you love crawfish and don't mind getting dirty!
3 The service was rocky at first, because our initial server was leaving after we were seated. It took a while for someone else to finally come, but we finally got Tiffany and she was was great! Can't go wrong with garlic butter shrimp and crab! Keep in mind they just opened, so they have to work out all the kinks! We'll be back!
5 Came here before the grand opening and everything was great! I think Greg was our server and he did a fabulous job. (The receipt had the wrong server name) My boyfriend had crawfish and I had fried shrimp. We shared corn fritters and cajun fries. You could taste how fresh the seafood was. We will be back!
4 I've been here a few times for the soft opening and it was really good. Staff was nice and courteous and the atmosphere had that vibe like I was in Vegas. So, this past weekend a group of us attended their grand opening. They had this buy one get one with their crawfish so I'd figured, you can't go wrong with that. Spoke too soon.  The other times have been great, food was on point, but the grand opening, it was lacking. Sauce for the crawfish I ordered was very watery, not thick as it was before. On top of that, my friend was waiting on his free crawfish for like an hour. They kept telling us it should be coming out, but never did.   So, then it was the very next day group of us decided to eat here again and this time, it was on point. My pound of crawfish came out really good!! I mean for the most part it has been consistent. I'm going to always come here when I get that craving for it because it is still better than driving to Cali for Vegas for it. Overall, food has been good and staff has always been helpful and courteous. So, if you have a bad experience one time, give it just another try.   Side note: The fried fish and soft shell crab basket has been great every time I've ordered it or when my friends ordered it, lol.
3 As a long time fan of Boiling Crab and Kickin' Crab in Northern California I was very excited to try Hot N Juicy Crawfish here at the AZ location!  After my party was seated, orders were made. I, of course, wanted to try their crawfish in the Hot N Juicy style (their signature sauce), Medium, 2 pounds of it since it comes with corn and potatoes.  Lemons, salt and pepper was provided along with bibs and gloves, the latter if needed (but where's the fun in that?) The crawfish came out and looked very generous for two pounds. Yummy sauce, I would say very similar to Boiling Crab but sweeter, more buttery and the spiciness was just right. The crawfish were good in size, not too many dead ones, but I could tell were frozen by the texture and flavor of their tail meat. The potatoes and corn were good dipped in the sauce however. I tried some shrimp which tasted fresh in the Garlic Butter sauce which was good and the calamari was kind of lack luster.  The service is a bit strange, they do attempt to refill waters almost every 2 minutes and each order comes out one at a time which is awkward for large groups. What do I do with this large bag of food while everyone else is waiting on theirs? Of course, wait ... but still it's awkward.  Same pricing as back home, but definitely isn't a crawfish place that can hold a candle to any of the previously stated two.
5 Here's a tip: While perusing the menu, order a side-sized sausage or 1/2 lb. shrimp with the sauce and heat you think you'll like to try it out. That's what we did, getting the medium-hot Hot 'n Juicy. The sausage was very good and the sauce spot-on what we wanted. Then we ordered crawfish, shrimp, a soft-shell crab basket, a catfish basket, and a side of corn fritters. The crawfish and shrimp were fun--you dump them sauce-and-all on the table and have at it--but what I'll order again for sure are the baskets and corn fritters, which were all lightly battered and cooked to perfection, and the sausage. There's a nice selection of beers at $3 (happy hour, I presume), service was really good and friendly, music was loud but complemented the ambiance, and there's a parking garage within a short walk. (I forgot to ask if they validate parking, but I should have: parking was $8.)
5 Sooo pumped H N J is in AZ!  Same great food as Vegas! We loved the outdoor seating option'. Trent was awesome and made our dinner even better.    HNJ medium shrimp is the way to go!
5 **Update 5/23** We went back only 6 days later and you can tell the world has gotten out about this new location. It was a lot of people, and we were quoted a 30 minute wait, but we were seated much sooner than that. All the servers were hustling to get people seated, fed, and tables cleaned. They were all still polite, even though it was clearly packed wall to wall. I forgot our waitresses name, but she was from the Vegas location and she was great. We saw our server Tiffany from last week and see remember us! Good service and good food!
5 My husband and I went for the first time today!!!!!!!!!!!! I had the snow crab w/ Hot N Juicy Mild and my husband had the shrimp (huge shrimp), same sauce.....My o My were we in heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!!. The service was phenomenal and the food was even better. We are definitely returning .......
1 I will not be going back. Angry crab shack is by far & no question about it SO SO SO much better!!! The service and quality of food is below average. The server took forever to do anything, just to close out the check was over 20 minutes. The music was way to loud!! I couldn't even talk to my family members I had to yell. The ambiance was awful and not somewhere I would recommended to anyone. If you want awful service and bad heartburn because of the over seasoned low quality food then this is your place.
4 Finally another crawfish place in AZ! I've had boiling crab from Cali and angry crab in AZ so I was excited to try this place because I never had the chance to while in Vegas! It has pros and cons Pros: the hot n juicy sauce is so good! The shrimp and black mussels are good as well! Only had a few mussels that were not opened which was good! Cons: service - sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not. Having different servers help can be good and bad.. Nice for extra help when u don't see your waiter, but sometimes it's a nightmare to and takes forever to get the bill and pay.  Also location, it's nice it's in Tempe, but the locations is horrible and the space is SMALL . Parking is a nightmare as well.   Overall I will go back again because it's all we have in Az.. But I will not go on a weekend or night! Only for lunch when it is not as busy and parking is a little easier..
5 I went twice in one week, so I figured it deserved a review.  I'll start by saying it is simple ordering. You can customize eats with different flavored spices as well as intensity level.    I recommend shrimp or muscles for a first timer.  I enjoyed the shrimp with garlic butter flavor and baby spice level.  Don't let baby spice fool you it wAs pretty flavorful.  I couldn't even taste the garlic, however my husband could tell I had eaten it for the next few days.  The muscles I had were hot and juicy style again with baby spice and was pretty intense.  The corn that I ordered on the side was great.    My second round that week I figured I was ready for crawfish.  I was pretty disappointed-I hardly got any meat out of them and especially for all the work that needed to be done.  That was my first time ever having crawfish so it's not like the selection was bad it's just more for the people who enjoy the tearing of the head and sucking the intense wonderful flavor that comes out of the little guys.    If that's not your thing they have wings,fried calamari who my 10 year old loved, fried soft shell crab as well as catfish.  Every thing was really great however my daughter said the wings were really greasy.    My family enjoyed the experience of eating with our hands getting messy and sharing all the different options.  Well for sure go back  soon.  Remember shrimp with garlic butter as well as clams with baby spice are really amazing and what I will be going back for!  Enjoy
5 Although Hot N Juicy has been opened for a few weeks now, yesterday was their official grand opening!  Hearing that there's an amazing "buy 1lb of crawfish and get 1lb free," we decided to put off our visit until yesterday.  Being patrons of their Las Vegas location for years already, we were pretty excited to have our very own location here in Phoenix.  Too bad metered parking on Mill Ave sucks butt but oh well!  For their grand opening, there were balloons, a red carpet, a cheesy Hot N Juicy backdrop, and people giving away swanky Corona Extra t-shirts and necklaces.  We arrived exactly at noon and was told there was a 30min wait that ended up being an hour wait.  Oh well!  We got to stand around inside enjoying some sparkling cider, A/C, and being photographed by this sweet gentleman.  After being seated, everything just flew by!  We each ordered 2lbs of crawfish [Hot N Juicy seasoning, medium spice] with an extra pound free and 1lb of shrimp [Lemon Pepper, medium spice].  I never felt so full after eating 2lbs of crawfish in my life!  I barely even touch the shrimp and it had to be taken togo with my extra pound of crawfish.    The Hot N Juicy seasoning has always been my go-to even after all these years of going to Hot N Juicy.  It's the perfect combination of spices, garlic chunks, and herbs.  I like being able to see it coating my crawfishes.  Lemon Pepper is my second favorite because it's a bright sauce with a nice bite of black pepper.  This stuff coats the shrimp well too.  I'm not sure if it's the gratification of not having to drive five-hours to get to Vegas but the crawfish seemed to be even better in this Arizona location.  The service was great, the wait staff and managers were really friendly and checked-up on our table frequently despite how busy it was, and we even got to see the owner!  It was like being on Man v. Food!  I will DEFINITELY be back again.  No more having to drive to Las Vegas for crawfish.  Cheers!
5 Great crawfish, best in Phoenix! Great service too, felt welcome as soon as we entered. Ashley (waitress) was amazing! Will definitely be going back!!
3 Solid, but could have been better. Service was great, and their hot n juicy sauce is quite possibly better than angry crab, but there were issues. While the wings were hot and crispy, they won't put sauce on them, and make you pay for a side of sauce. The shrimp I had were inconsistent. Some were very mushy and some had large veins of shrimp poo in them. While the service and sauce were excellent, overall I still feel angry crab is superior.
3 I personally did not like their "signature" sauce which is their hot n juicy, ummm yuck, it was alright if you have nothing to compare it to but I did and seriously if you're craving this style of food, go to Angry Crab Shack in mesa and get the trifecta sauce, now THAT'S amazing! On top of the sauce being just alright, I asked for mild and it was way too spicy to be considered mild, like nose leaking, mouth on fire, had to wipe off the sauce from crab legs spicy, and I grew up in Asia eating spicy foods so I'm not a whimp. What a waste of 2 lbs of crab legs and $40. Ugh needless to say I'll never get food from here again, I'm willing to make the extra miles to go to mesa to get the real deal!
4 Overall,  good experience.  We went there on Saturday around 1 pm and the hostess told us eta wait time of 15 minutes. The place was full and there was only one other party waiting before us.  We waited for about 20 minutes and our table was ready. I've been to boiling crab in cali several times,  so I was familiar with the drill but my party wasn't.  Our server Jazzmin right away asked us if this was our first time and kindly explained the drill and thoroughly went over each item on the menu and how much we should order.  We ordered half dozen oysters,  assorted shrimp (half lb Louisiana spicy,  pound hot and juicy mild,  and lemon pepper baby spice), corn,  and a catfish basket in case my girl doesn't like the spices on shrimp.  I'm not a huge fan of crawfish, so we skipped that.  When I visit my family in cali,  we always go to boiling crab and one of my favorite things is to order raw oysters as an appetizer before I start devouring my shrimp, so naturally I was looking forward to getting my Oyster first. I even asked the server if they could bring out the oysters before anything else and after she went to check with the kitchen and told us that it couldn't be done. I could've sworn oysters were on appetizer menu.... Anyway,  The first thing they brought out was the lemon pepper shrimp.  My daughter who can't eat spicy seasoning started digging in. Shortly after,  they started  bringing out other shrimp but still no oysters.  I asked the server if we could have our oysters asap as we ordered them for appetizer and she said she'd go check with the kitchen. She came back and told us oysters were still not ready.  By the time we were almost done with our shrimp,  they brought out the catfish basket.  The fish was hot, fresh,  and juicy and the side of sweet potato fries were also fresh.  My girl really like the lemon pepper shrimp,  so we ordered another pound and it came out reasonably quickly.  We were getting too full to finish the extra order of shrimp,  so we asked for a box.  By the time our server brought the box,  we were totally stuffed.  By this time, STILL no oysters.  It's not like our server forgot to put in my order,  she kept on checking with the kitchen every 5 minutes and I don't even know what the hold up was.  We ended up canceling our oysters but of course by the time another server brought our check,  we were still charged for the oysters. So additional 10 minutes or so spent unnecessarily to have the oysters taken out of my check.    Anyway overall everyone in my party was satisfied with the flavor and the amount of food ordered. I was bummed out about not getting my oysters and that's why I give 4 stars but by the time we were done,  I was so satisfactorily full,  it didn't bother me that much that I didn't get my appetizer.  People started pouring in by the time we were leaving  (around 2:30 pm on Saturday) so I think we made it just in time.  Shrimp was plump, seasoning was flavorful (except the Louisiana one.  I mean it was ok but wasn't the best), plenty of drink refill,  our server Jazzmin was attentive,  friendly,  fast,  and knowledgeable,  so overall,  a good experience for us.
5 Been to Hot and juicy a couple of times. Service is very good they always make sure you are having and good experience.  Each time I have the Catfish basket and A pound of shrimp and its been great each time. Love this location and I think Tiffany gives the service in the whole place.
3 Hot N Juicy is a really cool idea.  I love that there are no plates, silverware, or f*cks given.  You order the seafood you want, the sauce on it, and the spice level.  They bring it to you in a bag and each table gets its own roll of paper towels.  You just dig into the bag, eat your food, and toss the leftover shells on the table, again very cool and fun.  However, the sauce I got, Hot N Juicy flavor, was EXTREMELY salty.  Think Ramen Noodle flavor packet salt....  And I got Spicy, and it was barely spicy.  Had the crawfish, mussels, lobster, and crab.  All the seafood was very good.  Wait staff was hit or miss, they did not come around much.  Also they are just starting a full bar, so if you have a margarita, and it tastes good, you're welcome I told the bartender what to do different.  Atmosphere was all over the place.  The music is loud and all over the place, not that it's a bad thing.  Also there was no soap left in the bathroom...  After getting my hands completely covered in sauce basically up to my elbows, I was hoping for some soap to help clean off.  Anyway, I would saw give it a go because their seafood was tasty,  but just be weary of the sauces.
4 I'm becoming a regular here, lol. There was a lot of people for Saturday night and I expected it. So, me and my friend went to the bar across the street (Zipps) for a few beers. I think they told us the wait was 45 min. to an hour so we thought we came back in time, but we didn't and our spot got taken. It wasn't a big deal because 5 min. later we got seated.   Ordered the usual crawfish, hot n juicy mix/spicy and then also got the half pound shrimp with the same seasoning mix with a side of rice. Everything tasted very good!!  Also, our server was Tiffany and she was awesome! Her customer service was very exceptional and wouldn't mind having her as my server next time I eat here!
3 I had 2 lbs of clams, 2 lbs of shrimps, 2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 dozen of oysters, a dozen of sausages, 4 sodas, and a sweet potato fries. The bill was about $100. The food was good, meter parking sure was not worth the trouble. I had garlic butter seasoning and I thought they were a tad salty. Oysters were fresh and yummy! The sausages were definitely very salty. The service was ok. There were only 2 tables when we got there, around 4 pm. The whole time we were there, there were 4 tables with customers. Nobody bother to come by to ask how did we like the food or refill our drinks or if we needed anything else. They never brought gloves over when we asked for them. Such a bummer!
4 I'm not a huge crawfish person but this place is good.  I got the 1 pound of shrimp and that's seriously enough for one person because I couldn't finish it.  The service was good I was just confused to why their trash cans are located right outside of their entry way.  I think that's pretty gross considering they having people sitting outside and walking in.  I understand you have to dispose of everything for the guests seated out on the patio but don't place it directly in the front where everyone can see it.  Also, the beer on tap was warm which is not too pleasant so hopefully they figure it out soon since they only have been open for a few months.  Other than that, the food was bomb. Greg is a dope server.  He's personable, polite and has a positive attitude which I value in a business.  I'll be back again!
2 They charged us more than market listed price by a few dollars food was average tasted like everything had too much celery salt on it ... Not a good experience ... I would rather eat at angry crab any day way better food and this place only gives you one wet nap for real lets not be cheap now ..
5 Did not expect to like this place.  No plates or silverware, everything covered in plastic, bib on the table, offered plastic gloves to wear to eat dinner.  The whole concept just seemed off putting.    I was wrong.  It was great!  I enjoyed every messy bit.   We had clams, crab, shrimp, potatoes and corn all served to our table in plastic bags fresh out of the boil.    The service was excellent as they made us feel like we were their only customers.    The only downside is that parking on Mill is a challenge so we parked in one of the pay garages and it cost $8.
1 The crawfish wasn't very fresh.  Half of the crawfish in both of my orders were very mushy as if they were previously frozen or precooked the previous day or something.  The sauce in both orders were too sweet, lacking the Cajun flavor that I'm used to eating.  Our waiter recommended the Cajun calamari, but when it came out, there was no Cajun spice added to the dish at all. We informed our waiter that perhaps he placed the wrong order and he told us he would check with the kitchen staff.  We never saw him after that, and we were still charged for the dish.  Overall, I feel that the crawfish was not up to standard, and the staff didn't seem to care.  I'm not sure why the Food Network featured this restaurant.
4 This place is VERY good. I went there for the very first time today and overall I had a great experience. The staff was super friendly, the food was actually very good, when I was on the website to see what they had it did not seem appealing; but the food said it all. It was interesting the fact that the food comes in a bag but there is a reason why that is; the food is super messy ! But VERY GOOD!    The only complaint I have about this is the fact that they open up at 12:00pm which I wish they open up earlier for lunch.  Overall, if you have not been here, you must go !
5 This place is delicious!! The only regret I have is I should have gotten the hot instead of medium. The service was excellent and a great location! Can't wait to go back.
3 Great food but terrible parking. I called in a To-go order and spent 20minutes circling attempting to find parking. I love the food and will go back but if you think you're going to quickly get in and out you might be disappointed.
1 Don't head over for an early business lunch since they don't open till noon. Here is a hint for a restaurant owner in Arizona. It's hot outside. We start work early. We eat lunch early. You are losing a lot of business if you don't open by 11. 11:30 at the latest.
5 Been there 4 times already and Hot n Juicy has not disappoint our family!!!! Awesome service by Myra and Trent and great seafood. We will definitely be back. Great job !!!'
3 I like the place but since it's still new the service still needs work.  Always ordering at least 2 lb crawfish and mussel (green) fries are always good.  I tried the etoufee was cold.  So that wasn't good.. But slightly satisfying the cravings
3 (Lyrics - Katy Perry - Hot N Cold)  You serve your food In a bag, while it's warm Yeah your, crawfish spice (stings!) Like a bitch, I would know  And I over think Always order the dungeness I should know That you're so good for me.....  Cause you're HotNJuicy I'm Yum then I'm Ohh I'm in then I'm out I'm up then I'm down  A well respected establishment that has a reputation from Vegas to LA and now PHX!  I came with a couple of my gal pals since one of us attended Angry Crab about a month ago and was delighted. We ordered pretty much the simple things, 1lb of crawfish with the Hot N Juicy sauce at medium, oysters, dungeness crab, and some wings and cajun fries.  First off, I went for the oyster; definitely not the freshest, but hey we live in a desert! Then the crawfish; much larger than I'm used to so kudos on that.  The sauce is what makes the crawfish boil here.  I thought it grainy and thick and probably could be a little more watery.  The wings, well I had better else where since they were quite soggy. The cajun fries were good and crunchy and finally based on my friends take, the dungeness crab was pretty good. I'd say the sauce was okay at best, but nothing too WOW!  In the end, I guess I don't get the rave about these crawfish eateries, but can appreciate them. My overall service was excellent. The ambiance was tacky as most crawfish joints, but I would recommend a hand cleaning station outside the restrooms. - Enjoy!
4 Food was excellent. Not as good as the Boiling Crab wholeshebang but seafood was just as fresh! I'd recommend it for all seafood lovers!
1 Hot N Juicy should be renamed Slow N Sorry!!!!  They can't remember orders, they make excuses for their incompetence and worst of all, they over cook the seafood, which makes it come out slowly. How do you forget bringing 2 lbs of Crawfish when that is the main thing you advertise in your name?   They need to really re-think their business model and consider some professional leadership and server training.   Don't be surprised when you walk away disappointed, insulted and confused on why something so good can go so wrong.
3 I have been here 4 times always get the shrimp lemon pepper w/ Cajun fries which comes out great! Service is a hit and miss so don't be surprise on a busy night things are missing. Can't beat the Vegas location
