1 The attendant is cranky!!! The whole time we were there she was complaining about how she came in early and is just waiting to leave. She didn't say this directly to me, but I overheard saying this many times to god knows who. This place is also way overpriced and their henna is blotchy...lighter/darker in some areas. If you walk less than one block south, there is a henna stand which charges less and quality/service is 200 times better. Ken, the guy who did my henna was also cranky and had no personality. Obviously, the people who work here hate their job.
3 Went in to do a spontaneous tattoo on a recent trip. Tattoo artist was nice and did a great job. However, we negotiated a price of $100 (shop minimum), plus $20 for biohazard and tax for my tattoo and my wife. Basic math:  $100+$20=$120. Multiple that by two and gee the total should be $240 plus tax. Why were we charged $362.98?????  I had the shop attendant (whiny brat the whole time we were there, blonde chick with a giant chest piece looks like a heart) double check her numbers and she said "it's right!" And charged the card.   Planned on have serious work done here when I return in august....  NOPE!
2 Our artist, Penny, was AMAZING - I cannot say enough good things about her. Easily could have given her alone 5 stars. My tattoo was small with a lot of tiny detail - and it couldn't have turned out more perfect. Everyone else in my group was just as impressed with theirs.   But, be warned - you will pay significantly more than you are quoted!! We were given a much lower price by the shady guy at the desk the night before in order to get a down payment from us, and then made an appointment for the next day. Immediately when we got there the next day, we were told by the artist that the price we were given wasn't even realistic. It ended up being a bit more and I thought we were done there - nope.  AFTER our tattoos were finished we found out about all the other extra random fees and things that were tacked on that this guy didn't bother to tell us up front. It ended up being WAY more for all of us than we had expected. Otherwise a great place if not for the totally deceptive business practices this guy will use to get you to commit.
1 Well price was negotiated at four hundre ad when tattoo was over and time to check out the bill suddenly became $498 how embarrassing I had to borrow a few bucks from a buddy to top it all off the next day the ink starts to fall out and I have over 50 tattoos on me so I'm very knowledgeable on how to take care of them wouldn't recommend this place to anyone . I wish I could post a photo to show everyone.
