4 Brand new place. Ordered the burger and sp fries. Burger was fantastic, fries were sparse and a little under cooked, but the burger more than made up for it. Great happy hour specials like a 22 oz draft for $3 and long happy hours. Even better than PTs. Nice looking place, plenty of tvs. The bartender was friendly and attentive. I'll be back.
5 Went in to the GAP and had the KC Burger. Great burger and great atmosphere. This is a good place to go and hang out if you are a local to LV and want to watch a few games on their huge tv's.
5 The interior is completely redone and it looks nice. Lots of tvs, granite bar tops, nice tables and they still have the pool table! They have a great happy hour everyday and their menu is extensive. I ordered the wings, GAP combo (choice of pizza and salad 8$) and my boyfriend had the American sliders. The pizza was the best. I got chicken pesto and the dough was soo good. The wings were crispy, which I like. The fries are fresh you can tell they make them from scratch. The sauce on the sliders was different, I'm not sure how I feel about it. the waitress/bartender was super friendly and always kept my drink filled. She also remembered what I liked, which was nice.
5 Upscale Pub. Completely new inside. TVs everywhere! Staff was very attentive and friendly. The Food is very good!  Not just the normal Bar/Pub stuff.  And our food came out quickly.   Very good. Will probably make this our go to place.
2 Not very good in my opinion.  Bar was not even packed but yet it took a while to get a beer.  It wasn't the waitresses fault because I could see the bartenders just walking around and talking.    Food was horrible.  Appetizer was the homemade tater tots.    Seemed like they burn them and then serve them to you.  Had the cowboy something burger.  Can't even remember the name.  The bun was dry and fell apart after a few bites.  The brisket inside was tuff and dry.  Prices are a little higher than normal bars.  $24.00 for  3 margaritas that didn't seem like they had any alcohol.  The only good thing about this place was the waitress. Very friendly and cheerful.   I wouldn't be surprised if I see this place on bar rescue within the next few years.   Sorry guys but I won't be back.
5 I've lived in Vegas for 23 years and used to the Old Vegas Hospitality, when I visited bars.  In the last several years the big corporations started buying up all the good bars. The rest were mediocre.   Before this, the bar was run by different owners. I went in one time, walked through, and immediately left. There was no place to sit and the music was crap.  The Great American Pub opened last week. I have pretty much been in every night. I wanted to wait until I could give it a review.  I love it! The new owners totally renovated the place. There is now a full bar instead of a half bar. In addition to that, tables surround the place! Plenty of space for people to sit. No matter where you sit, there's a TV to watch. They also have a huge projection screen that they can pull down for big games!   The service is by far the best in the immediate area! It's tucked between 2 other bars which are not so great. The sign reads, "Gaming, Spirits, Hospitality." Basically explains the place! I have never been treated so well!   The food is by far the best in Vegas! Even if I lived in Lake Las Vegas, Centennial Hills, or northeast Las Vegas, I'd take the drive to come here. I must add, I hate driving in this town, but well worth the drive.   They have way better, selections for beer & liquor than most bars in the area.   There's a lot to be said about a bar that is busy all the time! I've been in for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night drinks... There is always people in there.  Most bars and pubs in Vegas only cater to gamblers. This place is different. They give equal service to all the patrons! I bar hopped on Saturday night, and wanted a good view of the bars in the area. Only this bar, and my last regular bar did I get the service I expect!   They have an underground parking area under the bar, which is great for the Vegas summer weather.   I have finally found, a home away from home. I can't wait until this bar opens more locations!  In addition to service, excellent food, great drinks, they also have wonderful music!  The best part is, there's a jute box with even better selections.   If you're a fan of Golden Tee, the newest machine in the area. Or, if you like to play pool, they have a great pool table!  The first word on the sign, is Great. This is the Greatest Bar in Las Vegas!
4 This place is Fantastic! It has a good vibe, everyone seems willing to make sure you're well taken care of. Alot of the food items taste amazing and this is exactly the type of place we need in this neighborhood
5 The happy hour (2-6) GAP Combo-$8 salad and your choice of pizza, is SOOO good. The pesto chicken pizza is my favorite!
5 We visited the Great American Pub for the first time.  The food was great and the service was super!  We had wings and the chopped salad, and enjoyed both.    Thanks Christina!  The Great American Pub is going on our short list of fun places.
5 We checked this place out yesterday and ended up singing with strangers ...wow is that a FUN bar! Feels like spring break in there! It doesn't look like much from the outside but you HAVE to stop in ! The food was great, I have never had a chicken wing quite like this!!!! Service-awesome. There is gaming although we don't gamble ... please try this new bar - I really really really don't want it to close! It just seems too good to be true FUN BAR
1 If you smoke this is a great place my eyes were burning the minute I walked in the door
2 When you walk in this place the set up is really nice for watching games and big parties. They have a lot of  machines for gambling.   The drink specials are impressive.  The food is ok, the sliders were nothing memorable. The fries were pretty good. The street tacos are tasty. The pizza was blah. It didn't do anything for me.   The server we had was terrible. And we when we got up to order drinks at the bar then we got her attention, and she came and asked us what we wanted. Never came by to refill waters or to see if we wanted anything else.  I wil try and give this place another try, but maybe just sit at the bar to get better service.
3 This place is an average bar in Las Vegas. It's somewhat filled with smoke which sucks. The waitresses came around just enough; Bloody Mary wasn't very good. Vodka tonics were ok.   We ordered sliders. Came out cold and didn't have much sauce to them. They would have been better if they were warm. The sweet potatoes fries didn't look good but they were good which was nice. My friend got the waffle fries and they tasted like vegetable oil and in the light you could see the greasy shimmer - but it's bar food, what to be expected.   My friend ordered a sandwich at the same time as we did, the kitchen burnt it so the waitress said she sent it back before he even got it. He got his food after we were already done with ours. At least he was compensated a beer for the wait.   This place is ok- I wouldn't drive out of my way to visit but it was an exit away so we gave it a try. Comparable to a PTs.
