5 The best in food and atmosphere in Vegas, I am here for 5 days and will tell people about it.
5 We took a detour from the usual Jersey Mike's lunch today and ended up next door at the newly opened Tacos and Beer.  5 stars for a taco place!?  Yeah yeah, I'm breaking my own rule that no place that serves everyday food should get more than 4 stars but the extra star is to keep this place going so I can come back for lunch over and over.    The tacos are excellent...not as big as a "Los Tacos" taco but very tasty.  Definitely an artisan concept as other reviewers say.  Everything we tried was complex in ingredients and flavor (as much as you can pack into a street taco sized portion).  Our table tried out almost all the tacos on the menu and there was an overall preference for the various pork tacos but they were all good.  Service was fantastic but we need to go back to re-review as traffic was light today and it seemed all the staff was focused on a few tables.  Hope more people start going so they can continue to do well.    Definitely looking to go back after work to try all the beers....oh yeah...the tomatillo salsa was the best I've had in a while.
4 It was off to a slow start, I kept track of how long it took to get our tacos by my check in time and it took 44 minutes to get our 6 tacos. But the staff was apologetic and made sure we were okay so no problem. I understand that since they just opened Tuesday, that  they probably haven't gotten a quick system going yet but I'm sure they'll be faster next time.  Their beer menu is pretty impressive, I forgot to count but it looked like 6 pages of beer selections and cocktails to choose from. One thing I was a little sad about, no horchata :( I must have horchata  with my tacos!!! Maybe even make an alcoholic version! Lol  The main thing that makes their tacos stand out is the tortilla! Not too thick or thin, freshly handmade and had perfect texture! Delicious! The guacamole and chips also tasted really fresh and it was a pretty big portion. We ordered 2 pork al pastor, 2 carne asada, 1 beef adobado, and 1 chicken tinga. Oh my, I will definitely be back for the al pastor, it was perfect! The pineapple with the pork and the perfect tortilla, heaven! The carne asada was a little lacking in the seasoning, the adobado had a good flavor to it and so did the chicken tinga.  The pricing was also  great! Our total bill was $39 for 6 tacos, a cocktail, and guacamole with chips. I will definitely be back to try the other tacos and flan and fingers crossed that it'll be quicker next time! If it is, 5 stars :)
1 We stopped in here for lunch instead of Jersey Mike's. I regret it. It took 30 minutes to get five tacos. There were barely any other customers in the restaurant and we sat for that long. I ordered two bean and cheese tacos, they didn't come with half the ingredients the menu listed.  Also, be prepared to pay $6 for Tecate.  For those prices, you're better off anywhere else. The food didn't taste great, it was severely over-priced, missing key ingredients, and took much longer than necessary.  Patrons beware.
4 This is GOURMET Tacos and MICROBREW Beer - this is NOT your usual Tex Mex and Corona kind of place.  I saw on Yelp that it was a new business on Paradise Blvd and vowed to check it out after work.  It's in the old Firefly building.  Many great memories on that patio :). The decor is all redone Spanish mission style and much better lit now.  I ended up getting the shrimp tacos.  Small street tacos with intense flavor profiles and a small side of gormet salsa. I also got a Hitachino's Nest -- this is a Japanese microbrew and they have it ON DRAFT!  The beer list is written on the wall by the bar and contains all the best stuff- Unitis, Lost Coast, Stone, Brooklyn Brewing.  Staff was attentive and really sweet and funny.  I'm so happy to have found this.  Ok I just read that this place is owned by Mr Simmons - that owns Firefly.  They have had some pretty publicized scrapes with the Health Inspector in the past. Make your own decision.  Casinos do get away with a lot compared to small private places.  It looked VERY clean and well run when I was there.
5 Great atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, food smelled and tasted excellent! Too bad I'm moving to the other side of town, gonna have to make up some excuses to get over here. Had the enchiladas. Prices are reasonable for the area
2 Service is slow and relaxed. If you are not patient or are in a rush maybe not the best place. We weren't greeted for 7 minutes. 3 tacos took 25 minutes. But they were delicious. Our server told us nothing. The server at the table behind us explained the menu and threw out some special facts. Glad I listened in. There Are 10 selections of tacos from carne asada skirt steak, chicken, beef, pork, veggie, mahi mahi, shrimp, bean and cheese, and ground beef. Tacos come 1 to an order and are $3.25-$4.25 a piece. There are 10 selections of "other stuff" from tamales to enchiladas to ceviche. 8 selections of side dishes and 3 deserts. 8 specialty cocktails that are all $9 and 19 beers on tap from $5-$12. Happy hour is 3-6 mon to fri. Happy hour specials are 5 food selections from $2-$3 and 5 drinks for $2.50-$4. 12 simple bottled beer ranging from $4-$5 and a more complex selection of bottled beer from $6-$12. There are some really exquisite options of beer from $13 -$22. 12 dark malt beers from $7-$22 and hoppy-bitter beers from $6-$18. Same owner as firefly apparently. Hopefully it works out and they add more to the menu for food.  I ordered another carne asada taco because I liked it so much and it came out totally different. Same trip :/ wtf.  First week so I guess they gotta get their groove but woah work it out quick y'all. Manger checked on all the tables around us. Never checked on us. Not the best first impression.
5 Had a really excellent lunch today - Chips and Salsa were awesome and the tacos were awesome! We were in and out in about 30 minutes which we thought was good but it was not busy at all - the service was outstanding!
4 Driving down Paradise on the way to the convention center and my wife was hungry so we stopped in.  Really good food.  Good chips, good salsa.  Her taco was fresh and delicious.    The waitress was really accommodating to all our requests.    If your thinking about eating here give it a try.
5 Absolutely amazing!  Great guacamole,  great salsa, great corn salad, fresh and awesome!
5 Let me start off by saying I am a huge taco fan!  So when I tell you that the tacos here are some of the best tacos I've ever had, that really means something. I've been here multiple times and tried almost all the tacos so far, my favorites are the al pastor and the veggie. The al pastor is so flavorful with little chunks of pineapple on top... And you might think I'm crazy when I say the veggie taco is one of my favorites, most people like meat in their tacos, but this veggie taco is so tasty! Mashed potato in place of meat, mushrooms and what ever else veggies it has, perfect... It might just turn me vegetarian! Jk but it is very good. I'm not a beer fan at all, so I can't comment on the beers, but the cocktails I've had are the Dirty South Andy (kinda like a Moscow mule with little tweaks) and House Margarita (it has "salt air" instead of salted rim which is pretty unique and cool!). This place is pretty new still but I think once the word gets around it will be pretty popular!
5 Really refreshing take on Mexican food!  The ingredients are super fresh u can tell and great quality of food.  Prices are totally reasonable and the staff is super nice!  Very helpful and friendly!  I think I've even met the owner a few times and she is very nice as well.  My new favorite spot near work.  Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo here tonight!  PS - even better is that I just 2 free tacos cus the kitchen made some extra..not too shabby!
5 i am so glad i tried this place, i was there last saturday and i came back today, the have my favorite beers dogfish 120, cantillon sour , i tried an italian IPA that they recommended it was delicious they have that on draft.  service was great, very friendly staff and everyone very attentive i sat at the bar and jesus was the bartender cool guy very knowledgeable. the place is super cool. the decoration is unique, best tacos in las vegas, im from mexico and i know about tacos, these are different but good, they use traditional mexican ingredients, but the decoration is fancy...... i tried all the deserts and my favorite was the flan......
5 Great location and awesome late night local place! Diverse beer list with the best bottle and draft beer prices in town. Laid back and cool new place to check out
5 Came here for dinner today, (Tuesday)  The service was GREAT, very attentive, and quick! The tacos were delicious. The handmade tortillas really add to the taste. We tried just about every taco on the menu. The ones that really stood out were the Puerco Verde Taco, Adobada Taco, Al Pastor and Crunchy Taco. These were absolutely amazing. We did not enjoy the Carne Asada taco or shrimp taco as much as the others, but they were okay.  The chips and salsa were fresh. All around great food, keep it up!
5 Best tacos ever and great selection on the beers, should try the puerco verde and adobada!  Best food,bar,customer service ever.  Best new spot on vegas!!!!
4 *our waiter was super friendly and our food came out super fast  *The chips were probably made there because they came out hot and were so amazing  *the tacos were some of the best tacos I've had in Vegas  *the only downfall, be prepared to pay $4.25 for ONE taco. AND everything is ala carte.  * I heard it's only $2 for tacos during happy hour. Will definitely be coming back but during that time only.
5 Great tacos, great beer selection and awesome service!
3 Rating businesses on a 5-star system can be uncomfortable. We've been accustomed to thinking that only a 4-5 star restaurant is acceptable but please remember that 3-stars in YELP means "A-OK" which in my book, means I would return.  Came in Sunday afternoon for a quick bite to eat at the recommendation of a friend. Within our group of four, none of us had been there before but were all happy with the food.   We had a couple of instances where our server may have gotten overwhelmed. We were her first table, but quickly picked up 3-5 more tables and that could have crossed her threshold of comfort. She was VERY sweet and we did not pressure her. From our table, three of us had been bartenders/servers so although we were understanding, our expectations were higher.   Our guacamole was asked to be served without pumpkin seeds, it came with. We were given an additional guacamole as compensation. One of our tacos was asked to be served without the traditional flour tortilla, it came with the flour tortilla. There were just a few instances where our very specific dietary requests were not met.   Regardless, the food was pretty decent. I was not impressed with their chicken taco but was very happy with the pork (had pineapple in it too). For the bigger eater, the bill can run a bit high than you might expect but you can tell this is absolutely a great spot for happy hour.  We will be back!
2 Ridiculous. They've been open for at least a couple months now, and they're operating as if they'd thrown together a crew of teenagers last night to open today.  We stood at the front for 3-4 mins near the absent hostess table before we began to be greeted. I say "began" because before she was even finished with her sentence, the person who greeted us promptly turned around and walked off talking to another worker.  A minute later someone else hesitantly approached us, and the first girl came back and addressed him as if we weren't there: "can you seat them?" He did; left & came back only seconds later to take drink orders, and since we hadn't had time to walk up to the bar & look at the current beer selection (the taps change & their waiters evidently don't bother memorizing what's there), he disappeared for a while.  He finally reemerged, took our drink orders, said "that's it?" and in the 4 secs it took us process & say "um, just to drink, yeah, but food wise..." he was gone again. He didn't come back until later in the evening. I say "evening" because the whole experience of ordering & receiving 2 drinks & 4 tacos took nearly two hours.  A different guy walked over 10-15 mins later and asked if we were OK. I told him we wanted to order food, to which he replied, "oh, I'm just filling in, I'll be back." Why did you ask if you weren't expecting to have to do anything about it? To his credit, he did come right back and take our order, and you could tell that he probably had just been called over from Firefly to help out; he was the most communicative out of all the employees we encountered. He checked on our still absent drinks for us and apologized for the wait.  Meanwhile, it was still 30 mins or so before 2 of our 4 tacos were finally delivered. It was another 10-15 mins or so before someone else (who'd also apparently just arrived) came by and asked how we were doing. I said we were still waiting on half our order, and he went to check on it. It was another several mins before the other two got delivered -- and one was missing half of the ingredients the menu said came on it. I finally got someone's attention and let them know. He brought it back to the kitchen window, where one of the cooks dumped a small dollop of salsa & avocado pieces on it, & it was brought back and put in front of me by the first waiter kid, who turned & left again without so much as an apology.  By this time I'm kind of over it all, so when the guy who also apparently just got there came back over to ask how everything was, I told him how there'd been several misses over the course of our time there and I really couldn't see myself coming back. He apologized & said he'd just gotten there (yeah, I gathered that much), and next time he came by he said he'd take care of our food. The 4 tacos cost less than our 2 drinks, so I guess that's good for them.  Food-wise, it was meh. Salsa was decent, but had no spice at all. Chips OK. The veggie and the beans & cheese tacos were pretty good; the baja & chicken tinga tacos, not so much. All together, food would have been a solid 3 stars, & beer selection is decent. The myriad customer service faults dropped it to 1 star. Raised to 2 stars because at least the dude comped the food part of our bill, & one of the other dudes had brought us a second thing of chips & salsa because our food was taking so long.
5 Corn salad and the guacamole is fantastic! The tacos have a nice fire roasted flavor. Beer selection is extensive and the bartenders are nice and attentive. Garret took good care of us. I love this place! I will be back.
2 The food was great! Service below expectations. What ruined it for me was a chef walking around drinking beer outside with patrons.  Then he came inside walking around with beer in hand giving employees direction. Then he asked some patrons to do shots with him at the bar. Not very professional.
5 Best. Place. Ever!!  This spot was once a hang for my girl and I when it was called another name. I wasn't sure what to expect when it became a new establishment. On a whim I took my band mates there last night for a real chill hang. It also happened to be Happy Hour (we showed up around 12:30 am)   First, we were totally welcomed by great great staff. . Super nice, informative on beer selection and food options. Staff A+   I am a big fan off unique beers AND THEY'VE GOT EM! Beer A+   The decor in this place blew me away! Completely different and way way better than the "old place" Vibe and Decor A+  FOOD!! These tacos were grand. And I was happy to see at 1 am they would put great effort into a well made taco. Fresh, tasty and with an awesome presentation. FOOD A+  I will be back religiously. Thank you to the staff (sorry can't recall names =o) for being gracious and welcoming!  Go To Tacos & Beer!  Epic
5 Came to tacos and beer for happy hour today for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised! I'm always happy to see quite a few vegetarian options on the menu. The veggie taco was delicious! I can't wait to try to jicama salad next time.  We had 3 tacos, 2 margaritas and 2 Pacificos for 20 bucks! Can't beat that!
4 I had a great experience sitting at the bar, the bartender was very nice and the ambiance is great for watching a sporting event in a low key environment.   The items I had were:   Corn salad- more like a corn salsa, went well with the chips  Pineapple habenaro salsa- good flavor profile but didn't care for the apple sauce like consistency   Cilantro lime rice- cooked well but could barely make out the cilantro and lime   Carne Asada- extremely salty   Pork al pastor- this was my favorite of the three tacos because it had the most balanced flavors   Fish- very juicy fish but a little salty and was not a fan of the flour tortilla  Churros- cooked to perfection, maybe a little too much cinnamon sugar but this was my favorite of the night   Overall, this restaurant is very promising and sets itself apart from other Vegas restaurants with its friendly and competent service.
4 Often go here late at night for happy hour and they have $2 and $3 tacos and cheap beer specials. The flavour is amazing! The service is fantastic! I recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious taco-- not overly authentic but still has lots of delicious Mexican flare. Relatively new-- I have a feeling they will do well!
5 Been there 2x both times tacos were delicious! Servers need a lil more help getting the drinks out faster but the food is great! Can't wait to go again!
5 Yeah, the reviews don't lie. This place was pretty awesome. The décor is nice, the staff super friendly and there's good food with lots of variety on the beer menu.  There's not a lot I can add to the previous reviews, so just take my word for it...you're gonna like it. I'm excited to head back
5 I am staying at the Residence Inn and was looking for a late lunch. Was contemplating the Sub Shop next door but saw the sign "Tacos & Beer" and thought what could be better than that! I was pleased with the blues filled bar and many taps. The menu is simple alacart style and you can mix your order any way you like. Prices are low and the food was off the charts good. Oh did I mention happy hour from 3-6 and 11 to close with $3 Mexican beer, $4 Margaritas and a great selection of tacos for $2 & $3. This is going to be my regular stop for the best tacos around.
4 Amazingly bad service, with great food. Our server abandoned us after we ordered, not allowing us to order anymore drinks or even refill what was on the table. There was around a forty minute period after we finished eating that nobody came over, eventually we flagged down a bus boy who got the waiter. And then our bill included items we didn't even order.  Edit:  The manager reached out to me and discussed the situation.  It sounds like it was just a hiccup that comes with a rookie staff in a recently opened restaurant.  The manager was truly excellent in how he handled my complaints.  I have changed my review score to reflect the food more highly rather than the service, because I believe the service will improve with time.  The food is truly good and they have the best craft beer menu in the area by far.
5 Great atmosphere, great food. My friends and I were looking for a place after work to just relax. We found this place and were not dissapointed. We sat at the bar and ordered tacos and some cocktails. I recommend the Puerco Verde taco and for signature drinks,  I recommend the Dirty South Andy. Just an overall great experience!
3 I had such high hopes for this place since my coworkers talked it up so much. The carne asada tacos were bomb. Shrimp tacos were meh, I wish I would've ordered more carne asada instead of the shrimp. Service was very slow it took like 15 minutes to get my beer and they're always out if Dos Equis (according to my coworkers). We had a group of 8 so we had a decent sized table. Almost every order was messed up and only two checks came out right. It took her 20 minutes to correct the issue. The guy bringing out the food was getting frustrated because nothing was right they were clearly upset with us because we kept telling them "This is the wrong order." Or "We're missing a taco from this order." But hey we're paying for our stuff so I think our orders should be correct. I'll probably try this place one more time before I give up on it. Hopefully I'll have an updated review soon! Oh and I don't recommend the frozen margaritas $7 for a small super weak drink it's good for light weight ;)
3 Wow. Ok.. first of all...   WHY IS IT ALWAYS SO BRIGHT FOR EVENING SERVICE? it seriously kills any chance for ambiance.   SO...Finally getting a chance to visit this spot since the change over from Firefly. Ok, here's what was good. The food tasted right, nothing muddied in the flavors and clean executions with seasoning. "Mexican" style food can often get a lil crammed in with too much going on. You can tell that quality marinades, and proper prep work went into the grub here.   Having said that... Service was really lacking.   The female server that greeted us, never came back until we were near done with food. The guy that appeared to be the busser, took our orders and served most of the meal, then he disappeared and the manger served us.   The drinks literally took 17 minutes for 1 house Margarita, and 1 beer. The second round took 12 minutes, and the third took 18 minutes! I couldn't help but time it because it was so ridiculous. In addition, the Margaritas came to the table without the 'salt foam' and had to go back to the bar 3 different times just to be fixed. The food we ordered actually arrived before the first round of drinks.   On top of it, its just sloppy all over. Not one inkling that any type of service training is going on here. It's not that serious when you're in a casual-ish spot like this.. but when things you order aren't coming out in a timely manner or made properly.. it's just not cool.   The staff was all over the place, seemingly in a panic over the service. Everyone was so frantic, and things were not happening to make it a good experience for someone dining. Couldn't even get water glasses for my buddies that joined us.    Wouldn't take much to make this place as popular as Firefly. Currently, they need a lil adjusting. Happy Eating!
5 Hands down the best tacos I've ever had!!! The "rajas con creme" and "veggie" are my favorite! The house margarita or red beer are the perfect compliment to these entrees. The service was amazing! The bartender even remembered me from a previous visit! Everyone was friendly and knowledgable of the menu and specialty drinks. The manager "Chuy" checked on me to make sure I was happy. The restaurant was clean and the seating very comfortable. They also offer outdoor seating under a covered patio. I would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
2 Do these people not have taste buds? Not only was I disappointed but I was shocked for how much the bill was for the 3 tacos and a drink. First off I'm Mexican and in no way does this food taste authentic. The tacos were dry and the the mix paloma drink was awful. This place honestly makes Roberto's taco shop seem delicious. Save yourself the trouble and just go to firefly. The food may be expensive there but at least the ceviche they make will be 10 times better than at this place.
5 Best tacos ever! Prices are great and quality is even better- all of their food and tacos are like art which are complimented well with the service of their staff and artistic design of the restaurant. Definitely the place to go for some good food and drinks!
5 Tacos & Beer is muy delicious! happy hour starts at 11pm which includes $2 beers and $3 tacos! My favorite is the pork verde tacos. Super nice employees and a very cool vibe a must see for locals and visitors.
1 Hi Yelpers, this is my first review, and to be honest the first time I have been absolutely compelled to write a review. I only wish I had pictures to illustrate my point.  My story goes: I spent all night driving to Vegas with a jonesing for some tacos and I stumbled upon this spot. The ambiance, menu and staff were great (4.5 out of 5). Now the food was... horrible. The chips were stale (I dunno how that even happens?), and the tacos were uneatable. No flavor whatsoever, and the ingredients seemed a day old. The final straw was when I opened my al pastor taco and saw a single piece of cilantro! Just one piece! These cooks bestowed no pride or effort into making these tacos, I would have been better served at TacoBell (and I hate saying it). My only mistake was taking my food to go, or else I would have demanded my money back! I wish this restaurant well, and maybe they can turn it around but until then, stay away, far far away from this place.   In a nutshell: The taco's are equivalent to cafeteria food, but the ambiance is great, and unless thats your thing don't waste your money.
3 I have done pick up since place is so close to my job but last Friday was first time I at inside. The food is awesome but service is not that great. It took over 15 minutes to get our 2nd drink order placed and another 20 minutes before they even brought them back. They weren't even busy so I don't know why they took so long. Also I wanted to try the frozen margarita with sangria but the sangria wasn't frozen so had to settle for a a regular frozen margarita.
5 We started our evening with the margaritas which were made with tajín salt foam, fresh squeezed lime and agave nector, and it just got better from there.  The guacamole was rich and chunky. The tacos were all great, but our favorite was the pork al pastor. The meat was marinated with achiote and chipotle and covered on avacado cream. The pineapple was a nice touch.   Our server Daniel was fantastic. Great sense of humor and a lot of fun.   This was a great surprise after arriving to the airport hours earlier. I would highly recommend it!
5 AWESOM!!!   Great food, great beer and great service. Fresh made tortillas!!!!  The freshest fish tacos!!!  Corn salad was great along with the black beans!!!   Will eat there the next time!!!   Cool place to go.  Nice selection of bees!!!!!   And reasonable prices!!!!   Get off the strip and EAT there!!!
5 BE CAREFUL! It is SO easy to fill up on the chips and salsa. Start with their delicious guacamole and be sure to add the pomegranate and pumpkin seeds for $1. Typically carne asada is the way to go, but it's definitely further down the list here. Not because it's bad, but because there are others that are simply incredible.   If you like fish Tacos, try the grilled or fried Mahi Mahi, it's very tasty and full of flavor. The beef options are plentiful with lengua, ground, and steak. Then their are a few veggie options, which I haven't tried, and finally... The coup de grace, the pork. First is the pork Verde, which is pretty much sauce less and has (get this) pork rinds. It's very tasty. Lastly, their pork al pastor is to die for. Pineapple, some delicious sauce, perfectly prepared pork and more. Literally the perfect taco.   On top of the food, this joint has the BEST brews in Vegas. I'm a snob about this stuff, and believe me, the selection is INCREDIBLE.   Anyway, if you're on Yelp, you clearly will try this place out before got believe me. Do it. You won't be disappointed.
3 There seems to be a lot of rave around this place.  Let me be completely honest with this place and say that it's very average.  Some of the tacos are really good, many of them are very average, and a few of them are not good at all. It's about $2-$4 per taco, and they are very small.  You will get one order of complimentary chips and salsa, and then you have to pay to have a refill.  I think I ended up paying about $12 for my lunch, and I was pretty hungry afterwards. The environment is very casual, with plenty of televisions to watch any sports games going on. I haven't had the alcohol, so I can't speak to any of that.  As far as the food goes, it's very average and you could get a much better taco at Los Tacos or Tacos El Gordo. I wouldn't avoid eating here, but this would definitely not be my destination of choice.
5 This place is amazing! Craft beers are my favorite and they have an amazing selection. Told Hank the bar tender/ GM  what I was in the mood for and knew the perfect beer to go with some killer tacos! I live in LA and I will drive to Vegas just to go back to this place.
5 This is amazing, interesting mexican food made with great care. Delicious food at a surprisingly great price!
5 You must do this place for happy hour!! $2 tacos $3 Mexican beer.  The tacos were super delish.  A nice twist on Mexican meets America.  We enjoyed one al pastor and one barbacoa crunchy.  They are bigger than traditional tacos., so $2 is way cheap.  The service was great, too.  We'll be back!
2 Food was great but our server was horrible. Didn't check on us at all. . As we wanted to order more food. . No water refill.. waited a good 10 to 15 for our check. As servers/managers ourselves in the business, This was not acceptable & very disappointing.
5 Place was recommended to us by a staff member at the Hard Rock.... Thank you !!! I am pretty sure the mahi mahi fish taco was the best I have ever had. I also got a shrimp taco- just as delicious. My husband said his 4 were off the hook. Great selection of Microbrew beers on tap- Homerun !! Friendly helpful staff and very good prices.
4 Tacos and beer!! It's that simple.  Located along Paradise Rd and a little past East Twain, Imperial Tacos and Beer is situated in a decent sized strip mall across from Marrakech. If you are local, it's where the old Firefly was located.  I'll start by saying this: Don't fill up on starters. The Guac crab and mango starter is great but is filing.  The tacos here are great, sampling variety from Crunchy to Baja Fish but the one the I can recommend is the Verde Pastor. Plenty of flavor with an interesting combo of ingredients. The servings are a little bigger than your regular street tacos so don't worry you won't be hungry later.  The beer selection is extensive. The menu has most of the beers broken down into simply categories that are easy to follow. If you want an updated beer menu check the blackboard beside the bar.  As for the service, our busser and host were awesome. The busser took our orders and recommend different tacos. The sever wasn't really around that much.  The hostess was amazing, she had a very extensive knowledge of beer and was amazing in recommending. Management better change her to the bar or someone is going to scoop her up!  Overall Food: 4-5 Drink: 4-5 Service: 3-5 Coming back: yes
1 Ok, if I could give 0 stars I would.  My boyfriend and I had heard really great things about this place and it was the most disappointing dining experience we have had.  We were greeted friendly and the atmosphere is nice and there's plenty of TVs if you're into sports and that's where the good ends.  It took 10-15 minutes to get our drinks after we ordered.  Another 15 minutes later our order was finally taken.  We tried asking our server for recommendations and he seemed confused.  After we ordered out appetizer they kept bringing us appetizers that weren't ours and we had to keep reminding them what we ordered.  Then after 30 minutes of sitting there a random plate of chips and salsa were dropped off.  We again thought this was a mistake since complimentary chips and salsa do not take 30 minutes.    Our service varied from server to buser and neither seemed to have a clue what was going on or what was in the dishes.  It seemed like it was their first day open and not they had been open for months or that you would even know they owned other businesses.  When we did finally get our food the tacos were salty and lacked any other flavor with maybe a teaspoon of meat in them and the ceviche looked worse than something my cat vomited up to be quite blunt and honest.  Just isn't a better to describe that - it definitely was not fresh.  And after their other business has had food scandals with the media you would think they would have this figured out.  The worst part was watching the one gentleman who greeted us bust his butt around the place while the owner walked around aimlessly and his wife was only concerned with chatting with one table of their friends and walked by not only us by several other patrons multiple times without even asking if the food was ok or anything at all.  Terrible food, terrible service.  Sad - I wanted it to be good.
5 For starters, the guacamole is amazing, I get it with pumpkin seeds and  crab...so so so good. I have also worked my way through all the tacos, the carne asada, shrimp, puerco verde, and beef barbacoa are favorites, the verde one has pork rinds, and the barbacoa is in a crunchy shell and has mashed potatoes in it.....MASHED POTATOS...this fat kids dream of course. Another dish i love are the Sopes, i cannot describe them, but they are amazing. For dessert, do yourself a favor...get the churros.....the best i have ever had! It comes with 2, they have this caramelly goodness or something in the middle and chocolate dipping sauce....just order them.  Im not a huge beer person but they have quite a selection, the bartenders were awesome, we come on Friday nights and Stephany and Garick are behind the bar, they are so much fun. The hostesses and servers are always so nice.
