4 Tried a new broasted chicken spot in Vegas. Besides the usual fried chicken spots across the nation, Z Chicken is broasted, which is essentially fried chicken under pressure. In my opinion, this yields a better fried chicken than your standard deep fryer.   I ordered the 8 piece combo that included 4 biscuits and two side orders. The sides I got were mac and cheese and potato wedges. These side orders and the biscuits were similar to what you find at other fried chicken places, nothing to rave about. However, the chicken was the best I've had out here! Crunchy outside with tender, moist and flavorful chicken beneath the crunchy battered skin.   The gentleman that took my order was polite and friendly. What I liked most was that my order did not come from a heat lamp and made long before I got there. Every order is made to order, not oil drenched chicken like the national chains. Although this was my first time there, it will not be the last.
5 I don't usually write reviews but today I decided this place was worth one :)      I just got the 12 piece chicken meal for the family and I have to say, it was delicious! Chicken was crispy, not greasy at all, coleslaw was awesome. Kids loved the mac and cheese and biscuits ( I don't eat them ) but they said it was great. Also got an order of he butterfly shrimp which was delicious.  Definitely worth going back for!
5 A good broasted chicken spot was sorely needed in Las Vegas and now we have one...a great one! The chicken is made fresh- takes about 10 minutes- but well worth the wait! It has a crispy skin, hot and juicy on the inside, but not greasy at all. The crinkle cut fries as well as the sweet potato fries are the bomb! The food is awesome, the prices are very reasonable, and this is now a weekly lunch place for us! You must check this place out!!!
1 So I walked into this place to try and eat lunch around 1:30 without to much success. When I walked in there was 1 person in the place and he was actually just breaking some chicken at the time. So I'm like ok it's a hole in the wall it's fine I can wait a min. So I ask where do I order from to let him know I was wanting to order something. Proceeded to say it's my 1st time in. He says " there is a menu in the front"   These were actually the last words that were spoken between us. After he washed his hands I expected to have my order taken but I guess this guy had better things to do than actually sell something. So I wait like 10 minutes playing with my phone and finally I'd had enough and just walked back out the door and went to Twin Peeks and got a burger.  I guess I won't be back here anytime soon thanks a lot Z Chicken.  I really think the guy just wanted me to leave he didn't even say a word as I walked out  I don't think Z chicken is gonna make it with service like this
4 Excellent chicken!  Cooked to order. It is deep fried AND pressure cooked simultaneously.  This system makes the chicken crispy and juicy without the grease. Reasonable prices.  Very simple restaurant setup.  Minimal decor. Very friendly,  really clean. Looks like a hole-in-the-wall....those style restaurants usually have the best food...I'm just saying
5 Excellent broasted chicken, I'm glad I checked this place out. I will definitely be back. Also Dave, the owner is as friendly as they come.
