4 If you have ever eaten at Los Favoritos, then you will love this place as it is the sister company/owned by the same people. Pricing is about the same as most taco joints, the tacos themselves run $2.00-$3.00 apiece and there is every type of burrito you can think of on their menu (my personal favorite, the sausage breakfast burrito...YUM).   Of course, they also have combos featuring your typical Mexican fare, like chimichangas, chile relleno, tamales, etc. and the prices are pretty fair for what you get portion wise.  The facility is brand new, so it's clean and spacious and there's a decent amount of outdoor seating.  My favorite part is that they are family owned (they have several southwestern locations but are more or less "local"), and you can never go wrong supporting the little guy!
2 Just another boring not so cheap Mexican style food joint. Average food at best, slow service and higher priced then it should be. Won't be going back.
1 Can't describe how bad this place is...was hoping for some good Mexican to replace Baja Fresh location and all we got were cheap ingredients in bland tasting Mexican slop. The guac is from frozen, cheese is cheapest shredded stuff you can get, oily food, hardly any spices. Taco Bell is better than this place and much cheaper...won't be returning.
5 I have gone here quiet a few times now. The employees are great. Super nice and fast! The food is A M A Z I N G! I love this taco shop. What a wonderful addition to ahwautee.
2 PAPA - PLEASE WORK ON THE FOOD PREPARATION  AND PORTIONS FOR TO GO ORDERS.    It's 8:30 at night and I haven't eaten.  I was excited to try out a new place.  It's open and bright with windows around.  You can see the food being prepared.  I usually order rolled tacos when I visit an eatery like this for the first time.  I figure it would be very hard to mess such a simple thing up.  After all its just meat, rolled in corn tortilla and deep fried until crisp.  Well, it was a bit of a disappointment as only the ends of my tacos were crisp, the insides soft and soggy.  This made me worry that it wasn't cooked thoroughly.    My receipt was pushing close to 8 dollars for 6 rolled tacos, rice, and beans and guac.  I rate the portions of the side dishes - STINGY - not enough for the price tag.   I rate the Rolled Tacos D -   Soggy middles - yuck.  I rate the guacamole A+  - It's the real deal, not the watered down stuff.  Very good.   I rate the beans A+ - flavorful and wonderful. I rate the rice   C-  as mine was on the undercooked side, slightly crunchy, yuck though it seemed to have a good flavor.  I rate the Salsa - B - it was average, expected salsa for this type of venue  I rate the restaurant ambiance A+ I rate the service A+  I rate the cooks - well, they leave more to be expected.  Please work on it Papa Chevos, you have time because I won't be back anytime soon.  Maybe I will try again after some more weeks pass.
3 Perfect place for a late night taco craving. They also have a decent salsa selection.
5 I really like that a restaurant like this is finally in the Ahwatukee area.  I ordered the carne asada torta and the #15 chimichanga meal.  Both were a great choice.  The side of rice and beans were mediocre for Mexican food.  But overall, I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for good flavor and is easy on your budget.  The kitchen and dining areas also looked very clean.
4 Yay! I'm a fan.  Despite my husband cracking off half of a tooth on a taco (stone ground corn containing real stone, I presume), we keep coming back. Put simply, the food and the value are phenomenal.  I get the bean and cheese burrito, which contains actual hot lava globs of cheese and refried beans that are mighty tasty. The tortilla is... well, it is manna from heaven. The ambience- large and cheery windows facing the gorgeous foothills of ahwatukee, as well as the Valero Gas station.  The ambience is... loud. If you're into Tubas, then you'll definitely want to sit close to the kitchen, as the mariachi will likely be louder than the salsa.
5 Great grilled chicken burrito which believe it or not coming to California, too hard to find here in Arizona. Very nice service, clean place only thing I was looking for chips but 5 stars
4 The price is fair. Food is good. Service is quick which my tummy appreciates. Had nachos, more than what 2 people could finish...but hit the spot. Had some rice, a little salty,but still pretty good. I'd recommend this place with no hesitation. They have a ton to choose from, so come one come all
5 Tried today for the first time. The dining area was really clean, and spacious. The staff was friendly. Amazing view, great food. If you go, try the California Carne Asada
4 Huge burritos. Great price. Open late on weekends. I hope people in tukee take advantage of the late hours! We need places open late here.
