3 First off, this Smashburger (SB) is one of the only in the valley where the ten percent (10%) Yelp check-in offer is not available. (Thanks for nothing, Tom Ryan!) Maybe the rent is too damn high. (Doubt it.)   Secondly, it is cute to see so many students checking this restaurant out. Not sure where were they when it was a small, local Mexican restaurant (recently shuttered), but now it is a popular international chain so they can be found stumbling over themselves to get over here from CSN (no, not Crosby, Stills & Nash).  Now that I have stated those two points ...   Smashburger It is nice there is a place for a burger right near campus. I cannot think of another option before SB. In any case, here we have one now.   There is not much to say about the food. It is a chain for fucks sake! The burger is the same here as it is at Maryland Parkway, as it is in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, or in Kuwait City, Kuwait.   It is alright. The fries are alright. The shakes are alright. The ketchup packaging is brilliant. Five (5) stars for the ketchup packaging!    The wait here seems to be interminably longer when compared to other SB locations I have been to for take-out. Maybe they need to work some kinks out -- I would hate for this location to be the training facility or to appear to function as a training facility for the chain -- but, there was no queue when I have come here, and, yet I still have to wait a bit too long for my food.   I would take to the stopwatch to document precisely how long they are taking to get the food out, but I would hate to be accused of being overly pedantic. It is taking long; take my word for it.   Or don't. But you are the one that is going to be late to your class or back to work after lunch. (You're fired!)
3 Smashburger! I had been out here about a month ago for a Yelp event, and we received a couple free entree coupons.  This weekend, I was craving sweet potato fries like CRAZY, so I convinced my fella that we should go to Smashburger.  We both ordered the Sin City burger (fried egg, bacon, grilled and haystack onions on an egg bun, with cheese and smash sauce.)  The girl who assisted us (Emily? I think?) was very nice, and did a couple substitutions for us with no problem.  (BF subbed goat's cheese instead of the cheddar, and no smash sauce.)    When the food came out, it was pretty good.  I'd say a step or two above McD's and BK.  The meat wasn't really seasoned at all...but it was cooked well, and the flavors from all the toppings were good.  The sweet potato fries were exactly what I wanted, and were delicious.  We finished off with a salted caramel shake...this alone was worth the trip!  So delicious.   As far as burger places go, I probably wouldn't drive completely out of my way for it, but prices are good for the quality of the burger, and I would definitely be glad to come back.
4 It's clean and workers are very friendly. Also their spinach, goat cheese salad is amazing. Their swiss and mushroom burger with truffle sauce is also delicious, but my favorite item on their menu is their nutter butter milk shake. Its 1000 calorie deliciousness, that can be enjoyed on a heavy workout day. Just JK, but try out this milk shake. Its delicious.
