4 Strolling back to our hotel after a long, hot day, we were instantly drawn to the brightly colored, churning juice mixers. Then I saw the words "fresh cocktails" and I was sold. Squeeze has quite the extensive menu and alcohol can be added to any of their drinks. There are healthy juice fusions, smoothies, and classic fresh cocktails with a twist.  Squeeze is just about a week old and they're off to a great start. We tried some of their fresh cocktails and all were delicious. Fresh fruit is mixed into the drink and I loved sipping up little pieces of raspberry while savoring the Morning-After Mojito. The orange juice in the Ultimate Screwdriver was clearly squeezed from perfectly ripe and sweet oranges. I came back a second time to try their juice fusions and asked for the bartender's favorite. I liked the fresh cocktails better, but if you like watermelon juice, give the Blueberry Faux-Jito a try. The watermelon juice and mint overpowered the blueberry.  The bartenders were really friendly and for a juice bar, Squeeze scores high for taste and freshness. The second time, there was a line (about 6 people) and it took quite a while to make the drinks. Maybe one more bartender would help speed up these juice concoctions. Overall, it's a fabulous and refreshing pit stop on the strip.
3 I have been to Squeeze once, and my initial impression is that it's something that will work well in the Linq strip of shops and eateries. You can get fresh squeezed juices and smoothies made from fresh fruits and vegetables while you wait.. and to many of them you can add a little bit of booze if you like. ...from my perspective, it's just a little bit of booze.   I really like the concept of this place, though.. and they also offer gluten free products including baked items and sandwiches. That's a nice feature that people think they want these days. All sandwiches and salads and whatnot that I noticed were $8+ before tax. All 4 drinks we ordered were $14 each . that's allot for cocktails and juices, even on the strip.   That included a small green smoothie I ordered called  "the cleanse," to which I had Hendricks Cucumber Gin added.. it was good... But pricey for what it was. Green tasting, lots of un-pureed bits.. which I actually didn't mind at first, but then chewing my drink became interfering of actually drinking the smoothie. Tons of ice too.. so it was a little watered  down tasting.   I actually give it 3.5 stars, because the concept is good and I think it'll do descent business, being located where it is. However, $14 is waaaay too much for a smoothie that's 12-16 oz. .. and honestly I think the recipes need some tweaking.   I'll be back to check it out again soon, I'm sure! Happy Eating to you !
3 Great idea for a healthy drink place but was not impressed. They were out of items (muffins, ranch, mayo) and lacked table seating even though try offered food. My turkey wrap with sliced carrots was dry and had no dipping sauce. The staff was friendly and helpful with what they could offer.
4 I was told about this place through a friend. As many times as I've visited the Linq, I've never seen this place but I knew that this day was the day! Quite a cool concept. They serve non alcoholic and alcoholic drinks filled with freshly pressed fruit, hence the name of the business.   For my visit, I tried a couple of their drinks. First, I started with their signature cocktail, the Watermelon Margarita for $10.50. It's filled with Patron Silver tequila, watermelon and lime juices, agave and sea salt. The watermelon flavor was prominent and you can definitely tell it's fresh! Instead of having a super sweet artificial flavor, it was light and crisp. What I really liked about this drink was that they added a lot of tequila but there wasn't a strong tequila taste. Those drinks are commonly known as "creepers." Watch out, because it'll hit you like a brick wall!   For my second drink, I got the white sangria for $9.50. Organic riesling and Absolut peach vodka with honey dew, pear, lemon grapefruit and agave nectar. At first, there was strong tang to this drink but as time progresses, it went down smoother. This is a great sangria! If you're looking for something refreshing, you've gotta try this out!  I'm definitely a big fan of this place, as I'm a huge supporter of using fresh ingredients. Although the prices are a little steep, it's the strip. Not a place I'll be frequenting, but when I'm at the Linq, you better believe I'm going to get me a Squeeze. As summer approaches, you should definitely make your way to this place for a truly refreshing juice!
5 Great idea for a quick healthy smoothie or fresh cocktail! I stumbled upon The Squeeze located just went you exit the strip and enter the new attraction The Linq.  It seems like a cool little hip place to rest or chat while grabbing their many selections of cocktails, smoothies or wraps. Everything else on The Linq is not as calm as this place which is a nice breather!   I had a smoothie I believe it was a banana flavored one. I remember the cute bartender Joseph who nicely informed us of the many selections his bar had and also asked us what kind of plans we had for the city of Vegas.   Point blank smoothie was awesome. Their other selections of alcohol vary but I kid you not their prices are reasonable compared to thee other bars on the Linq. Plus the staff were super nice and friendly.  Check it out.
1 The name Squeeze implies that you're going to get a fresh juice, right? Well, that's what I thought anyway. I need my veggies in the morning and was excited on this trip to see that a juice bar opened up at the Linq. What a disappointment it turned out to be....let me count the ways.  1. It's 9:00 Saturday morning and they're out of every single green item on the menu. Eventually I  piece together an alternative with the limited items they did have, only to find that 2. They don't juice or squeeze anything fresh at all! 3. The employee assured us that everything gets juiced fresh every morning...as she poured the juices out of PLASTIC containers (never plastic, only glass if you must store) AND 4. One of the containers was clearly dated 3 days prior AND 5. The 'fresh' pear juice was a BROWN clumpy mess. 6. After paying $24 for 2 "fresh" juices I took one sip of mine and almost vomited. Something in it was clearly rancid. That was the last straw...I asked for my money back and after 10 long minutes of fumbling she said she couldn't do that because she didn't know how. (This was a grown woman, y'all...not a young, inexperienced kid) So she offered me another drink instead! (Oy) I did her the favor of telling her how to do it....you open the cash register, take the money out and give you're very disgusted, unsatisfied customer her money back and worry later about 'how to do it'. Which she did. On the up side, my daughter thought her drink (with the brown clumpy pear juice) tasted just fine, so it wasn't a total loss. She got sick to her stomach and vomited all night that night, but that was probably COMPLETELY UNRELATED.  If you're looking for fresh juice on the strip, Jamba Juice now offers freshly juiced drinks and they're right inside the miracle mile shopping center at Planet Hollywood. They actually use FRESH fruits and veggies and juice them right in front of your eyes!
4 Fruits are health boosters; liquors are liver destroyers. Getting a drink at Squeeze makes me feel like my poor liver has a fighting chance. Of course, I could NOT drink in Vegas, but who are we kiddin' here.  Squeeze lies between the Quad and Flamingo, along the new trendy shopping center called The Linq. If you're the type that navigates by the stars instead of signs, follow the towering ferris wheel and you'll find it.  This little drink kiosk serves up a good selection of juices and smoothies but flip straight to the back of the menu for their alcoholic concoctions. I got the Watermelon Margarita, made with real watermelon juice instead of flavored syrup. It was a bit too sweet for me but otherwise refreshing.  I may have ordered the Tangerine Lavender-Daisy last time and really liked it, but my memories of Vegas trips are usually blurry with soft filters and vignettes due to cocktails such as those.  At around 10 bucks, the drinks are not cheap but not outrageous for the fresh juice idea. It would be nice if they squeezed or pressed my fruits to order, but I usually see only one or two workers so they would need to invest in more staff to do that or risk holding up the line.  Carrying our drinks into the High Roller ferris wheel was allowed, and so we did. The sweeping daytime view of the desert and the cocktails with fresh juice feels almost too non-artificial to be Vegas. Makes sure you snap plenty of clear pictures with the camera in case the mental ones fade in a pool of mixed drinks and time.
3 I was beyond thrilled - and no, that's not an exaggeration - to find a juice bar right outside of my hotel. ...A must for refueling after those long Vegas nights.   Aside from juices and smoothies, they also offer fresh-juice cocktails, sangria, and light bites.   They lacked a variety of fruits, spices and other add-ons (like garlic) that most full-on juice bars offer. And some of their juices were pre-bottled and/or not organic.
4 A delicious alternative if you refuse to buy a monstrous, tacky 40 oz. Fat Tuesday cocktail. I never got into the juicing trend, but juicing, smoothies, plus alcohol? I'm down. I frequented this place a lot when I had friends in town - three times in a day to be exact. I had a Moscow Mule (12 oz., $10.95), Watermelon Margarita (12 oz., $10.95), and fresh Watermelon Juice (16 oz., $8.95). And I enjoyed it all! These magical dranks quenched and satisfied my body. My friend's screwdriver was smooth as hell and did not taste like shitty, acerbic, boxed oj served in most bars. However, the drinks weren't that strong; which is fine to me because it was hot and I didn't want to be too trashed.     Service was great. All the times we were there the bartenders were personable and knowledgeable. The location is a bit hard to see. You can easily walk past it while you're transfixed on the High Roller. There's a nice shaded patio to drink and people watch, too. So come all you Whole Foods, granola eating, hiking, Lululemon aficionados, there's something for you.  Here's a menu, if you're interested:   http://www.caesars.com/content/dam/lnq/Dining/Squeeze/lnq-Dining-Squeeze-1.pdf
3 Convenient place inside the LINQ, and a refreshing change from all that booze.  Ordered the citrus fresh squeezed juice, always go for the large 16 ounce for best value lol.  At $9, you better enjoy every sip.    Figured it's easier than eating an orange from Walgreens.
