4 Just came across this neighborhood gem and finally made it back. It is definitely a good find! You really can't go wrong when you walk in and find more Asians rolling the sushi than the actual patrons! Staff is attentive and friendly without being imposing as you consume an entire continent of sushi to your stomach's content. The quality is far better than I expected for a revolving sushi joint; my fave is the sweetheart roll. I will have to make a trip back with my entourage to see how the rest of the menu fares from the conveyor selection. I'm excited it is in my backyard! Give it a try and tell me your thoughts :)
5 What can I say great sushi gently revolving (yes i said revolving because that's what this place is a revolving sushi restaurant) by at a great price, this is one to check out
5 Great food!  Tons of selection - even for someone who doesn't like raw sushi and a vegetarian boyfriend!  Friendly staff,  inexpensive pricing,  fun atmosphere!  Totally different dining experience!
5 just opened! i got 2nd to review!  i love the revolving sushi concept...because it's cheap and it's quick. you sit at one of numerous bar type seating areas and a conveyor belt runs in front of you with smaller portions of rolls and sushi items. you simply pick out the ones you want without having to wait for table service.  they give you a full service menu as well, and it describes what each roll is (beyond the obvious ones). the sashimi selection on the revolver is limited but the prices are inexpensive so you don't have to order a whole roll to find out you don't like something.   the sushi and sashimi we did try was very good, tasted fresh, and i wasn't at all worried about a second rate sushi place. i first tried a place like this in new mexico and loved it ever since, but this is the first place i've seen it since then. i've heard it's popular in japan......and it is popular to me!  prices range from 1.50 for 2 pieces of mackeral nigiri up to 5.00 for 3 pieces of salmon or tuna sashimi. average for items is 3.00.   i love it, and will be back!
4 Just had lunch here.  The good:  Tried a bunch of different sushi, very fresh, very creative.  I recommend the sweetheart and valentine roils (I even hate typing the names, but they were good).  I didn't have the sashimi, but it looked nice with good portions.  The bad (ish):  The spicy tuna was lacking a little spicy.  But that's a preference thing.  What I really didn't care for was the arrangement of the place.  the revolving sushi is set up in the shape of an "E", with all of the seat as though you were sitting at the sushi bar.  One end of the E you are sitting at the bar, but the remainder you're looking across sushi parading by and into the eyes of another diner.  I was fortunate to have a couple of cute girls across from me - a plus - but one could envision situations that would be less pleasant.  The other place in town gets past this by putting tables that extend off of the revolving sushi conveyor, an arrangement I much prefer.  There were a few of these at Akita, but not many.  I'll be back, but either with a group so I get the table, or sit in front of the prep are (bar).  I certainly wouldn't want to be sitting across from another dude that looks like me....
5 Love this place.....the sushi is soooo good here. Its unfortunate I dont live in AZ.  I will definitely be visiting when I come bk  to AZ. The people are friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
5 Self proclaimed sushi addict, family claims "sushi-nut" , and I LOVE this place - fast, friendly, very affordable and excellent tasting and quality sushi. And a lot of fun. 5 stars and highly recommended.
3 It's a fun idea for a restaurant and the pricing is amazing!!! However, I have been going to Sakana Sushi in Scottsdale for sometime and I wish Akita had more of the elaborate specialty rolls that Sakana does. I found this sushi average and was definitely surprised at the low cost. I would pay more if they offered specialty rolls. I enjoyed the neon green lighting.
5 YUM! Really love this place. The service was amazing and the fish was fresh. The sushi wasn't as inexpensive as some other Revolving Sushi Bars, but I enjoyed it much more. The fish was d-lish and the restaurant is beautiful. Definitely going to make it back.
4 Truth to be told, I am not a fan of sushi, any sushi.  Not caring for raw fish or sticky rice, I'm pretty much SOL in this department.  However, because I am a fantastic wife that allows her husband to choose a restaurant on his birthday, I've learned to live with it.  My secret is looking for shellfish and avocado and drowning the poor bastard (the sushi, not my husband) in soy sauce.  So, we arrive at Akita.  I like the name.  It reminds me of a big fluffy dog.  I like it that I can inspect the plates as they pass by on the little conveyor.  If this was a concept at a Mexican restaurant, I would weigh an easy 400 pounds.  I wished there were a menu available of what was in each roll, but no worries, if I didn't like it, birthday man would eat it.  And actually, my visual assessment of the ingredients was pretty good.  I liked everything I chose.    Although our drink order was taken promptly, I did have to ask for them when it became clear it was never going to happen.  I can only imagine it was an oversight, as the restaurant was not busy.  My only real complaint is that there were huge gaps on the belt.  I get it that since it wasn't busy, they didn't want to overload it with food that wouldn't be served in time.  But the spacing should have been better.  At times, it took a good 10 minutes for anything to pass by.  I also would have preferred fewer pieces on a plate.  Most plates had at least 4 pieces of sushi.    But overall, for a newly opened place, great job!  And for $35, we had a stack of plates.  My husband was a fan as well.  Hopefully, he'll write his own review.  But I'm not counting on it.  My work is never done.
1 Was about to dine here before I read this article for having 8 health code violations,    http://raycomnbc.worldnow.com/story/25531763/dirty-dining-may-15-worst-offenders-had-7-health-code-violations?config=H264  Perhaps I'll try some other time.  Most likely not.
3 We tried this restaurant for the first time today. They did a nice job on the inside with the sushi conveyor belt, sushi bar, etc. The entrance looks tired and dilapidated - we almost turned way before we walked in. A tired door, a curtain over the glass (on the inside), a weatherbeaten and abandoned menu box outside all contributed to a look of a neglected restaurant.  The service and friendliness of the staff was top notch. We were warmly greeted when we arrived and got a nice thank you on the way out. They kept our area clear, our tea and water full, etc. Actually, this was some of the best service I've seen a while in a restaurant of this price range or even a bit higher.  Now, to the main course - the sushi. It was average - not great, not bad. And for sushi, not bad is a good thing. I like this much more than Sakana's too large of portions and too low quality seafood. There's a reasonable selection of items on the conveyor and a lot more to be had in the conventional menu. None of the conveyor items were particularly noteworthy and none had the "wow" factor of terrific seafood or a terrific roll recipe. But none was bad either.  I think I'll be back - quick, friendly, reasonable prices, reasonable food.
4 Wide variety, very reasonably priced.  We didn't realize it until we were leaving but you can also order entrees from the menu as well.  That is helpful for the crowd, including my wife, that don't like sushi.  A novel way (the revolving conveyor belt) to offer up the different varieties of sushi.
4 Been here twice now on business trips and it was a nice option for lunch. Decent prices and nice variety. Service was good and clean ambiance. Bathrooms are fancy with marble faucets. I call these type of sushi restaurants sushi trains, as I've had this style in San Francisco. You control the cost and select the variety you want, it's nice to have a lil of this and a lil of that.
5 We like conveyor sushi because it is entertaining for our kids and encourages them to try new things.  This was a pleasant surprise because the quality of the food was high and the prices were still relatively low for North Scottsdale sushi.  The kids loved the interesting bathrooms!
4 We had 11 different rolls and all but 2 I would get again. Very polite and prompt wait staff!
1 I love conveyor sushi joints, and while this one appears clean and has a friendly staff, there's simply no excuse for serving what should be cold dishes at or above room temperature.  Each plate I tried was as warm or warmer than the previous one, leading me to cut the visit shorter than it would have been out of fear of getting sick.  On top of that, the check topped $50; that money would have gone further and with better quality at Ra or even Teharu.  I definitely won't be returning.
5 Very good service from start to finish. Fully explained the cost to include happy hour pricing. Sushi was very good quality and fresh. The owner is very nice and wants to ensure a great experience. Restaurant is very nice and clean. They also have a full menue which is an added plus!
5 We have spent quite a lot of time at Teharu and decided to try this place. We really liked the unique dishes on the conveyor and ordered a lot if specialty items right from the chef. The sushi was clearly top rate, more equivalent to that of a full service sushi bar. The service was exceptional even though they have only been in business a few months. Yep it costs more than Teharu but the quality and taste was there. My wife and I will be back to sample the more extensive menu!
5 First time at Akita sushi (or any revolving sushi bar). Food was excellent: extremely fresh, with sushi varieties I hadn't seen before. The revolving part is great fun, although a few of the signs could have used more detailed descriptions. You can also order off the menu & there are lots of traditional cooked items as well as sushi & sashimi. Plates are color-coded for price so it's easy to keep track of spending. The chef is right there to create specialty rolls at your request. He is extremely friendly & more than willing to answer questions (the revolving thing cost $100,000 & this is his third restaurant).  The entire staff was friendly & helpful without being intrusive. When we sat down & were handed the traditional split bowls with wasabi & pickled ginger, I laughingly told the waiter we would be needing LOTS more ginger, expecting refills later when we ran out. He immediately brought a huge bowl & yes, my sister & I ate it all.  Don't know what to say about the food violations concerns that 2 people mentioned. One at least was written when they'd just opened; perhaps the problems have been resolved. The place looked immaculate & the food was extremely fresh. We both loved it. Definitely going back!
4 After reading the reviews here, especially about the health rating I dropped it a bit.  This is a simple place for cheap sushi on demand.   I liked that it was a kid friendly place and the food is available as soon as you sit down.  If you are starving, and want to eat now, this is a good option.   The prices are excellent.   I had dinner here with many many plates and it was around $30, then went to stingray on the weekend and the tab was $98.   You get what you pay for, but I will plan on being back.   Just hope they clean up back there on those violations.
2 We wondered about this place every time we drove by and finally decided to check it out tonight.  The staff was friendly and the service was good but... The sushi was warm and all the plates on the conveyor belt have been rotating even before we got there and most of them were still there until we left (we stayed over an hour). AT ROOM TEMPERATURE.  They never even bothered to replace the older plates no matter how long they've been sitting there rotating at room temperature.  Seaweed salad was been on there for so long,  it was seeping moisture,  looked more like seaweed soup than salad. I was craving yellowtail sashimi but didn't feel like taking the only plate that's been rotating there for who knows how long,  so I ordered fresh plate and the fish came out half frozen.  Plates on rotation are warm and the ones you order come out frozen..  Also it was a bit pricey for the quality and considering it's a revolving sushi bar rather than a traditional sushi restaurant.  (90 bucks Not including gratuity for not so fresh sushi,  I wasn't very happy about that).  I really hate leaving negative reviews but one thing that makes me mad the most is spending decent amount of money for bad quality food.  If I'm gonna spend hundred bucks at a restaurant,  i want to feel satisfied after dining and it wasn't the case this time. I'm very disappointed at this place  since I've been looking forward to check this place out for several weeks. I guess i can stop wondering now. I just hope I don't get sick from eating warm raw seafood. I give 2 stars for friendly service. After i came home,  I immediately came online to see what other people had to say and saw that the restaurant had several health violations. Honesty I'm not shocked... I'm sorry to have to leave negative feedback but this is how I felt after tonight.  I don't think we will be going back unless there's a significant improvement.  Good luck Akita revolving sushi. Seriously...
4 I thought this place was really good for what it is: a quick and relatively cheap spot to stop in for a sushi meal. It's got a nice build-out, very clean, decent atmosphere, and efficient service. The sushi is good--it's not trying to get at the top end of sushi dining like some of the much more renowned, gourmet places in town, but for what it's trying to be the quality is good. The prices are the best part: everything is $2-3 below what you might pay elsewhere. Plates start at $1.50 and top out at $5.00.  The $2.00 and $3.00 plates are primarily nigiri, the $4.00 and $5.00 plates are rolls and sashimi. We were able to feed three of us quite well with several drinks for just $50, and we were in and out in well under an hour.  If you're short on time and want a relatively inexpensive sushi meal this is your spot.   I did see some other reviewers refer to a "dirty dining" news report from a couple months ago...they even gave bad reviews while admitting they didn't even go to the restaurant, which I think does review sites like Yelp a disservice. Anyway, I was aware of that report and reviewed it before we visited. I can say that having worked in restaurants and dealt with inspections before, the violations were all very minor, things like missing consumer warnings about raw food on the menu (which we all know anyway) and some minor labeling or employee training issues.  According to the health dept website all violations were corrected on re-inspection a couple weeks later. So, while you should always check out a place before you eat there, I think you can't judge this place based upon the report that ran on the news without checking on both a) what the violations were, and b) the results of the follow up inspection.  You definitely shouldn't be judging a place you've never even visited. Just my two cents.
5 This is one of the best sushi restaurants I've been to! My husband and I came here for happy hour and we both were impressed by the quality of food and the prices.  The twin towers roll was delicious.. As well as a few other rolls I haven't seen before.  The service is also fabulous.  Our waiter recommended 2 crab sushi rolls that weren't on the conveyer belt because they wouldn't have kept well for a long period of time.  They were both unique and flavorful.  Then we received a 20% off coupon for our next visit.  Great new gem in Scottsdale!
2 Just left lunch there and I really only enjoyed the mint they gave me with my check. I had 2 speciality rolls and a squid salad all of which were fishy. I didn't finish one of the rolls and I eat just about anything! I have been to the other revolving sushi bars near this one for a quick and healthy lunch and will return to those but not this one. One plus is that they do have lots of speciality rolls.
5 Great place to come during lunch or dinner. Staff always very friendly. A must try if you are in the area!
5 Great 11.99 all you can eat on Sunday and Monday!  The revolving sushi is shut down but they take your order and make it fresh even better!  Eat anything off menu for same price not as good as Sapporo but 90% there for 1/4 the price of what I ate!  With that in mind they are 5 stars out of 5!
