5 Adorable place and delicious flavors.  Some are really crazy - watermelon and jalapeño. I was told that everything is made fresh on site. Prices are good. The staff is really well dressed, outdoor ambiance is relaxing and with easy access to Monte Carlo casino and resort. If you're on the strip for a walk, between shows, or staying at Monte Carlo, this is a super easy place for a nice break. Good thing the line moves quick!
5 The selection is outstanding, great customer service love the vibe and the location epic if your going to be in Vegas stop by and see for yourself and enjoy
5 Items Selected: (samples) Watermelon Jalapeno, Black Cherry Ice Cream, Black Cherry Sorbet, Rice Pudding, Tres Leches, Maple Bacon, Avocado Bacon, Pink Grapefruit, Coffee, Lemon Cheesecake, Vanilla, Chocolate Rice Pudding Ice Cream in an Oreo Chocolate Waffle Bowl Snickerdoodle Chocolate Chip  The latest roll-out in the reinvention of The Monte Carlo, and aside from Yusho the most interesting by far, BLVD Creamery opened with little fanfare but with elegant ice creams, sorbets, and baked goods made in house daily one can only hope artisan ice cream is the new 'celebrity burger' of The Strip.  Large in both size and selection with high ceilings and kitschy cow décor plus a youthful staff already well trained it was just after 1pm that I entered the new BLVD and bearing no relationship to the cocktail bar in The Linq my experience started out with a tasting - no two-spoon limit like that of Sprinkles either, just a smiling face with recommendations comprising nearly half the selections and none but the overly-subtle tres leches less than impressive.  Silky in texture and close to gelato in heft with large single-scoops starting at $4 it was eventually on the horchata-esque rice pudding that I settled and served in a fresh baked compressed-cookie bowl without accoutrements I can confidently say Art of Flavors finally has some creamy frozen competition - a bit of oneupsmanship from the newcomer, even, in the form of two warm cookies on par with the best of Las Vegas Boulevard.  Similarly priced to AoF as well as Sprinkles with a patio adjacent to the new Sambalatte one can only hope that BLVD spurs the same sort of creativity and competition in frozen treats that Due Forni and Settebello brought to reinvent the Las Vegas pizza scene over the last ten years because in a city of two-million with triple digit temperatures and tons of tourists there is a whole lot of space between Monte Carlo and Chef Desyree's spot up north for something cold and creamy.
5 Super cute spot, all ice cream is handmade on site with too many flavors to pick from. Sampled the watermelon jalapeño, blackberry wine, birthday cake, rice pudding  and finally ended up on the flavor of the day PB & J in a red velvet waffle cone topped of course with gummy bears! The decor is fun, lots to see with several super cute cow inspired gifts and everyone always can use a jumbo sized ice cream eraser! Perfect location for people watching & just relaxing while you listen to the acoustic entertainment! If you are in Vegas stop in you won't be disappointed. :)
4 This new swanky ice cream shop has some unique flavors. You can feel the quality on your tongue, too.  Combining this with Sambalatte sets the tone toward the pedestrian feel for The Park, which is set to open in 2016. This movement on the strip suggests that the general perception of Las Vegas is maturing. Their seating outside is great for people watching, even at night. It's always good to have more options for the non-alcohol drinking crowd.
3 The ice cream we settled on was good...but some of the flavors were so strong and did not taste very good at all. So get lots of samples.
3 The husband and I walked clear across the strip to try this ice cream place (in the heat, mind you)... why, you may ask. I wanted bacon ice cream! Well... we got there and they were out of bacon ice cream...noooo! We tried a few other flavors - lemon cheesecake, pb & j, and coconut... coconut was not good, not flavorful... the pb& j was overly peanut butter -y, the cheesecake was good tasting, but too rich.... I honestly didn't want to get any of the flavors but felt that I should since we had taken samples. Sigh. Got the cheesecake and ate half of the scoop between two of us... I don't know that I would be back.    PS - it sounds like they are based on the idea of having fun flavors, but the day we were there the flavors were all pretty typical and hum drum.
4 Everything in here is eye-candy: from the chairs and knick-knacks to the milk bottles and desserts! The interior is adorable and they've got some funky flavors! Not a huge fan of the Watermelon Jalapeno (it tastes exactly what it sounds like), but I am a fan of Apple Pie and Lemon Cheesecake! It's pricey, but that's expected from pretty much any eatery on the Strip. It's location is pretty cool; there's outdoor seating and live music. If you're in the area, it's a decent place to grab dessert and cool off!
5 Wow, we freaking loved this place!  The workers were so knowledgeable and let us try a bunch of different gelatos. They recommended so many, but it was very hard to decide!  They make it in-house daily, and you can really tell when you taste the gelato. Can't wait to go back this July!
5 I LOVE THE SIX DEGREES OF KEVIN BACON ICE CREAM. It's maple-flavored with bacon bits, definitely a unique flavor. There's a lot of unique flavors here, indeed, such as Merlot and Prosecco (bubbly) for the 21+. My bestie and I LOVED the Merlot and wine usually gets us soooo tipsy, but this was amazing!!!!  If you're playing the MYVEGAS slots game on Facebook/iPhone, you can win a free topping here. Well, that's probably not the best deal, but just saying.
3 Stopped in at the BLVD Creamery on our way back to our hotel room as we saw it advertised everywhere throughout Monte Carlo. My overall take; cute place, bright and fun looking, but substance was underwhelming.  I got a forgettable toffee ice-cream and my beau got the grape ice-cream and a bottle of cocoa pebbles milk.   The flavours weren't stellar, there was only a small selection to choose from and they were either too ridiculous to enjoy a whole cone (6 degrees of Kevin Bacon) or too subtle to really stand out.  The ice-cream lacked creaminess. Over crystallization made the ice-cream less enjoyable.   Nothing was bad, per se, just nothing stood out as particularly special.
2 Save your money and visit sprinkles for ice cream . This place was pretty bad, it was eye candy and I was drawn in I was excited to see I could build my own ice cream sandwich just like at sprinkles . I was first disappointed by the service I felt rushed and the girl seemed a little annoyed . The second and biggest letdown was the cookies , dry store bought flavored . A crunchy cookie doesn't make a good ice cream sandwich . I took a few bites and tossed it .  I am in Vegas 8-12 times a year and we stay at the Monte Carlo a lot but I think I will stick with other options that don't disappoint .
4 The new boulevard of restaurants (and soon stores) along the outside of the Monte Carlo is breathing life back into a casino forgotten by many. The BLVD Creamery is one of those new eateries that shouldn't be missed. With an impressive selection of sweets you're bound to spend a pretty penny. Ice creams and sorbets are made locally and offer a mix of traditional flavors and those that are more adventurous. For those over 21, you can try the suds sorbet. The hoppyness and bitterness for the Shock Top beer is evident and while it may not be to everyone's liking, it's a unique and refreshing treat. The choco loco is made from 62% cocoa, providing a balanced amount of bitter and sweet chocolate. Excellent for kids or adults. Aside from the frozen treats, I tried a decent vanilla macaron with subtle sweetness inside a crispy exterior. The chocolate chunk cookie -- the size of an adult hand and about half an inch thick -- offered so much potential but was unfortunately too dry and hard. I can only imagine how delicious it could be fresh out of the oven.
3 My first time having alcoholic ice cream! This place recently opened up right outside of Monte Carlo(it is known to be part of the Monte Carlo). It was around $16 dollars for the "flight." Haha yes it's cool cause you get to have it like when you are beer tasting and have it in 4 cups. The other awesome part is that they give you ice creams in shot glasses kind of cups to make it even cooler.   Most of the alcoholic ice cream were pretty good(from red wine, to beer ice creams). I can't really tell you the flavors because they weren't given name) but I like the red wine and the two fruit flavor alcohol ice creams. I didn't like any of the beer ice creams. It's a bit expensive for small scoops(it's in the shot glasses so you kinda know it be small).   There are other desserts in the stores and I did wanted to try the other non-alcoholic ice creams but they all look like gelatos/sorbets so it kinda turned me off. They had ice cream cookies and such. It's a pretty cool place to go to though especially since they have alcoholic ice cream which is unique to find(at least for me).
5 Wayne took good care and informed of all variety and provided as many samples as wanted ... Good tasting ice cream
5 WHOA!!!! WHAT IS THIS PLACE!?! Located on street level at the Monte Carlo, this ice cream shop is great for families, dates, or a quick visit to get something refreshing. The minute I entered, it was a complete sensory overload!!! Literally. My scents and vision were going crazy. I was happily overwhelmed (is that even possible?) with the sweet smell and the visions of cuteness all around.  There's cupcakes, cookies, pastries, shakes, cute furry stuffed animal cows, cups, ice cream of ALL different flavors possible. I think I saw some candy as well. And...I read there's flavored milk!?!?!? Oh my goodness....if I was a bigger fan of milk, I would totally try some strawberry milk!  Single scoop ice cream in a cup was $4.00. There were a lot of old favorites + new interesting flavors to try. My man got pistachio flavored while I ended up getting grape flavored ice cream. I know, right? WTF!? Grape flavored!?! Doesn't sound the greatest but I don't know...the color intrigued me more...plus the flavor was delicious!! (see pic attached.) Also, around the check out area, there were novelty/knick-knack items that caught my attention. Bubble blowers in the shape of ice cream cones!? Plus they had green and pink ones. Okay...sold! Give me both of them please!!!!! It's kinda cute my guy understands me and he knows I couldn't choose between the green OR the pink one so he was like what the hell....I'll just get you both!!!! =) Ohhhh he's the best!!!
