5 Five stars to start. Good location.  Simple menu.  Hash browns OR Country potatoes.  Efficient service.   Tasty breakfast.  Reasonable prices.  Discounts for military.  Coca-Cola products.   We WILL be back.
5 I was a bit skeptical after bad experiences with the previous restaurant on this site, but not to worry  -  It was Fantastic!! Breakfast was as good as any I've ever experienced. The home-made spam was flavorful with a hint of paprika ?? and spicy goodness. Eggs were cooked perfectly, the grits were creamy good, and the biscuit - oh my land. It was baked to perfection. Service was congenial, and timely. The place was spic-and-span clean to boot. As I was leaving a woman in one of the booths was noshing on the blueberry pancakes and they have my name all over them for next time. Yes, next time. Thanks Biscuits for coming to our neighborhood. We needed you!!!
1 Nasty breakfast.  Over salted biscuit, dense pancake and greasy potatoes.I know there is a place for this type of comfort food, but it sure isn't in my stomach.  There are lots of other places for people with a more discerning palate.   This is heart attack food and judging by the size of the people in there, the local heart surgeons will be plenty busy.   Sorry, but I prefer fresher and heather choices.
1 This is the first and last time i will eat here. My order came out wrong. I ordered chicken fried steak, hash browns, and eggs scrambled soft. When i got my food, i had a huge, nearly carbonized steak fritter, smothered in what tasted like whataburger country gravy, a small bowl of grits(not touchin that), a scrambled egg patty thing cooked well enough to cut with a knife, and the clincher, a wierd mottled crispy on the outside, soggy on the inside biscuit. Now. If your gonna call your place "biscuits", you should at least try to nail the biscuit. Anyway if your in this neighborhood, and you want breakfast, id advise going half a mile west on elliot to crackers & co cafe. Theyre doing the same thing, but they are actually pulling it off.
2 Alright food. Terrible service, had a breakfast brunch for Mother's Day and the owner was pushing us out of our table while we were trying to have our meal.
1 Well first off the food is mediocre. The owner is an ass hole. We were trying to enjoy Mother's Day and he instructed his wait staff to clean our table with us sitting there. Thanks for ruining my Mother's Day. Do not visit this location, their other location on Elliot and 48th has MUCH better manners. But remember, the food is mediocre!
2 For fat laden 50's-era diner food in a nondescript atmosphere, this is the place.  The food is perfectly adequate. So is the service. My complaint is with the congregation of LOUD TALKING servers who hung around the hostess stand yesterday while they waited for something to do. They were so loud and obtrusive that my husband and I gave up trying to have our own conversation. Ladies,   please gossip about your coworkers on your own time. We don't care that ___ didn't split his tips with you. Lower your voices and allow your customers a quiet dining experience. Comfort food means nothing if you can't hear yourself think while trying to eat it.
5 Went there a few weeks back on a Sunday.  It was pretty busy but we were able to get a seat within a few minutes.  I had my usual 2 eggs O/E, bacon, sausage and toast.  It was very good and well plated.  My wife had the signature Biscuits which she really liked too.  Our server was actually the manager Dawn, she was great!  She checked on us often and was fast in filling our OJ and coffee.  I would say we're high maintenance because we had our kids with us and she handled it quite well...most other restaurants we just get the cold shoulder but not here.  I thought it was good that the owner came by to see how our food was, you don't see that very often these days.
2 And you thought Windy City was gone...  The food is horrible, takes FOREVER to get, and lacks flavor.   I ordered my food last Tuesday, I am still waiting.  I will say this, the service has gone downhill. At least the staff in the previous establishment filled up my cup and asked how I was doing. Save yourself some money and eat some dog food.
5 The food here is delicious! We have had excellent service every time we have been here. We used to go to the Gilbert location but love that this one opened closer to our house! I am a big fan of the fact that the food is local and organic. We have brought our out of town guests and they loved it as well. Definitely recommend this place!
5 Having had the pleasure to have eaten here at the Biscuits here in Tempe on more than a dozen times, I felt compelled to write a review to let everyone know just how extremely glad I am to have found a place like Biscuits so close to where I live.  It's hard to decide where to start, the food here is so good that words alone can't begin to describe just how much of a delight it is to eat here, the Meatloaf with mashed potatoes are by far the best I've ever eaten along with the Pulled BBQ Pork sandwich, substitute the French fries with Onion rings, country green beans and Cole  slaw or maybe the Oriental Chicken Salad and the Fish and Chip's, Alaskan Cod cooked to perfection to name a few.  Let's not forget the service staff that work here, they are some of the best, friendliest and professional around making sure that you get your food quickly and correctly so that you have one of the best dining experiences possible. Everything about this place makes it an easy choice to keep coming back. I just can't say enough to express my delight in having found Biscuits in Tempe.
