5 This place is elegant, with attentive service and excellent food. Meals come in courses, so while the price seems steep at first, you actually receive a very large amount of food for your cost, all of it well prepared. Would recommend the chicken kabob. Absolutely a great place for a nicer meal out with family, friends or a date!
5 I am so happy that they have a Moroccan restaurant close to me! We had a very pleasant experience here :) The decorations were great and the seats are comfortable. We had their tea, favas salad, baked fish, lamb, panna cotta, and pastilla. The food was very flavorful and the presentation of it wonderful! The portions were neither too large nor too small, I left feeling satisfied . The staff were all wonderful and they were all Moroccan so you knew the food was authentic. They also have belly dancing! This restaurant is a must try!
5 Argana has a fresh new twist on Moroccan food but so authentic you feel like you needed a passport to get here!  I've been here a few times since they re-worked the menu  & Chef Hajji's food is Amazing!  We had the Citrus Romaine Salad, Pastilla and Calamari Steak for starters. All were DE-licious!  The salad was so light & refreshing, perfect for summer!  And I have never had Calamari like that before, it was incredibly tender & flavorful!  We shared the Lamb entrée & it was sooo good, I wanted seconds!   Very  impressed with the high quality of the food for the price, a rare find in Vegas!  The restaurant itself has a tasteful décor with both indoor & outdoor seating. Decent Beer & wine selection as well as friendly staff.  Defiantly coming back!
5 GREAT FOOD and comfy and beatiful ethnic interior decoration!!! This restaurant brought me the feeling like I am traveling to Morocco.  I was so excited to find out here in Las Vegas, we are able to find this much of great and creative and beautiful food.  My friend love pastilla, and I love calamari steak and panacotta.  I also love Salmon, which was Chef's special, not on the menu yet, so much too!!!  Sure, we come again and again!
5 We found this lovely spot on Yelp under the hot new businesses. I'm a fan of middle eastern, so my parents, husband, son and I went tonight. First off, this is not your run of the mill middle eastern food. Some of the spices are similar, but here the flavors are ramped up - truly delicious!  We started with the "spreads" appetizer and selection of salads. Even the pita bread was perfectly done. We then had the Chicken Tagine, Baked Fish, Beef shortribs and and shrimp skewers. Everything was flavorful to the max and perfectly cooked.   They are still working out some kinks (brought out the wrong glass of wine the first time), but when I asked they immediately corrected the issue. The wait staff was attentive and all the food came out exactly as ordered, hot and fresh.  This is the definition of 5 star cuisine. We will absolutely be back.
4 first visit to argana and I liked everything about it.  I have never given a 5 star review and I rarely give 4 star reviews.  we started with the spreads and pita.  the olive spread was excellent.  also shared a chicken pastille with nuts.  at first I thought it was a little dry but the more I ate it, the more I was addicted to it.  for dinner I had the chicken tagine.  I would have liked just one more potato wedge but it was one of the best chicken dishes, of any cuisine, that I have ever eaten.  I hope more people find this hidden gem.  it's the kind of business that makes vegas a great place to live.
5 Had a wonderful meal at this new restaurant.  My dining partner and I ordered the chicken brochette and the chicken tagine.  The brochette was like a shish kabob with pieces of chicken on two skewers.  The chicken was tender, perfectly cooked, juicy and had the most wonderful flavor from the marinade.  The brochette was served with rice and a stuffed tomato half which were both delicious.  The chicken tagine is like a stew of tender pieces of chicken with potatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Very tasty! The chef also sent out to our table a pastilla which is round baked phyllo pastry dough stuffed with chopped chicken, almonds and eggs and sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  It may sound like a strange combination of entree and dessert, but the sweet and savory flavors went together so well, we finished it all.  The atmosphere is lovely and even better was the belly dancing performance.  We had a great time and had some wonderful food at a very reasonable price.  The restaurant is located on Sahara and Durango behind the Outback steakhouse.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
5 Amazing dinner!  The calamari was the perfect start to our meal.  It was super fresh and had a little kick to it too.  We tried the Pastilla next, which was a great mix of sweet and savory.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and served over these lovely beans.  The star of the evening was certainly the roasted Lamb.  It was tender and juicy and just melted in your mouth.  I'm not usually a Pana Cotta fan, but the topping on the Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta had me scraping the dish.  The atmosphere was fun and they have a Belly Dancer for entertainment on the weekends.  The patio was very nice to enjoy an espresso after dinner or a cocktail.   Definitely a great find and I can't wait for my next visit!
5 This is the second time I have been to Argana. Since I loved it so much the first time, I took my husband to try it. And I must say that every time I go the food taste better and better!!! I had the Calamari Steak and that was my favorite, the seasoning on it is so good!!! IT'S A MUST TRY!! We also had shrimp kebab, and the famous Moroccan dish Beef Tagine with sweet prunes and almonds which flavors took me right back to my home country Morocco and brought back the great memories when my grandma would cook it for us!! It was that good!!!! The atmosphere was great and the decoration is so authentic.... The staff were friendly and helpful. The owner came to greet us, and made us feel so welcomed.  This place is now one of my top restaurants to go to. I love to eat tasty yummy food and Argana definitely delivered that....  Ohh and don't forget to get their Panna Cotta!!!! It's one of the best desert I have had so far!
4 Wonderful, authentic Moroccan food in a comfortable restaurant and good service. I went when they first opened and was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. Proper mint tea accompanied the meal. It has a family restaurant feeling, good for a relaxed dinner off the strip. Since much of what they make takes tons of time to make at home, you can bet I will be coming here insteAd of slaving away in my own kitchen! My favorites are the chicken pasdilla, beef tagine, beef short ribs, couscous, hummus. They do a chefs tasting menu which is amazing and also good to do if you are not as familiar with middle eastern food. Love this place!
4 We went there a few weeks after they opened I have to say the food was really good. It's nicely decorated and very comfortable. Nice date night restaurant. The service was great!!! Why doesn't very place have service like this! Definitely will be back soon!
5 This is very authentic the flavors are spot on it was as if I had prepared the food myself!! The service was great.  This is a place we will revisit again and again.  If you enjoy the flavors of Morocco then this is a place for you to go.
5 I'm in love! I've been desperately waiting for a good Moroccan restaurant to open in town that doesn't require me to order a six-course menu of mostly non-Moroccan dishes since my trip to Morocco in 2005, and it's finally here.  I started with my favorite dish, chicken pastilla, which included a citrusy salad on the side. It was perfectly delicious and so nice to be able to get it in Vegas without having to spend the day cooking it myself.  Our second appetizer was the spreads, and although I don't like spreads and hate olives, I was addicted to the olive tapenade.  I ordered the scampi appetizer as my main course, but what they served me didn't resemble scampi at all. I thought they gave me the shrimp tagine, but it didn't match that description either, so who knows what I got, but it was good. It was loaded with shrimp and large beans with plenty of sauce for dipping our Moroccan bread. The shrimp was the ideal size for the ultimate flavor. I probably should have verified that this was scampi, but I didn't really care.  My husband got the kefta tagine, and as with most foods he enjoys, I don't like this kind of dish, but I found myself stealing meatballs off his plate every time he turned away to check out the belly dancer.  We skipped dessert, and soda is served from a can, so I imagine there are no free refills. The place was not busy on a Friday night, but I really hope that changes. Restaurants in this location tend to not last long, so I'm crossing my fingers that there are others looking for REAL Moroccan food in Vegas that will keep Argana going. The atmosphere is cozy and full of Moroccan décor, the belly dancer is entertaining, and service is good. Hopefully everyone will discover this wonderful restaurant and realize what true Moroccan food is!
5 No connoisseur of Moroccan food I was blown away by this place.  Got no pics or even dish names but it was all great from the Moroccan wine and tea thru lamb sausage and a unique calamari. Ambience & service pleasant & of good standard.
5 Amazing amazing amazing!!!!! The food is 5 star, the service is fabulous and the belly dancer was great!! We ordered the calamari steak, Swiss chard and the beef short ribs. All were delicious especially the Swiss chard. I wish I had picture to share but we ate it all too fast!
5 Authentic Moroccan food. This place is truly unique to Las Vegas as we do not have another Moroccan restaurant here, (Marrakech is faux Moroccan, sorry). This place is tucked away in a strip mall behind Outback, little difficult to find if you're not familiar with this center.   We started out with a bottle of Moroccan wine, not on the menu, but just ask, it was really good, if you like Cabs, you will like this wine.   Ameen, our waiter had suggested we start out with the Calamari Steak appetizer as well as the Pastilla. The presentation of both was so pretty, I didn't want to ruin it by eating it! The Calamari was so tender and soft, it melted in your mouth, the flavors of lemon and the chickpea relish really made this dish different from any other way I've had calamari. The Pastilla was almost like dessert, I love sweet and savory and this dish nailed it. Layers of filo dough around chicken and egg with almond, dusted with cinnamon. It was delicious.    I love Tangine cooking, the meat is so tender and the flavors of the spices come bursting through the food. We tried two different dishes, Braised Short Rib and Mechoui Roasted Lamb. Both dishes were equally amazing, and very unique. The Short Ribs were so tender, the meat literally fell apart with a fork, the flavors were so evident, seasoned with cinnamon and honey, marcona almonds and dried apricots. This is served with Khobz, or Moroccan bread, to dip into the juices left in the Tangine. The Lamb Tangine was so good, seasoned with Sharmoula, a spice similar to cumin, and served with Harrisa, which is a condiment, the brilliant color of orange would make you think it is made with carrots, but it gets to color from roasted red peppers and smoked paprika. This is also served with fresh mint, the combination of the flavors were great.   We finished dinner with Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta, very unique, not sweet at all and more of a citrus flavor.  On Fridays and Saturdays starting at 6:30 they have belly dancing, we caught a few songs, and she was really good!   This place was truly amazing, I can't wait to return.
5 Great babaganosh and delicious shrimp also great tangines. We especially liked the ambiance, it is so nice and peaceful and pleasant for talking with friends, so rare to find such good and authentic food and such a nice environment!
5 I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed. The calamari steak is a must order item, and I also highly recommend any shrimp dish, the lamb sausage, the appetizer of mixed dips, the braised chard (not what it seems!), and the panna cotta. I would gladly reorder any item I've had there, with the exception of the mussels. The flavor was great, but for some odd reason they choose to use the frozen green lip mussels rather than fresh.   My one concern, other than the place being hard to find and therefore not attracting a lot of drive-by traffic, is that I think the chef is temporary. He is apparently a big wig chef in Morocco (which if you ever meet him he will inform you of in typical chef fashion), and his friend owns the place. I hope the quality will be maintained when he leaves.  Currently I would place Argana as one of my favorite off Strip restaurants in Vegas, and would suggest it to even the most discriminating foodies.
5 We happened upon this place by accident and I'm so glad that we did!  We had read the Yelp reviews as we were sitting in the car deciding whether or not to go in. Most of the reviews raved about the calamari steak, so of course, we had to try it! We ordered the calamari steak appetizer and it was easily one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. Not only was it delicious,  but it was also very beautifully presented.  Now, on to the main dishes... My husband ordered the chicken tagine.  The chicken was so tender and juicy and the sauce was so yummy. I ordered the chicken brochette,  which is basically a kabob.  Once again, the chicken was tender and juicy and the spices that it was cooked with gave it a great flavor. It also came with saffron rice, potatoes and an incredibly yummy tomato topped with parmesean cheese and spices. For dessert,  we ordered the panna cotta. It had a great citrus flavor and was very refreshing- the perfect ending to an amazing meal! We also ordered a bottle of the Moroccan wine, which perfectly complimented the flavors of our meal. At $45/bottle,  it was totally worth it. The staff was just as great as the food. From the host who greeted us at the door to the waiter to the owner, everyone was so friendly and made us feel very comfortable.   We are already looking forward to going back! Next time,  I'm getting the braised short ribs!
5 My girlfriend and I went here for the first time for our anniversary, and we had a great experience! The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. If anything, they were a little too over zealous in how frequently they checked on us haha  The food was incredible, and I would come back again only to order the calamari steak and the braised short rib again! Both were unbelievable.   The place is newer, and they are very clearly eager to please. At times it was too much, but when is wanting to be great restaurant a bad thing?  It's a great addition to the area, and I hope to god it is successful as it seems to be the only Moroccan in the area that serves such high quality. I would argue better than a ton of restaurants on the strip, and much more affordable too!  The decor was also beautiful and we enjoyed seeing the belly dancer while we ate!  Thank you William and the rest of the team for giving us a wonderful anniversary dinner!
