5 Amazing hair color experience with my first organic hair color. The salon is gorgeous the atmosphere relaxed and my hairstylist Jamie Diamond gave me a great color, cut and style. The non toxic atmosphere is so positive! The decor was well thought and beautifully organic.  The staff is so wonderful,  my coffee was delicious paired with the candies I ate while my color processed. The detox salon signature essential oil was an amazing touch to an absolutely spectacular scalp massage.  Will definitely be returning for some more pampering as soon as I can! Good luck to Detox and all its staff!
5 I'm a natural blonde and have been dying my hair brown for about 8 years now and wanted to go back to light- after all it is summer and it's time for a change!  I was trying to go gradually but it wasn't what I really wanted. I stepped into the salon with blonde roots and dark brown hair. Jamie asked me what I really wanted and I told her that back to blonde was my goal. She evaluated my hair and decided that a complete color correction was the best way to go and though it was a long process, I left the salon with a beautiful blonde head of hair that looks and feels healthy, shiny and polished.  The entire staff was friendly and warm and the Salons atmosphere was comfortable and cozy- like you could spend all day there! It's beautifully designed, naturally based as well which makes me even more impressed with the color correction!!! By the time I left the salon I had the perfect color blonde hair with a fresh, beautiful cut and style. I could not have been happier with the results, they FAR exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back.
5 I recently went into this salon on Saturday for a blow out and curls before I headed to work (LOVE that they're open at 9!!) I saw Jamie and was a bit nervous because I've got a head full of extensions (tape ins that are on their last reset and can't take much round brushing) I wanted some volume and curls that loosened through out the day. When I dry and curl my hair it's about an hour and 15 total, Jamie had me done in 45!! I was incredibly impressed with Jamie's knowledge of color/hair textures/styling/extensions I talked to her about what color I was wanting in the future and will totally be back to get it!! Not only was my experience with her amazing but another stylist Chris was extremely helpful and friendly too even gave me a hand massage while I was getting my blow out with their organic line of lotions!! That stuff smells like heaven!! Literally reminded me of a candy necklace and kept my skin hydrated all day long! The owner Stacy was so friendly and involved with her staff, not in a way that made me uncomfortable but just chatty and friendly. The pictures don't do the salon justice!! I felt like I was with friends I've known for years! Definitely love the vibe!
5 I just had my hair cut and colored here and the space and the staff are amazing! It is clean, modern and comfortable. There are no harsh smells since their products are natural and/or organic. Even the shampoos and hair products they use in styling smell wonderful (not the strong, artificial scents you're used to at a salon). I am definitely going back and strongly recommend others give it a try too! They plan to run monthly specials so you may want to check in with what they're offering.
5 I have super thick wavy hair, so it takes me 45 minutes just to dry it. Detox Salon just opened, and Jamie took on the task of giving me a blow out. Not only is she simply adorable, but she is super friendly. She is wonderful at giving the best scalp massage with the wash, I was so relaxed. She dried my hair quickly, and gave me the most luxurious waves. I could never do this myself. Even my husband told me I looked like I belong in a magazine! If you need a quick blow out to look glamorous, or even a new cut or color....you have to check out Detox Salon and make your appointment with Jamie Diamond!
5 So let's talk about this new place that just opened up nice and close to Home.   ALL 5 Stars if there was 10 I would give it that and I'm a teacher and don't give bonus' lightly.  Basically, made my appointment and had to reschedule, not only did the ladies switch me out for a time that was better suited my needs, they also kept me up to date with the changes.   Service is great, neat & clean space, polite staff & knowledgable hair stylists.   I'm a natural brunette and this was my first time going blonde and chopping my hair. Talk about a change the colors gorgeous, & the hair cut is just what I've been wanting. Jamie took such great care of me during my experience. She's so presentable and had the answer to all of my questions.   Basically id recommend this place to anyone and everyone. I even took some business cards for my purse to pass out.   This salon is the S.H.I.T.   You rock Jamie!!! I'll upload pics later :)
5 Visited detox salon for the first time today. Seriously amazing from the second I walked in the door. The owner Stacey greeted me right away, which was refreshing to actually see an owner that involved. My stylist was Jamie. I had a color, cut, and all of my weft extensions taken out and replaced with the tape ones. When I started I was a lot blonder than I wanted to be and not quite ashy enough. Jamie toned my hair down to the most beautiful ashy blonde with gorgeous low lights. It's very hard for someone to get my hair as ashy as I like it(I would rather be blue than have any red/orange/yellow), but she nailed it(without making me blue). Love the fact that they use organic color and products. Oh and I got to watch E! while my hair was processing and even while she was washing me out(TV on the ceiling!!).My hair feels much softer and cleaner than it usually does. I hate when salons use such heavy products. Seriously obsessed. Can't wait to go back next week for a blow out!! This is the beginning of a lifelong relationship. Go see Jamie at detox you won't regret it!!
5 After doing some research online about different products, I decided that all natural organic products were a must since I'm almost 9 months pregnant and really didn't want to have to wait until after the baby came to get my hair done.  My friend told me about an "all natural" salon that was opening up, so I stopped by and got some info prior to making my appointment. The owner greeted me right away and was very knowledgeable on all the products I had questions about. Not to mention, the atmosphere inside is so fitting, very clean, bright and simple.  After looking over the menu I booked my appointment and was pleasantly surprised that I'd be paying practically the same as if I were going to  a salon with your everyday common, toxic products.   I went in for a cut, color and blowout, and I'm very impressed to say the least. Stacey, the owner,  did my hair.  The dye she used was so gentle and didn't irritate my scalp AT ALL, which is something I'm not used to.  No harsh smell, no burning eyes, it was amazing.  I left with darker hair, a trim and a fabulous blowout.  I also purchased an organic lipstick/lip stain and some fabulous smelling lotion by John Masters. Seriously, i want to eat the lotion it smells so good and the good news is, I probably could since its all natural (but i won't). I would absolutely recommend Detox Salon to my friends. Great service, safe products and an overall solid experience!  Found my new salon!
5 I wanted to surprise my wife for her birthday and take her to get her hair done. Chris did an amazing job, my wife is hard to please when it comes to her hair and she walked out 100% satisfied. She loved the color and style Chris gave her. The staff was so friendly and helpful, we will be returning.
5 What an AWESOME salon!!  A friend referred me to see Christopher and I am SO HAPPY I took her advice!  Christopher was very professional and friendly and my haircut was perfect! He took his time and wanted to make sure I was happy with the cut. Many salons I've been to before rush male clients and don't pay attention to the details of a mans haircut but I was treated to a great experience at Detox. The salon is new and in a good location.  In addition to the great service, this is a VEGAN and ECO-friendly salon! The products are simple and worked great!  I already scheduled my next haircut with Christopher and I'm very glad I've found a new salon in town!
5 Great Products! Great People! I would definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
