5 Just tried this place with my boyfriend and it was absolutely one of a kind shakes! Absolutely delicious! The staff was friendly and I liked the new tech. They have a huge selection of ingredients. I recommend people to check this out! :). The dairy milk shake and the galaxy bar shake are so good!
2 The family was shopping in the Sunset Galleria this afternoon and we encountered this new location.  The owners and the representatives were very friendly and outgoing and doing the things entrepreneurs need to do to lure people in to try new things.  We saw the popsicle options but all four of us opted for shakes.  My son ordered the Kit Kat shake, my daughter the Reeses Peanut Butter, my wife opted for one of the UK specials and I ordered the Chunky Money variety.    My first qualm with this place is the lack of pricing available and with the ambiguity of the pricing of the specialty shakes.  We did not know that there was a size option until we ordered and were asked "what size."  I ordered "medium" for all of my shakes, but was charged for the "Mucho" size for all of them because apparently the specialty shakes are only available in the "Mucho" size.  This should have been made clear to us when ordering and the cashier should not have asked "what size."  The total for 4 shakes was $30!  I understand that this is a novelty, but this was a bit pricey for me to make this a regular stop for me and my family.  To add insult to injury, when asked to pay, the electronic tablet first asks what percentage "tip" to provide.  I am all about rewarding good service and for tipping where appropriate; however, given the exorbitant prices and the fact that the servers are simply combining chocolate milk and ice cream in a blenders, I don't think a tip is warranted.  Now, let's talk about the finished product.  It took quite a while to get the four shakes out and there was no one in front of us after we ordered.  There were 3 people making our shakes so you would think they would be able to get this out faster.  Finally, we received our shakes.  The "mucho" size cup is very small and does not live up to the term.  The shakes were fine, but nothing special to write about.  Certainly not worth the price.    Nielsen's and Mr. D's Custard's products offer so much more quantity and are much better tasting.  Not to mention, both these options cost $10 less than what we paid at this place.
4 I wish 3.5 stars was an option. Not quite a four, but definitely better than average.  It's ice cream shakes (many based on different candy flavors) and gelato or sorbet on sticks. What's not to like?   We had a mini shake with Lucky Charms cereal blended in. It tasted good. It felt like a good value. I'll likely patronize them again.  So if you're at the mall and have a hankering for a shake or a sorbet or gelato bar, Sticks and shakes will serve.  I will say though, they could use some additional signage regarding the options and their costs. It needs to be easier for their customers to understand what choices they have and their costs. Handing out menus is good, but large easy to read signage would be better.
5 My husband and I went there for the first time today! Great experience the owners were actually there he was really friendly! The shakes were awesome! My new favorite spot! Prices are good!
5 Excellent variety of shakes and sticks. (gelato bars).  Prices for shakes start at $4.95.  The Snickers stick was $4.00. Staff is super friendly and eager to please.  I will definitely be coming back.
4 Something new to the area. Shakes with candy in them, gelato and sorbet on a stick. The Watermelon sorbet was delicious and they had other flavors like capuccino, pistachio, chocolate, banana, sour green apple and more. THe shakes looked great and my kids loved them but I am not a shake person normally and I dislike chunks of candy in my shakes because of the change in texture so I only had a small sample.  I will say this, the gummy bear shake tasted reminded me of a boba drink.  THe other three people in my party all had shakes and all finished theirs which says something as I cannot tell you how often I find half drank shakes in my car or house from the kids.    Prices are reasonable and for breakfast they have waffles on a stick.
4 So this new specialty shop features gelato and fruit sorbets on sticks and custom shakes.  Its a stand alone shop across from the food court. I like they make everything  right on the premises.   The sorbet sticks: There was some fruit sorbet sticks made and ready to go on display. Mr. B chose the watermelon sorbet.  True to what they said, there were bits of the fruit in it, the flavors were strong and all natural, you know how I could tell? I didn't see any traces of food coloring on your face like you get when you have a Popsicle.   The shakes: You can have it customized or order their specialty favorites. For the customized ones, you choose from candies and cookies and even red velvet cake,  which they blend up. I went for the Specialty Favorites...the UK Shakes!  They blend shakes from chocolate bars from England. Galaxy Bars,  My friend whose from England raves about it. The Vegas Rock Dog owner even named her dog Galaxy. So that's what I chose. The Galaxy milkshake! It was creamy and subtle chocolate taste to it. .I think UK fans will appreciate more than I did though.   The gelato sticks: I didn't get to try. No samples offered...boo... It's not like the Art of Flavors Gelato place in Vegas that's for sure.. But this place serves it's purpose in the mall. I'ts nice you can find natural and fresh fruit treat here.   The prices: Prices are typical of what you pay in the mall...a  tad higher. No complaints from me though.  There is a 15% off any stick offer though if you check in through your Yelp app first!  Service was helpful,  Ordering wasnt that complicated to me. I thought the simple menu board was self explanatory. The wait to make my shake wasnt any longer than the other places in the nearby food court.  Staff was friendly as was the owner Mark. He really takes pride in his new shop. Mentioned that a second store will be opening also.  I really like the different shops coming into the Galleria Mall lately. And this specialty treat place is a welcome addition. I'm definitely down next time for one of their fruit sorbet sticks!  Yay Im a Fan, so four stars!
