4 The only reason I knew about this place was a hand lettered sign stuck into the ground outside the Viet Hoa grocery.   Some authentic items here, including congee. We had the General's Chicken, Mao Po Tofu and Curry Chicken. The food arrived very quickly to our table, and it was good. The General's Chicken was spicy but complex. The Mao Po Tofu was generous. The Curry Chicken was mild.   This is a small rectangle of space within Viet Hoa devoted to a tiny restaurant. But it felt for a moment like we were back in a corner of San Francisco's Chinatown. For that alone and the attentive staff we will go back and try some of the more adventurous dishes.
5 The food is very authentic.  The chef was professionally trained in a cooking school in Hong Kong.  You will not be disappointing, well unless you like standard fair, which this is not.   The seating is spartan but you get this sense that you are in a different city for a moment.  One of the best secret restaurants you will ever find.  This will not be a secret for long.  The Chef specializes in Dim Sum, unfortunately this location is too small for them to make very much.  I am very excited to see them get their own place and get things going.
5 Joes is my new go to place for Chinese food. Although I miss the Hong Kong Wok at Hilldale mall Joe provides a flavor that is similar if not better in most cases. He also saves me a trip to Middleton because he also sells roasted pork and duck. Like most foodies you dislike when your newfound eateries become populated, but I have learned from the closing of Viet House (that sold maybe the best bahn mi in town and a pho second to Saigon noodles) that it is better to share my indulgences just to keep them around.  Let us hope Joe sticks around Joes wife Jennie is a charm.
5 We took our food home and were very happy with our choices. Egg rolls were large and delicious. The price was only one dollar. Delightful! We had cashew shrimp. The shrimp were large and there was a delicious variety of vegetables . The chicken with mushrooms was outstanding. The portion was large and the sauce was superb. Best Chinese we have had in Madison.
