4 I am so glad I capped off 3 days in a row and 3 shows with Olivia!  She is my father's celebrity crush and when we found out she was debuting her show the last night he was in town, I got tickets during the pre-sale.  We got in line about 30 minutes before the show, which starts at 7:30 PM.  This is the same showroom that features Donny & Marie and George Wallace.  While waiting in line, I realized I was perhaps 3 decades younger than everyone else, but what the heck!  We had balcony seats at a table.  We sat with a couple from Ontario, Canada.  Olivia was very conversational with the audience and had a band complete with a percussionist, bassist, drummer, and back-up vocalists, one of which played a variety of instruments including the fabulous flute, saxophone, and even harmonica.  The female back-up vocalist also helped Olivia with the majority of her on-stage costume changes, which was changing jackets primarily.  She only did one costume change at the end of the show before a 2-song finale, wearing head-to-toe gold sequins.  She sang songs from all aspects of her career, pre-Grease and post-Grease.  She is an Aussie who moved to England at 18 and sang in lounges.  She sang songs she was inspired by, like "Cry Me a River" by Julie London (in V for Vendetta for my generation).  Olivia sang from Xanadu, from her country hits in her early days, songs from her 90s album Gaia, and of course...PHYSICAL!  The most excitement for the crowd came from her 4 minute montage of her life early in the show, with pictures hinting at the order of her career, and the nod to Grease.  She started with a tease of "Look at me I'm Sandra Dee" and then broke into songs from Grease with her back-up singers: You're the One That I Want, Hopelessly Devoted to You, Summer Nights, and We Go Together.  The crowd went wild!  Sure, there were songs throughout the show I did not know, but I did not grow up with ONJ so I was just thrilled to see my dad so happy.  Cool show no matter what generation you belong to, I'd say!
5 Olivia Newton John is top notch! I thoroughly enjoyed this concert performance. It is an intimate theatre experience--highly valued in today's entertainment world.   Olivia takes the audience through her cater hits and does. Great job taking us up and down with pop, country to rich torch  songs.   Wonderful show. I loved it.
5 Loved loved the show! I met my brothers in Vegas over the 4th of July weekend and made sure that we could see Olivia.  Back story. I have 2 brothers. One brother is in the army and the other lives in New York. We all love to gamble. My brother John who is in the army has never been to Vegas but my brother Bruce and I have been several times. Well John was shipped out to Afghanistan a year ago in March of 2013. We got to talk a few times on the phone while he was deployed and we wrote letters. He told us both, when he got back from deployment he wanted us all to meet in Vegas.   He called after he got back and said "Hey can we do 4th of July weekend in Vegas?"  Us: Hell yes!  Bruce calls me immediately and says OMG I think Olivia is in Vegas, we have to see her if she is there when we go. We look it up and sure enough she is there when we are. BINGO! Buy the tickets now! Now I say! We did.  We all graduated from High school in the eighties. So we know us some Olivia!  She sang all of her hits from Xanadu, Grease, etc, plus some country ones that I had forgotten about. She looked fabulous, her voice was still awesome. We were singing  and swaying to the music the whole time!  The theatre is intimate so I don't think there were any bad seats in the house. If you like Olivia this is a must see show!
