5 Had a great dinner with the family and family friend. Started with the calamari and marinara sauce and the portobello mushrooms with dill dipping sauce both were great. I had a Brooklyn lager to go with my dinner. The salad comes with the pizza and you can order the house salad or upgrade to the Caesar salad for a little extra. Both were great. They serve the pepperonis, olives, and Munster cheese on the side. The garlic bread comes with olive oil with a lot of herbs mixed in. The pizzas are large enough to serve 2-3 people, we tried the clams casino, saprano, and Roma pizza. I also ordered the clams and linguini, which came with what seemed to be half clams in the shell and half liguini which is a good thing. The bread is delicious to dip in the sauce. My son had the artichoke chicken that comes with angel hair pasta, which he liked. We were so stuffed but we managed to try the Nutella cake. We had boxed up the remaining pizza for leftovers. The staff is friendly and accommodating. My 4 year old spilled his milk under the table and they cleared it right up and replaced it. The staff were quick to clear plates as we moved through the appetizers and salads. A definite upgrade from the previous pizza place this used to be, and a definite great alternative and step up from macaroni grill and Olive Garden.
3 Okay so here goes my review as you know I'm trying to find the best Italian food in Las Vegas been several Italian restaurants and montesano's is still the best I've had in Las Vegas the pizza here which was a pepperoni lovers was a good pizza but if you're going to have a pepperoni lovers Pizza put a lot more pepperoni on it the spaghetti meatballs the meatballs were very good good flavor however the marinara sauce was a little too sweet in my opinion the garlic bread was very dry and not very garlicky the house salad had a good flavor to it very simple salad but good all in all not the best Italian food I've ever had but good ambience and very very good service.
5 Came here for dinner with my wife and daughter and was pretty pleased with everything, especially given that I am pretty fussy when it comes to Italian food. The service was more than accommodating and the interior was a real surprise, definitely feeling a little more upscale than most Italian restaurants in strip malls. The bar set up was pretty cool too and good to grab something to eat and watch a game and have a drink. We ordered the calzone, they have family size portions and after splitting this between my wife and myself, we still had a little to take home! It was actually one of the best calzones I have had in a while, had plenty of ingredients and the dough was tasty. My wife's family had owned a pizza restaurant for years and she loved it! Given the food, service, ambience and price, we will definitely be back.
5 Wow !!!  Awesome time at Gabriella's. Great food with great draft beer and wine list.  The service was great.  Usually when a place just opens you will get little hiccups in the service as they work through the kinks, but not here. Excellent job here tonight. Live music was a nice touch too.
2 The lasagna was not to good n meatballs where hard.  Gonna try the pizza next time. ..
5 For a new restaurant this place was amazing...in fact, it was great no matter how I look at it.  Service was top notch and the environment was very tasteful and modern with an outdoor seating area available too.  There were three of us and we all ordered entres.  It came with a cheese plate, salad and garlic bread...all of which were delicious.  My lasagna was extremely good, my wife's shrimp pasta was delicious and our friends chicken parmigiana was excellent.  They offered up a nice desert selection, but by the end of the meal we were all way too full to attempt it.  By about half way through the meal we were already plotting our return and discussing how thankful we were that a fine new Italian restaurant was now close by in Henderson.
4 My wife had the chicken parm and I had the Milano. Both dishes were fantastic and portions decent as well. Tried a cheese pizza also; very cheesy and flavorful as far as the cheese, but overall it lacked enough sauce for my taste. Hence 4 stars not five. Great wait staff.
5 Best spot off the strip!! I love Gabriella's!! We've been twice since they opened and I'm excited to bring our friends to our new spot! This place is fantastic and the service is AMAZING!! I've lived in Vegas for over a year and I have NOT received service like I have here!! The first time I came here I was wearing yoga pants and an oversized top bc I just off a long flight... The staff treated me like a QUEEN despite me looking disheveled.   Memo, Wesley, Elias, and Kevin all fantastic! I'm planning a becoming a regular customer bc I love this atmosphere, the staff and the food is a AMAZING!!!   The Soprano pizza and Calamari is great!! Plus the wine selection is awesome and really good prices. I love that the staff knows how to properly serve wine and their knowledge of the menu and beverages selection.
4 This place has great pizza and is very clean. Service was good except for messing up my order a little. They were very apologetic about it. A little pricey but you pay for the ambience.  Also tried the tiramisu which was very good. Will come back again.
5 Stopped in for the first time last night. I was greeted by a very friendly staff  very helpful. I ordered some food to go I had the margherita pizza and chicken piccata. The pizza was fabulous the chicken however, was a little over cooked. The portion was great and everything else was awesome.  I really liked the atmosphere and will be back for sure.
4 This newly opened restaurant came to our attention through Yelp and we are glad it did. Great service, delicious food, and large portions helped justify the slightly inflated prices. The draft and bottle list had ~30 different varieties and the wine seemed reasonably priced. Along with your normal expectations for an Italian restaurant (salad and bread with your meal), Gabriella's also included cheese, olive, and pepper plate.  Our entrees were quite large and we were told the desserts are all homemade (we were too full to try them).  This place is worth your time and money.
1 Hated it. Was so close to taking back the food and throw it at them. I was that upset. Waste of $100.. Placing the order amd receiving part was a nice experience. We were really hungry and reading all the great yelp reviews of this place got us REALLY excited. Now the food.... I could've gotten better food.out of a can than this.  The minestrone was just awful. It tasted like they used pre-packaged powder seasoning of some sort with absolutely no flavor from the vegetables. Calamari was so chewy like rubber that we had to chew like 1000 times. The pizza? Oh my... we ordered the sonny which is their version of a supreme or a combination I think. The sauce was horrible.. it actually made me spit it back out. We also ordered their $20 "specialty" pasta. All we tasted was alcohol. Either they were trying to cover up something fishy or just really love using EXTRA vodka in their sauce. The house salad that came with the meals, ughh.. how do u mess up on salads??? Also ordered a slice of cheesecake which was waaay too sweet. Although they were nice enough to give us two free cannolis, they were also just bad.  Only reason we tried this place was because we were feeling lazy to go pick up at grimaldi's which is our usual spot and they don't deliver.  Am I ever going to try this place out again? NO. NEVER. Plus, this place is way over priced. Ughh gross...
5 So flippin good!   To start the bar tender recommended the house sangria, fruity and really good. My boyfriend and I weren't super hungry so we got appetizers and dessert. You must try the calamari and zucchini fritters.  For dessert we shared the cannoli, YUMMMM! Defiantly recommend.
5 We really like this place!! The amount of food you get is pretty large, Salad is included in the purchase of the pizza and it is served family style.they also serve pasta dishes that we have not tried yet.  The service was very friendly and I feel our server seemed to really know what was on the menu even though it has only been open a couple weeks when we went in. They deliver which is a bonus because the pizza was really good and they do have a variety of toppings to go on it. I would go here again and recommend other try it out as well! My only complaint would have to be that the outdoor patio lighting is very bright for an evening meal. I hope that they would be allowed by the building management to change that one day. They played great old Italian music inside and I hope they will be able to play the music outdoors someday also. The outdoor patio is adorable but just needs to get the ambiance. Try this place !
4 We tried the Mediterranean pizza, it was delicious! Very nice ingredients, plus a very quick delivery (20 minutes). One pizza was big enough for the two of us (we were very hungry!). The garlic bread that comes with was tasty, but small portions and the salad that also came with it was very fresh, but not anything super creative (romaine, diced tomato, two chunks of likely muenster cheese, and one pepperoncini). Over all, very nice, especially for 18 bucks for the two of us.
5 WOW! Second best pizza I've had in Vegas thus far.   The cheese blend on 'The Leaning Tower of Cheeza'; provolone, mozzarella, cheddar and parmesan, was super rich and creamy. I almost went into a cheese coma. We added pepperoni to this pizza, but the cheese was so good, it really didn't need it. I WILL be eating this pizza again very soon. You get a salad to share and garlic bread with every pizza order, so a complete meal for around $20. SCORE!  Service was went well above and beyond. Located in a shopping center with a movie theater, they will offer to hold your leftover pizza in their fridge so you can enjoy your movie and come back to pick up your leftovers. I've never heard of a restaurant doing this, and I think it's a phenomenal idea.
3 It is nice to have a new Italian restaurant in the area. This place recently opened and it seems like they haven't quite worked out all of the kinks. Our waiter was very nice but not very knowledgeable. Our chicken entrees were just ok. I found the Chicken Piccatta almost too salty to finish. The garlic bread was excellent and the spumoni gelato was also excellent. We will try this place again for their pizza.
5 This is new and a little expensive but very good. We needed something good in this area also, it will be good to have great food close.
5 This place has the best pizza!!! Love the chicken piccata as well.  I was impressed with the service and establishment. I have tried several pizza places here and have not been impressed until now. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5 Amazing in every sense.  Food, customer service, ambiance--they have it all.  We picked up pizza tonight for my husband's birthday and it was an all around awesome experience.  They were a bit behind so instead of having my mom just sit in the lobby they gave her a tour of the restaurant.  The pizza was phenomenal (had the five cheese and the white pizza with pancetta) and came with salad and bread.  We had 4 hungry adults and 2 kids and had lots of leftovers so the food goes a long way.  I'm officially moving on from Grimaldis and moving up with Gabriella's.  I just hope it gets the local support such an awesome business deserves!!!
5 After coming to Gaby's on a pretty regular basis since it opened a few months ago I've decided to give it 5 stars and let fellow Yelpers know about it. I hope many of you will stop in since I really want this place to make it. The food is so good. Had the pomodoro tonight. Delicious. Like grandma would have made, if I were Italian! Ce with a big salad and garlic bread. Great ambience. Super employees. Wonderful everyday happy hour from 4-7 in bar. Really good draft beer selection. All crafts, no crap. Wine list needs some more choices in my view, but they have several very drinkable reds and whites by the glass for just $5. $4 during happy hour. Overall I'm thrilled to have Gabriella's in my neighborhood. And I will be back, often.
5 Great place to go. The food and service was excellent!  Will come back during the week to try the happy hour specials. Definitely worth going :)
4 Yum Yum Yum!!!  Service and food were wonderful!! Keep up the good work. We will be back!!!
