1 After reading the glowing reviews on Facebook, I decided to make the short drive to DeForest and check out BB Jacks.  After suffering through some service issues and some lackluster food, I learned two things: 1. Never trust Facebook for restaurant reviews (Didn't mean to cheat on you Yelp, it's just you were slow on the draw on getting this new restaurant listed.) 2. I will not be returning to BB Jack's anytime soon.  My daughter had a late soccer game in Waunakee, so I decided to call in a carryout order for a pizza and a Reuben sandwich.  I was told that my order would be ready in 15 to 20 minutes, just the amount of time I needed to drive from Waunakee to DeForest.  Things were looking good...  I arrive 15 minutes after I called, checked in at the bar and lo and behold, my pizza was ready to go.  I paid for my order; the bartender brought my pizza to the bar and thanked me for my order.  One small problem, no Reuben sandwich.  When I asked the bartender about its status, I got a confused look and he scampered into the kitchen.  He came out, told me it was not ready yet, and then tended to the other customers at the bar, which was packed on a Thursday evening.  So I waited...and waited...and waited.    And I watched my pizza get colder...and colder...and colder.  One of the servers sitting at the bar told me the kitchen prepared the pizzas in a separate area from the rest of the food.  Uh, OK, a useful fact if I ever get a question about BB Jack's kitchen operations during trivia night, but what I really want to know if when my sandwich will be ready.  After ten minutes, another server saw me impatiently waiting by the bar and asked if I have been helped.  I explained my situation and he checked with the kitchen to check on the status of the sandwich.  He indicated it will be a couple of minutes and offers me a drink while I wait.  The sandwich shows us thirteen minutes after my pizza and I hit the road.  The good news first: the tater tots that accompanied my sandwich were well prepared - hot, crispy on the outside and not too greasy.  The folks at BB Jacks have mad deep frying skills.  I could have done without the powdered parmesan cheese sprinkled on top, but if that's their signature touch, so be it.   To say my Reuben sandwich was dismal would be an understatement.  The main ingredient of the BB Jacks Reuben is a thick layer of bland sauerkraut, which turned my sandwich into a soggy mess by the time I got it home.  The bread was supermarket quality marble rye and needed to be cut thicker to hold up to the all the wet kraut.  The sad layer of corned beef was excessively salty.  The 1000 island dressing had the consistency of warm jello.  It was a paint-by-the-numbers sandwich using institutional grade ingredients.    The half pepperoni / half cheese pizza also was a bust.  The crust was on the thin side and had no chew and little flavor.  The sauce was applied unevenly, with some spots swimming in sauce and other with just a trace.  The cheese had a strange filmy quality.  I had a couple of pieces and it was so bad that it had me questioning my belief that there is no such thing as a bad slice of pizza.  The capper was that my daughter found a hair on one of her slices.  It was so bad that we didn't even keep the leftovers; the uneaten slices were dumped in the garbage with nary a complaint from my family.  After my dismal experience, I wrote messaged the owner of the restaurant to express my disappointment with the quality of my experience.  To their credit, I received a prompt response from the restaurant manager apologizing for the mix-up on my carryout order.  I really hate to dole out one star ratings, but given the problems with my carryout order and the weak-ass food, the dreaded "Eek! Methinks not" description is apropos given my lackluster experience.
2 Hmmm. I'm not feeling the love for this place. The only way I can describe the ambience is...weird. Not a fan of the color scheme or the lighting--it just doesn't give me that warm, fuzzy feeling I like in a neighborhood joint. And the beer--don't get me wrong: they have a good selection...but it's pricey. I probably won't be busting down any doors to come back.
5 What a great place! The bar area was beautiful and seemed very inviting, however, since we were having lunch we sat at a table. Our waitress, April, was very attentive and kept our drink glasses topped off...always a plus.  We started with fried pickles which were lightly battered with a cornmeal batter. Served with a spicy Ranch dressing- great appetizer! We all ordered something different and all decided we would try each other's meal when we returned.  If you're not sure what to order, go with the incredible steak salad with house bleu cheese!!!! It was a HUGE salad but I couldn't stop eating until I finished off every piece of steak! Always love fresh ingredients! I will definitely be back when I return to the area!
5 Great food, great selection of beers, and great service. The fried cheese, fried pickles, and chicken wings were delicious. Went there for Mother's Day brunch as well, and was very happy with that decision. The owner is very creative with his recipes, and truly cares about the customer experience.
