4 If their Shanghai Xiao Long Bao 小籠包 is the only item on their menu, I would still be dropping by this latest Chinese restaurant to open up in Las Vegas's greater Chinatown area. Now before you all go crazy and question why it is only getting 4 and not 5 stars on Yelp, let me explain.  It is good, not the best I've ever had, but I enjoyed it. In fact, after my unplanned XLB crawl of the 2 newest restaurants that serve it to open up on the west side, I can say A & K Chinese Restaurant (aka Heng Long Chinese Restaurant, if going by their name on the credit card receipt) was the clear winner of the head-to-head XLB CHALLENGE over Edamame Restaurant on Wednesday, May 7th, 2014.    You don't have to take my word for it though. What I think is "good" could be "that is the worst, flavorless blah blah I have ever had!"  (Funny random thought: what if water is being judged right now?)  Anyway, seems like we are blessed with more and more XLB options in Las Vegas, which means to make it, the chefs all have to up their games. Translation: consumers are the winner. Yay!  I also had their Three Treasures Dumpling 三鮮水餃 (12pcs) per order and it was pretty good too. The fact they hand make these is just wonderful.  On my first visit I also tried their Pan Fried Pork Bun 生煎包 (8 pcs) $7.95. If you go by yourself, this item alone will be enough to send you home with a full belly. It was just okay, the doughy bun on the outside is thinker than what I have had in Taiwan (which was THE BEST 生煎包 at that busy night market), so maybe not fair comparison.  Beef Pancake Roll 牛肉卷餅 $7.95. Decent. There are better ones I have had within a 2 mile radius.  Hot Purple Sweet Potato Juice 紫薯汁, small $2.25. It was an experience to try this. It is basically purple sweet potato drink, not really sweet, but a creamy dessert alternative beverage.  Service overall was good.  I happened to have been there when they were not busy, so that might have helped too. Plus I can speak enough Mandarin Chinese to get by in restaurants, so that certainly helped.  Decor/Ambiance was pleasant. Music playing in the background was not Chinese, but instrumentals of popular American songs, which you probably wouldn't even pay attention to unless you focus on it.  Price/Value: I think it was good overall.   Note: this is NOT your typical Chinese takeout restaurants. I must admit I am not familiar with most of their menu offerings, because I am not at all an expert on Shanghainese cuisine. But they also described their cuisine as 新派江浙 (New style of Jiangsu and Zhejiang - per Google Translate, which is still like Hexcodes to me). But come for their XLB, and if you are adventurous enough, you can explore their other menu items.  Expect an UYE for Xiao Long Bao 小籠包 crawl and another one to just explore this restaurant's menu (yeah, I am definitely gonna need backup).  Bonus: Love that American Express is accepted along with other forms of credit card payments.  :)  Review #23 of 2014
4 We heard of the XLBs here from Tony's review, but alas they had none. We've heard from other friends of them not having any so perhaps it's something they make only a certain time, so calling may be a good idea.   Me and my friends decided to do family dinner, but left ordering up to the only one of us that spoke the language to pick and order up for us so excuse that I don't have the official menu description/name for everything.  We started with steam buns that had small crispy shrimp, leek and dried tofu to fill it with. This had good flavor and I enjoyed the bitty shrimp in it.   Edamame, mustard greens and pork - I've had this dish at other places and this was pretty standard, but good. I thought it was decently prepared.   Rice cakes with greens - I love rice cakes and this is one of my favorite, basic ways of preparing it because of my brother and I ordering it often before.   Steamed fish special on their wall - it was fresh fish in a simple soy and sesame sauce with ginger and cilantro on top.   Green onion pancake - theirs was just OK. It was a bit dense and didnt have those flaky layers in between, just crispness from the outside. There are better places for this dish.   Steam dumplings - these were pretty decent, though the wrapper of mine fell apart so maybe needed less time steaming.   Beef pancake roll - this was pretty good. I havent had one in Vegas yet so I can't compare elsewhere, but I liked it.  We got a pitcher of carrot juice to drink.   The service was just okay. I'm worried about a language barrier perhaps as they were speaking Chinese to a friend that didn't speak it.  The food was good and they had a large menu full of stuff that sounded intriguing that warrants a return. I'm not really a expert in Shanghainese cuisine at all, but everything was pretty good and reminded me of growing up with my half siblings who are Chinese.
4 Simply, some of the best Chinese food in Las Vegas. And the prices are very reasonable.   This is authentic Chinese food: Menu in mandarin? Check. Restaurant packed with local Chinese folks looking for a taste of the mother country? Uh huh. DHS human trafficking surveillance van in parking lot across the street? Yup! (Just kidding!!)  The kids love to have "exotic food", and they devoured this stuff. We tried the fish in tasty sauce as a main dish ($19). It came out in a huge bowl and was on top of a pile of veggies & garlic. I was nervous at first because of all the garlic, but the sauce was the perfect balance of spice and flavor.   We also had fried rice and a crispy noodle with seafood medley. Definitely going back to this place. Please check them out.
4 Food was good. Prices were fine. Service was fast and friendly. Restaurant was clean and pleasant. Will visit again.
