5 We recently had 8 windows and our sliding screen door replaced by James and Bob of AZ Door and Window, and they exceeded our expectations.  They beat other window companies by a couple thousand dollars and did a wonderful job with installation.  Even though we live in Flagstaff, they were prompt and on time, professional and were able to complete the job in one day!    I highly recommend AZ Door and Window, and have to friends and family, and I couldn't be happier with our new windows!
5 I highly recommend Arizona Door and Window. James was very professional and worked with us to make sure we were getting what we wanted. We had all the windows replaced on an old brick home and we could not be happier with the speed, professionalism and quality of the work done. Even our neighbors were impressed with the work they performed!  Shop around if you would like to but I know that these guys have the best price and service in the valley!  We will definitely be using Arizona Door and Window on future projects! Thank you James!
5 We recently bought a 1959 rental home in Tempe and decided to upgrade the 6 main windows. Having never dealt with this kind of improvement before, we literally hoped for the best when we came across Arizona Door and Window and I first spoke with James. He was friendly, knowledgeable and seemed to genuinely care about knowing exactly what we were hoping for and understanding that our budget was very limited. I asked a ton of questions, but he patiently worked with me (that gets huge props right there LOL) and gave us a great quote and a pretty quick install date. All our windows had to be retrofitted and the old casement windows weren't easy to remove, but WOW, what a wonderful difference when all the new windows were installed in about 1/2 a day and there was no mess left behind. The house immediately looked so much better and the outside noise was really reduced from a busy street. Highly recommended and now a big fan ^_^!  Thank you James.
5 Had 4 french doors installed last week by AZ door and Window and they did an amazing job!  Had great communication from start to finish.  The installers were professional, meticulous about their work, and made it evident that the needs of their clients came first!  Would highly recommend them!
