2 2.5 Stars  Let me be truthful, I am comparing the Silver Dragon Chinese Restaurant(SDCR) to the last place(Dragon Chinese Restaurant...yes very similar name) that was in this very building less than a month ago in this review.     My family and I saw some immediate changes as we walked into SDCR.  They have way more staff than the previous owners.  As you're seated they are at your table in a flash taking your drink order...good right!?   Less than a minute later you are smothered by the service!  I did not like that SDCR is doing everything it can to keep the presentation of the previous place.  Resembling business name, no change to the exterior nor the interior and identical menu with the exception of higher costs.  OK back to the review...a minute after getting the drinks we were confused from the sense of déjà vu!  So we order an appetizer to give ourselves some time to get our bearings.  I kid you not, a second server approaches up within a minute of placing our APP order.  I am getting pissed and told the second waitress we're not ready and was really considering paying for the drinks and appetizer and getting out of Dodge!  The suspense of tasting a few of the regular items we used to order from Dragon Chinese Restaurant to see if SDCR could replicate kept us in our seats.  As we are discussing which items to get we kept hearing people arriving after us asking if this was the same place or asking for the previous employees.  The new crew had the mantra of, "we are owned by the same owner" and "we have better food".  Before the appetizer hits the table we were asked to place our order two more times since my last account.  We finally are placing our order as the APP hits the table.  We order Crab Puffs...they had the same appearance and taste, but the serving size went from 8 pieces to 6 pieces at a higher cost.  They brought our order of Chicken Fried Rice and it looked like it should have.  Again the portion shrunk, this time the flavor was off...way off.  I normally do not use soy sauce on my fried rice but this time it was needed because it was bland.  Along with the lack of flavor the peas and carrots were cool not completely cooked.  Next we have our Shrimp Chow Fun, can you guess if the trend will continue...yes smaller portions.  This is not a saucy dish and noodles are dry, I know this but the underside of the noodles were not coated with the sauce which made this dish under spiced too!  While we were eating we overheard a customer from the previous place give specific instructions with his add-ons along with what the previous restaurant charged for the add-ons.  My family and I got a kick out of this guy and chuckled.  My daughter said that the guy was her "spirit animal",kids say the funniest things sometimes.    My family and I were very critical with SDCR because we REALLY LIKED Dragon Chinese Restaurant.  SDCR has lost our family's go to status.  Will we ever return, sure to see if they get better whenever in the area.  We will no longer make a special trip from Avondale to eat here.  If I did not compare it to one of my once favorite places, I would give it three stars.  At this point it is very average but it is also their first week being opened.
2 I was surprised that this location has changed hands yet again. The "new owners" told my wife (in Chinese because she is Chinese) that they didn't know where the old owners went??? Right. Anyway, the food is not really bad, but it is much more traditional Chinese food instead of the Americanized version most of us are accustomed to. (White Fungus Tofu Soup, Yu Fu, Bitter Melon, etc.) The portions are definitely smaller and the prices are considerably higher. The menu I was given, I hope, is just a transitional menu and the real ones are at the printers as we speak. I say this because there are no appetizers like egg rolls, won ton soup, etc at all on the menu I saw. Also there are no combination plates or lunch specials that I could see. The old restaurant had a better selection, lower prices and bigger portions yet still could not make it. I feel certain these guys won't be around for very long either. I doubt we will return.
5 Ever since they left their old location on 19th and Dunlap I been looking for a place to go for Chinese Food. Now thanks heaven there back. The food tasted just like the old days, including the Crystal Shrimp.
4 When I was told to visit Silver Dragon because it was traditional Hong Kong Style Chinese food I was excited because there is a lack of authentic Chinese food in Phoenix.  The minute we walked in and majority of the patrons were speaking Cantonese, I knew it would be good!  Then when the wait staff presented me with an Asian menu in addition to the regular menu, I knew that I would find traditional authentic dishes I grew up eating.  I found the servings of Crispy chicken and salty duck to be quite substantial, as was the salted fish and chicken fried rice.  The gai lan (Chinese broccoli) was tender and seasoned perfectly Sayers in garlic.  The staff was prompt and friendly.  Many of the authentic dishes incorporate dried scallops which is rare to find because dried scallops are very expensive!  I found my regular Chinese restaurant!
3 Found a newly opened place between Frys & Filibertos.   CLEAN. Nice Staff. Really Clean. Family owned.  The lunch specials are generous and when I said EXTRA Spicy the server actually believed me so I was happy.  Vegetables were all fresh and cooked with respect (nothing mushy).    $10 got me lunch, drink & tip so I'll put this place in my work-lunch want to go out but only have an hour Rotation!
4 Yay Silver Dragon is back!  Our family used to go back when it was on 19th avenue and Dunlap.  There is no other place I got to for wonton noodle soup.  Never order off the American menu (if they have one).  Go and ask for a bowl of wontons.  You can get them with noodle or without.  They are heavenly.  Skip the fried potstickers (they taste a little like the ones you get at Costco).  This is homestyle Chinese food.  The décor and ambiance is zero.  The service is friendly enough but brisk.  You are eating in what looks like an old Wendy's after all.  The braised dishes and vegetables are outstanding.  The fried rice not so much.  Chicken will be served Asian style, cold and hacked to pieces so beware of bones.  Take out is super fast and is ready by the time I'm there.  (Better ambiance at home anyway).  But yes, get the wontons, you won't regret it!  PS you know it's good when every time I've been in, there are actual real, live, multi-generational Asian families pointed their chopsticks at each other.  This is how you know it's the real deal.  Bonus: it is really reasonably priced.
