5 Great quality at good prices. I was the only and first one to use a coupon. Elyse was awesome!
1 Worst experience ever, the sales guys in store say they are not paid commissions, but they are behind your ass every minute.  Really the worst experience in a furniture store.
1 My delivery was schedule for June 7th because I had a special order piece (couch).  The delivery arrived without the special order and one of the dressers was damaged.  The couch was delivered the next day, but the dresser that needed to be replaced was left off of that delivery.  I still do not have all of my furniture and I have already had to give up 2 days waiting around for delivery.  Additionally, when I purchased my furniture I was told that I have 36 month of 0% interest but when I spoke to GE Capital they told me that I only have 18 months. This entire process has been disasterous and I am extremey disappointed.  Before this weekend I was telling everyone to go to Living Spaces for furniture, but after the delivery being screwed up not once but twice and being lied to about my financing I will tell everyone I know not to buy anythiing from Living Spaces.
4 Awesome service and very kid friendly.  Charlie and Joe were amazing helping me find what I needed while shopping with my 3 kids.  I would highly recommend Living Spaces...great service, good prices and impeccable service.
5 We first came to Living Spaces two days after they opened, and were very impressed. Beautiful, spacious, and well thought out floor plan. Nice furniture and accessories, set up in room settings. Sales associates friendly and knowledgeable and anxious to please. Johnny helped us select our dining room set and was great. The second trip was to use the $25 coupon I got for my first purchase. This time I bought a rug, coffee table, and end tables. And, because they wrote up the order as two separate orders, they were able to give me two more $25 off coupons, which I used yesterday on my third visit! I bought another rug and some lamps. Unfortunately, this time the rug was damaged when we unwrapped it. Had to take it back, which sucks because it's an hour drive to get there! They would not agree to pick it up and deliver another one. Good news is they are going to build a new store in Chandler in early 2015. I find all their merchandise to be of good quality so far, and consider it the best furniture store in Phoenix. Ask for Dana in the rug department--she is very helpful! Be sure to ask about restocking fees if you're not sure about your purchase, and inspect your purchase carefully before driving home with it.
1 They sold me two nightstands that were broken. After having the technician take a look at them they determened that they needed to order replacement parts. 1 month later I receive the parts. I call the customer service number and they said they would send a technician out on my next day off.. Nobody shows up. After I called they said that the representative made a mistake because they dont service my area that day.  I reschedule for my next day that I was available (about 5 days later) I specificly advised them that It needed to be before 2pm because I had a shift that day. I get no call and nobody shows up. Then the tech calls at 3:30pm and said he was at my front door. WTH!!!!  I'm going crazy with this company I work for a living not stay home and wait for something to be fixed that was should not of been broken in the first place..Now they want me to call the day before just in case I dont get a reminder call. I NEED MORE FURNITURE FOR MY HOUSE BUT I WILL NEVER EVER GIVE THESE BROKEN OVERPRICED AND NO RESPECT FOR THEIR CUSTOMERS PERSONAL TIME!!!   PLEASE GO ELSEWHERE! THANKS!  Hopefully they fix my two nightstands that cost me $499 each!
5 I have to say these reviews surprise me!  I've been to Living Spaces (I-10 & 67th Ave) twice now and have been thoroughly impressed with the selection, price, quality, and staff.  We've added a number of new pieces to our home and although they're still "new", we're really enjoying them and love the look.  I think the price and selection, for these modern pieces is really outstanding.  Most important to me is the service and experience aspect of business and this is where I am most impressed.  In general, I find these "big box" stores to lack in service, but this place is doing it right!  I've worked with four different associates and have been impressed with them all.  My last trip the staff actually pulled some strings with their manager to help me accomplish my goal (piecing together a dining room set).  The "elements" section at the front of the store is great and will keep me coming back for things here or there!  I think you should check it out!
