5 Drais was so much fun! They have a fireworks package on the menu! The menu is the same as all other clubs, but moderate for the area and location you get! The tables were very spacious by Vegas standards, there are red booths between the main room and patio on the dance floor, perfect location for everything. I liked the view, fun to see the Fountains from above.   The music was great! They played a bit of everything so a nice change from what you see at other big clubs. The LED screens and disco ball took the party to another level. They have one wall that is covered in crystals which I need to do that in my house! We danced all night, I cant wait for our next adventure at Drais! (I highly recommend checking out Drais Beach Club too)
5 SO MUCH FUN! I danced all night, it is my new favorite spot. High Energy music, places to hang out, places to go crazy, great place for photo opps above the strip. I recommend it to EVERYONE.
5 I don't normally do reviews, but we couldn't find anywhere else that could match the view, music, and overall atmosphere. Make sure you end up at Drai's!!
5 Went to Drai's last night for the first time. I was a bit skeptical since I has been to gambling bills before, but after I saw the Cromwell renovations, I figured I would give it a shot.   I arrive at the club at about 9:40. The doors didn't open until 10, but the guy at the ropes, I think his name was Derek, was very friendly and personable.   I ended up in the club by 10:20, and immediately was drawn into the decor. Very modern, but not overwhelmingly so. After walking down a short hallway, there's a balcony which is a great spot for pictures and really shows off the uniqueness of the club.  I really liked the layout inside. It is large enough that the dance floor and table areas makes sense, which I was really happy to see. I'm glad it didn't turn into a cramped space like you would experience at surrender.   The outside looked amazing! Although the pool area was small, the daybeds and cabanas were spread out nicely, and each one had a fantastic view of the strip, which really highlighted the uniqueness of the club.   The waitresses were very quick to take our orders and fill them. After spending 30-40 minutes waiting for bottles at marquee and XS, this was a very nice change. Over all, Drai's met and exceeded my expectations. I would definitely recommend this to others!
5 One of the largest and most beautiful set up clubs I have ever went to this weekend. I guess this club is only two weeks old and the place was too large to ever get it over crowded.   The music during the weekend was edm and to me it was ok.   Overall this club was something's out need to see  scenic, big, beautiful.
5 Best club ever. Beautiful people, rooftop, nice drinks. $30 cover, no shorts, no running shoes, shirt must have collar.
5 Whoa.  This place is awesome!  We were on the guest list and the line for that was extremely long.  We had to be in by 10:30PM to avoid paying a cover.  Getting anxious because being a guy, I'd rather not pay a hefty cover.  I'd rather use that on a couple of drinks.  The guys in suits (wouldn't consider them bouncers) were really helpful.  One of them checked us in and gave us the guest list pass.  You then proceed to the elevator section.  There's no one really guiding you so just hop on with your friends and other people who are ready to party.  There are a lot of stairs here so those heels can be a tough one to deal with.  Otherwise, once you get there, you know you're there.  Amazing.  Three bars total, which helps a lot.  One outside near the pool and then two inside that are opposite of each other.  Atmosphere and vibe here is just crazy good.  And the view being on the rooftop of The Cromwell makes it that much better.  Only downside was that there were a lot of creepers here.  Both male and female.  But that's normal at any club, I guess.  Great music too.  DJ's seemed to switch off every half hour.  That could be good and bad.  In this case, it kept the party on a good note and opposite of boring.
5 Wow, beautiful club! I am not a fan of EDM music at all, but I ended up loving this place.   The line was super long, even for those on guest list. Arrive early for guaranteed entrance! Despite the length, we got in pretty quick.  I was really worried about getting in, because we once tried Drai's in Hollywood & that was definitely a horrible, chaotic experience. Drai's LV is a completely different story.  The club is beautiful!! You take an elevator up & it opens up to a nicely draped hallway. Your first glimpse of the club is over a balcony. Perfect for taking pictures!  There are A LOT of stairs... Pay attention because I wasn't, lol.  Three bars, a million tables, nicely sized dance floor, attention grabbing decor & graphics and overall an amazing view. It almost reminds you of Surrender, but this is 1000x better.  Their bartenders were AMAZING! Shout out to our Asian bartender with an afro.. I think his name was Lawren. He does this sleek trick with throwing the napkins to land perfectly in front of you, ready for him to place your drinks on. Very, very generous pours & fast service. Unlike most clubs in Vegas, you only had to wait a minute at most in line to order your drinks. Kept the flow and good feelings going all night.  The music is pretty good. They switch DJs every 30 mins or so which keeps it from being repetitive.   Keep an eye out for DJ EFX debuting this Thursday, June 12th!
5 The club opened Memorial Day weekend. We went the weekend after.    To make life easier, we bought tickets online.  The tickets were 20+ for ladies and 30+ for gentlemen.  It wasn't crowd, which was nice.  May change as soon as the word spreads.  The crowd is pretty mixed. It's a nice open aired venue similar to XS.   The bathrooms are down the stairs which is a bit of a pain, but everything else is great. The decor is nice and modern and if you're outside, there's a great view of the strip!   I would definitely go back. Although the dj wasn't the greatest that night.
5 What can I say... I was so excited to finally go check out Drai's and it did not disappoint. Beautiful club with great atmosphere and plenty of space. Nice size tables and of course the fact that its a rooftop venue with a view is pretty awesome. I'm not a fireworks guy so that doesn't do it for me but others seemed to enjoy. The staff was friendly and attentive.  Wish Cromwell had more parking space but trust me.. it's worth the extra walk.  I look forward to more visits to Drai's and many more nights of partying.
5 Love this place!! Great Dj, great Staff, very helpful. The atmosphere and ambiance is incredible.
5 Wow!  I can't believe this is the same place that Bill's used to be.  I didn't want to like it because I loved the old school atmosphere that Bill's was, but they did an amazing job.  It is gorgeous!  This has to be the best view of any of the mega clubs.  Watch out Vegas, Victor Drai has stepped it up!
5 The new club at Drais has shifted the emipcenter of fun on the Las Vegas Strip for sure. The roof top view of the strip from this club is second to none. The music and lighting of this club is state of the art. Not only is this one of the best looking clubs in Las Vegas but the bottle girls are friendly and beautiful.   I went opening weekend (memorial day weekend) and the environment was energetic. I also went the following weekend to see if it was a fluke and to my surprise I had more fun the second time around. This goes to show that this club offers something special and different than 99% of the clubs in Vegas. This is a must see and must do when youre in Vegas. Drais out did itself!!!
5 Woah! This is hands down, the most amazing and beautiful club I have ever been to in my entire life! Are you kidding me?!? The moment I walked in and saw the club, with the pool area behind it and the strip behind that- I was in love! This is something everyone needs to experience.  The music, along with all the special effects (LED lights, confetti, presentations) made the whole night so much fun and exciting! They even have fireworks shows off the rooftop sometimes.  Service was perfect! The cocktail waitresses are beautiful and on it- always making sure drinks are full and our table was perfect at all times. I really appreciate that. Am definitely coming back for another amazing experience!
5 This club is out of this world! The views are second to none- hands down! It was a busy night with lots of people, but there was plenty of room to walk around and dance. Also, for as busy as this Saturday night was, the service was still excellent. To me, that's huge! My friends and I had a great table on the dance floor and it wasn't even expensive compared to other clubs in Vegas. Which shocked us all because it's the newest club and just so sick! We'll be back for sure the next time we hit up Vegas!
5 My boyfriend and I went to check it out because it was a new venue and we actually had a good time. We haven't went to the beach club but the night club was fun! It's one of the clubs that has an out doors part and indoors, so it feels like you have more room. Which we personally like to goto more. The view from outside was the perfect view of the strip so we mainly hung out at the outside bar. The inside portion really stood out, all of the walls were screens with lights. We didn't stay long because we had to work in the morning but we will defiantly be back!
5 After being inside every club in Vegas. I didn't think I could be surprised and wowed like I was at the new Drais club. Everything starting from the wall decor to the layout and obviously the view alone is to die for. It has the best of all the clubs in Vegas. Gorgeous outside seating, cabanas for large parties and the inside is just done very tastefully. If I had to choose one club to go to in Vegas it would be Drais.
5 This is the most beautiful club! The views of the strip are amazing and the staff is super nice!
5 Located inside the newly remodeled hotel now called Cromwell, Drais is fastly becoming my favorite club in Las Vegas. With a gorgeous setting overlooking the strip and the world famous fountains of Bellagio the view from the club is simply amazing and incomparable.   In addition, every staff member I had interacted with was very friendly which was a nice surprise, when compared to staff of other clubs on the strip. Keep up the fabulous job Drais! Def coming back.
5 Wow. Is this club amazing!! Located inside the Cromwell atop of the hotel is where you'll find Drai's. With an open rooftop patio where you can take in all the views that it has to offer. It's really a breathtaking view. The layout is pretty cool half inside with a big covered club that kinda looks like the inside of Space Mountain and the other half is the rooftop patio with pools and jacuzzis and palm trees and synthetic grass.   I went during their grand opening MDW and it was insane! Everyone was full of energy and the club was really packed. A good kinda pack though. And you can make your way to and out of the club to the patio which is always nice to catch a break and get a nice view.   Can't wait to go back!
5 Drais has become one of my favorite clubs. I went the other night and my waitress Lanni was amazing. Music was on point, service was great, and the venue is awesome! Definitely bumped Marquee to my second favorite. Can't wait till I have time off to go back!
5 Where to begin!! this club is honestly amazing! The view of the strip is spectacular and the led walls and lasers are very eye catching. The decor is all black and pink inside and white pink and yellow outside.   I went on a Thursday when DJ spider was playing and I had no idea who he was but I really liked his set. He mixed edm with hiphop really well, I had a lot of fun. One of my favorite clubs in Vegas. I can't wait till the word spreads and they get some headliner djs, they're gonna kill it.
5 Drais is by far one of the nicest clubs I have ever been to. I once thought there were "other" clubs that would be more spectacular than this place but after being at drais for a pool party and the night club; I found my theory to be wrong. From the massive interior of the night club to amazing rooftop view you get from the pool. Nothing is more magical than being able to see the bellagio fountains right from your table, love it! The pool is a decent size and the palm trees on the rooftop are breath taking. Service I would say was good I had no complaints bartenders extremely nice and waitresses were just a blast to have around. I love this place and would recommend it to anyone and know they would not be let down!
5 Drais is by far the best place in Vegas now!  10000 times better than the old venue and the most fun I've had in Vegas in years.  Does not disappoint.
5 This has to be the best night club I've ever experienced! The staff, atmosphere & general ambiance were spectacular - I will definitely come back here any and every time I'm in Vegas.
5 Its the best club I ever been! Its beautiful, the music can't be better and all the people there was very cool :)
5 I actually visited this club twice in one day, sort of... Daytime for the dayclub/pool and again at night. The difference, while not quite night and day (haha), was pretty striking.   The nightclub is just as, if not more, beautiful than the dayclub. The rooftop is open and the view of Vegas at night is always amazing. However, being inside the club is just as fantastic an experience. You can still see outside and it has a very open feel, but the light show, the huge disco ball, the projections, and the awesome sound system... you truly can't beat it. The club certainly got packed at points during the night, but they have a pretty good crowd management system and I never felt sardined in or squished.   We had a table, and the service was very attentive, friendly and swift. We never felt like we had to look around and hunt for our server, and the bussers did a great job of clearing things out and making sure mixers were replenished. The go-go dancers were beautiful (and diverse), and there was all around a wonderful energy throughout the club.  The music, the design, the scene, the staff... everything worked just perfectly.  Drai's- you've got a winner here.
5 Although I had heard great things about the new Drais, I was still a bit skeptical after spending one too many early mornings at the old after hours Drais.  Yes, they took the look of Surrender, mixed it with the elevated surroundings of Marquee and added a perfect unpretentious vibe.  Most places in Vegas are EITHER/OR.  Yeah, it's nice but the DJ has played EDM with the same beat and two words for three straight hours.  OR yeah, the place is fun but the crowd is scary and I can't find my wallet.  This place has a gorgeous layout, great combo of EDM and hip-hop, and the staff is very helpful.    I can't explain it but everyone seems to lose the arrogance typical of many Vegas spots and just has fun but the place is just as nice as any of the other megaclubs  --yes, that one too.    Highly recommended.
5 This is the most beautiful nightclub I have ever seen. The LED lights are insane and the view is the absolute best view of the strip looking right at the Bellagio fountains.
5 Came here with a Group and.we all love it!!  Large dance floor with patio and pool (which they also allow u to dip ur feet in & dance on a platform that u can easy access to) Great view The DJ Was awesome!  We came on a Saturday night of EDC wkend and it was not crowded. The guestlist was super fast.  we were able to get drinks fast at the bar (which is possible at big clubs)  I definitely recommend this place!!!!!  Definitely beats hakkasan (dont waste ur time here) marquee, Tao,and lavo.. Ive been to pure, voodoo which are okay but they have became my second choice now over drais.
5 I can't even say anything amazing about Drai's that hasn't already been said in the other five star reviews here. Not only was staff friendly and helpful (which is rare at the newest and nicest places), the experience was just wonderful. I have been wanting to visit since seeing the conceptual drawings last year and rarely does a venue really live up to the beauty of those pictures. Drai's looked exactly like what they had designed AND better. We ended up getting invited to a table right behind the DJ booth and the server and hosts were all so nice and constantly checking on us. Even before we were at the table, service was still really great and the bartenders were wonderful. Touche, Drai's. You really are amazing.
4 I can't believe this place is the same place. Their remodeling is amazing! The club is super nice and the out door area reminds me of a mix between surrender and marquee.  The place is a little smaller than the other clubs but they don't pack in as many people so it's comfortable.  I'll def be back for their dayclub
5 The most beautiful club I've ever been to. From the decor to the view, it's a sight to see. Truly amazing.
5 I honestly was shocked that I really enjoyed this place! Came here for my cousins bachelorette party and was like WOW the moment I walked in. The dance floor was a decent sized, I loved the outdoor area.   Wish I had gone here for the day club! The music was really really good that night. It reminded me of XS but it doesn't get overly packed (like Hakkasan where you can't move). You can still dance here! There is enough space too! I like it.
4 First of all, let me just say, wow. As soon as you walk in you get a full view of the entire club from the balcony. It's beautiful!! You can even get a great view out to the rooftop pool. The giant disco ball and LED lights were pretty nice too! Service was good. The waitress brought out everything In a timely manner and was always around to attend. The rush didn't flow in until a little later around 12:30ish. But when around 1 it was filled and the party was great! Music was good, a little mix of everything.   Overall, we had a good experience. Club was very elegant, staff was nice and a mixed crowd. Will definitely come back.
5 Oh my god, is this place beautiful. After coming here for the first time I was sold all ready. From the reception at the door till I left late at night never have I been treated any better. I've been to many Vegas clubs and hands down this is the prettiest club in Vegas. Normally when you go to clubs in Vegas the staff is rude and the night is mediocre. I can honestly say that drais isn't anything like this. I felt welcomed at the door, off course there was a little cue but it's nothing like the other clubs one off the security staff checked in with me twice while in the cue after the little wait we took the elevator to the top floor.   What can I say I was sold the first moment I saw this place. Once you go up the elevator the first view you get is from the back straight out the club, I would describe it but you really have to go there to understand. As we arrived early one of the staff told us to go watch the Bellagio fountains from the outside area. Ow my god it must be the best viewing point to see these. The music was so good all night I don't even remember who was playing.  I would say so much more about this place but I would really suggests you come check out this place.  Hands down my favorite club in Vegas.
5 This really is the most beautiful club in Vegas! I was so impressed with the venue. I love how spacious it is, even though it's packed you can still walk around, dance and breathe lol. On top of that, there isn't one bad table in the entire place. You have to experience it to believe it!
5 This brand new club is amazing!!! The view from the rooftop club beats all other views I've seen in Vegas!! It's classy and fun and the overall look of the club inside and out is phenomenal!!! They have a crazy light show that you just can't get enough of, and the ball that drops down and goes back up throughout the night is captivating! Not to mention the service is amazing!!
4 The most GORGEOUS club in all of Vegas in my opinion  The decor, the people...you'll marvel at ALL the beauty  going on! (or at least applaud the choice of plastic surgeons!!) Aw who cares...it's VEGA$ BABY!!! And this place is a "must see"! (I haven't seen this many gorgeous folk since South Beach!)  (got a line pass because I stayed at the Cromwell. Opt for bottle service at your table (avoid the lines) or try and snag a table poolside...and whatever you do make sure to check out this new spot!
5 This club blows every other club away!  Beyond beautiful!  Once you step off the elevator you are hit with the most incredible view, the club opens to the pool, which overlooks the strip. Breathtaking!  The vibe throughout the night just intensifies with great energy. The leds, the lights,  the dancers,  the dj's... Just AMAZING!  Can't wait to go again
5 Hands down my favorite nightclub in Las vegas. The view is amazing as well as the venue itself. The interior design is beautiful, it was definately not built cheap. They always have different djs but my favorite night is when they have hip hop, although the club really gets jumping with some good edm. The leds and lights are insane.  It's nice that they leave the outside open as well. It's also very spacious for everyone to walk around. I have so much fun Everytime I go. Victor Drai really outdone himself this time.
4 I came here last Saturday July 5th, I walked in and walked out. Don't get me wrong this club is BEAUTIFUL and the layout is cool, I wish the outdoor portion was open (maybe it opened up after I left lol.)  I had no problem getting into this club (thanks to the guest list) and I even got ONE free drink ticket (my pineapple vodka was o.k.)   My problem with this club was the MUSIC! I don't know how the hell people can dance to the same beat that goes on and on (don't get me wrong, I like some EDM/House but I like variety.)  So I finished my drink and left, I gave this place 4 stars because it's a gorgeous venue and people who love dancing to the same beat over and over again would LOVE this place. I'm just not one of them : / but at least I can say I've been here : ).
4 Came here on Sunday night after our dinner at Lavo via a limo and guestlist setup through vegas VIP for Free, which is surprisingly legit and I will review them separately. No problems entering again. We had already experienced the dayclub pool party the day before and had a great time so it was worth checking out the nightclub too. Still as beautiful at night as it is in the day - fresh, clean, open, looking out into the outdoor pool section, open air vegas strip view, just pretty all around. Music was poppin again, great hiphop and top 40's, yet somehow the vibes of the crowd was off, lots of girls, barely any gentlemen, much less hot ones, crowd just wasnt feeling it yet, maybe it was still too early, maybe cause its a Sunday, maybe cause the place is still so new that they're still attracting random crowds, maybe it was the depressing cripple in a wheelchair sitting in the corner... Either way we left and headed over to The Bank as we originally planned, but was still nice to just check the place out while things are still so new, look forward to seeing its night club scene again next year during our annual vegas trip, it will be a lil more established and surely will be a solid party to add to the rotation.
4 I ended coming here two nights in a row bc it was within walking distance to Caesar's Palace, which was nice.  Because my friends knew someone, we got in without paying cover and didn't have to wait in line the first night.  The second night, there was a mix up, so we had to pay $20 but didn't have to wait in line.    The club is really nice with an outdoor area - it's not too big, though.  The outdoor area at XS is a lot larger.  There are places where you can sit outside without buying a table, which is nice.  Drinks are expensive, but normal for a Vegas club - 4 shots and one drink came to $98 w/out tip!    The dancefloor isn't too big but it's at least easy to get to.  There are plenty of restrooms, so we didnt have to wait long.  If only the music was better....they also don't have any well known DJs.  Crowd is mixed, definitely more White than anything with a few sprinklings of Asian.
4 gorgeous venue.. no music variety makes for a wack environment for dancing I love my EDM just as much as the next girl but please mix it up a bit... maybe I came on a off night would definitely give another shot
