5 There are 14 flavors of frozen yogurt or sherbet and about 40 topping options.  Kids approve so we'll be back soon enough.  The staff are really friendly as well.
5 This place has a great atmosphere! The furniture and decorations are super contemporary. They're playing tasteful music, too. The yogurt flavors are delicious! They greet you right when you walk in and instantly offer you a small cup to sample any of the flavors. This is my new favorite frozen yogurt place. :)
5 This is THE place to go for frozen yogurt. The flavors are plentiful and so are the toppings. The employees are upbeat and nice, and the atmosphere is a great place to be. My wife and I have been several times since their opening day and have had different combinations and not a bad one yet! A must-go for Vegas off the strip action!
5 Love this place! Good vibes super friendly employees & great ambiance.  The Greek yogurt frozen yogurt has 7g of protein! Yum!! Perfect post work out snack! Definitely coming back more often!
5 Where do I start... This place has the best frozen yogurt ever! It is in a very convenient location and the inside is bright and fun. Also the toppings were amazing they had flavor combinations I have never seen before! If you want some amazing froyo check it out!
5 Yumz is the perfect reaction of to eating this yummy bowl of yogurt on a hot day.  Love the place, love the set-up and service is friendly.  Their yogurt has good consistency and flavor and offer a nice spectrum of healthy tangy options to decadent sweet ones.  Grab a cup, fill it with flavors that float your boat (my faves are the chocolate and cake batter), place your toppings and give it to the cashier guy.  He weighs it and tells you how much your cup costs.  Enjoy!  P.S. they have a private party room charging $15/person for 3 hours and unlimited yogurt.  Not sure who would throw a yogurt party though!
3 The place is super clean, they have several flavors, and a pretty good selection of toppings. The biggest gripe is the price. Went in, got 2 yogurts, no toppings, each container around half full and it was over $7. The yogurt is good enough but I could of had an entire gallon of ice cream for that price or a few Blizzards at DQ down the street. Hell, I would of been better off renting out the party room and eating 3hrs of yogurt for $15. Ha, I'm funny!
5 Yumz is so clean, and  it has a really bright fun atmosphere when you walk in. The staff is very friendly and offered sampling cups within a minute. There is a nice selection of favors which all looked very yumz to me! I got the cake batter and pink cupcake swirl with a little side if the red velvet! All of which were soooo delish! I didn't get any toppings, however the selection was very good with many choices. I'll definitely return for more goodness!
5 After one visit this is already my new favorite froyo place. We live just down Fort Apache and I've been wanting to check it out ever since I saw it was opening up soon. And having received a 20% off one cup coupon in the mail we finally decided to come. It is indeed very spacious, not just a hole in the wall with froyo dispensers and a few chairs like most other places. I tried the cake batter, cookies n cream, vanilla, and watermelon sorbet. After one spoonful I already could tell the watermelon sorbet was the best I've ever had, and same for the vanilla. Delicious!! The cake batter was ok and the cookies n cream was a little less memorable. I am only sad that there is no mochi much less coconut jelly, but different flavored boba made up for it. The blueberry boba was awesome and there are otherwise a ton of toppings. The servers were also friendly and the owner? manager? gave us 20% off the bill rather just one cup. Sweet! I can't wait to come back for more watermelon and vanilla, and to try out other flavors. Yumz indeed!
5 This is definitely my favorite yogurt place in the valley. Their shop has a nice open and clean layout. They even have a party room for $15/pp where you can eat unlimited froyo for 2 hrs or you can just rent out the party room for $100 up to 2 hours to host those post-season soccer awards and bday parties. You can even bring your own food if you rent out the space. Now the froyo, YUMZ is right! They have 50+ flavors that they rotate out about every two weeks. My favorites so far are white chocolate macadamia, oatmeal cookie, salted caramel, chocolate, strawberry kiwi, and watermelon sorbet. Unlike other froyo places, they have flavors you actually have heard of. Another thing I love is the creamy ice cream consistency with the health benefits of froyo! ZERO fat, gluten-free and they even have greek yogurt options. Can you say probiotics?! Lastly, their toppings bar has endless options. I can never say no to the popping boba and fresh fruit.The owner is always there to greet you and he's so friendly and helpful. Don't forget to sign up for their loyalty program and texting service to get those awesome discounts!
5 Love this place!!!   Very clean && very nice staff, always a variety of yummy flavors and toppings. Not a huge fan of the green chairs but they match the environment :)
