5 This is a newly opened establishment, which occupies where Super Burrito was.  I ordered a Large Bowl of Shrimp Tom Yum to go; this was my experience.  Atmosphere:  Very clean, typical Thai Buddhist interior; clutter free and peaceful.  The smell of fresh cut ginger, lemongrass, and other traditional Thai ingredients permeated the air and made ordering very difficult. I love that their kitchen in small in size; it guarantees your food is cooked to-order and is completely visible to the customer, which I believe builds trust (cleanliness & food handling is top notch!).   Service:  The owner kindly insisted on a glass of water with lime for myself, which she kept refilling until I left.  She chatted with me until my soup was ready for pick-up; she's so sweet.  Food was ready in about 8 minutes or so but I wasn't in a rush.  Food:  I'm actually finishing my huge portion of Shrimp Tom Yum; it's as close to authentic Thai as it gets, or at least since the last time I was in Thailand.  The Shrimp are generous in quantity, high quality (tail left on for flavor), and taste like the sea.  The broth is laced with pieces of ginger, lemongrass, tomatoes, garlic shoots, and quartered mushrooms.  The flavor is citrusy-seafood with a beautiful aftertaste of ginger...I can't get enough.  Price:  My Tom Yum was very affordable when compared to similar Thai Restaurant prices.  For how freshly it was prepared, the freshness and quality of the ingredients, and the service from the owner,  I would gladly come back.  Their menu was loaded full of traditional Thai and American-Thai favorites...can't wait to try more!  I got a delicious Thai Tea; on the house!  The owner is one of the sweetest women I've met; you have to love Thai people.  ***I wish they had a website with a PDF menu option.
5 Well, Kevin A. pretty much summed it up in his review: new, clean, friendly and very good food! I meant to snap pics of my spicy (4/5, so good) basil chicken and whatnot, but I was too hungry. Mango sticky rice was addictive! They have a drive-thru and the menu says they deliver. Since I live really close, I walked and did takeout. Everything was cooked fresh and was ready to go within 10 minutes.
5 Excellent!! The food is fresh and incredibly tasty. They are now in regular lunch rotation at work.
4 Great little place!  Great dishes and they have tofu as a option for all of them. Big thumbs up for me. Staff was very kind.
5 We couldn't read the picture of the menu so we ordered based on what other reviewers ordered.  I'm not sure what the first reviewer meant by prices being "dirt cheap" because I found the prices to be about the same (maybe $1 less on most items), however EVERYTHING was excellent!  We ordered Tom Yum w/shrimp, Pad Pak w/beef, Pad Thai (authentic-finally!!), Garlic Pepper w/Chicken (fantastic), Papaya Salad, and Mango Sticky Rice (so yummy).  I didn't realize the Mango Sticky Rice was a dessert but I'm so glad other people recommended it because it was delicious.  I just ate it for breakfast a few minutes ago.      The Tom Yum with Shrimp was very tasty and was slightly sweet which is different than I've ever had.  My only complaint is that nothing was as spicy as I like.  I ordered everything 4 and 5 out of 5.  Most new places I go to don't make the food as fiery spicy as I like it because they are used to the wimpy people (j/k) who can't handle spicy food.  I'll just let them know I want it like much spicier next time.  The owner IS incredibly sweet and we are looking forward to going back.   They don't have a website so I'll post pictures of their menu that you can hopefully read.  I never take pictures of my food, sorry.
5 Amazing food..we did dine in but they also have drive-thru service available. The staff is super friendly and willing to accommodate any special request.
4 Very good food. The service was spectacular. I had the lunch green curry and my sister had the lunch pad Thai. Both came with salad, egg roll and a rangoon. A lot of food and the pricing is reasonable, cheap actually. 2 lunch specials and a soda came out to be just 16 something. My curry was deliciously but the pad Thai was slightly too sweet tasting to me. Overrall, it as good. Would come again.
5 Great food great service definitely worth a try if you like Thai food! Awesome lunch specials as well!
