1 If I could I would have given it zero stars. We waited in a line for a long time, finally got in and there were more workers than customers. No drinking within 4 feet of the pool. Bartenders not only didn't know how to pour a drink (they put orange juice into a margarita that was premixed) but also there were four of them standing with their backs to the crowd ignoring paying customers. After being in the pool for an hour they asked us to get out to check our bags, even though they had to look in them as we were coming in. Really they couldn't tell us to check our bags as we were going in, but had to kill our fun? It was a terrible experience.
5 I see this place doing well. Nice view. Nice location. Little confusion last night but hey, it was opening night. It was expected.. If you dont understand that, get off yelp. Think before you write. It helps.   Can't get in? Go to the atm or get to know the right people in this city.
5 TOM FORD? HERMES! GUCCI??? DOLCEGABBANA!!!!   OMG this place is so SICK!! My girl went into the restroom and she came out shocked! They had TOM FORD Lipsticks for the ladies "1 of his lipsticks cost $180 dollars" I went into the men's and all I see is the most expensive products I have ever seen....I felt like a million bucks! I wanted to buy some stuff but they were not for sale    I   Wow Drai's-you have blown my mind
5 Went here last night for the Nightclub portion. This place is Wow! Large stage and dance area then rolls out to the pool area and the strip. Several bars located all around made lines almost non-existent. Cocktails ran $16 for vodka/cran and were plenty strong. Jennifer at the back bar was really nice! Plenty of room to walk around, and lots of seating areas. I never felt like I was crowded or the music was too loud...it was just a perfect night. $60 entry fee was a bit high, you can probably get in cheaper but my friend and I just went on a whim after starting out with cocktails at Hyde Bellagio.  Everyone I talked to from the staff letting people in to security to bartenders were really nice and welcoming. I'm very impressed with the transformation of the Cromwell.
5 This place makes surrender look like jonglers. By for one of the best clubs I have ever been to. This is definatly the new hot club in vegas! Will definatly be frequenting this place again in the future!!!
5 I was at Drai's for the grand opening of their pool, it was wonderful! Since it was opening day I didn't want to be down below and part of the crazyness. We had a daybed on the second floor landing. It was circular and had it's own pool. It looked down on the main pool and cabanas and was a perfect vantage point. The bottle service menu pricing was fairly standard but interestingly it had "spray bottle" packages. It's so VEGAS lol. The view of the Bellagio fountains going off while everyone is partying is pretty cool too.  Bottom line: I had an awesome day here with friends and can't wait to go back soon. I love Miami, but where Vegas has Miami beat is in the pool party department. Drai's adds to that advantage.
2 This place has a very nice set up the view is amazing!!! The only bad thing was they DO NOT allow u to drink in the pool or near the pool!!! This SUCKS!!! I've been to several pool parties and have never had this issue before! Overall, I wasn't able to enjoy my drink pool side! I will not being going back to this particular pool party even if it was free unless the drinking rule changes! But this place is very nice!
3 I came here on Memorial Day, the last day of their opening weekend parties. I love that it is on the rooftop of the Cromwell so that you can look out over the strip. The design of the pool and cabanas was very upscale. There are daybeds and tables for sale as well. For every 2 cabanas they have their own private pool. It was fun to go in the smaller pools because they were cleaner than the main pool and it just felt more private. There are 2 main pools with a small walkway in between. The DJs play off to the side in between the 2 pools. In the middle of each pool is a concrete platform, perfect for sitting on or standing up to dance in the water. This club doesn't allow you to take your drinks to the center of the pool.  The nightclub opens up out to the pool but you cannot explore that area if you are there for the daytime pool party. The sound system was very good, with speakers throughout the club. There are at least 2 bar areas; one in the back and one in the front. The day that I went wasn't super packed so we were able to get drinks quickly. 2 mixed shots cost $32. You might as well order a drink in the big sippy cup. I would guess it costs around $40 and has more alcohol in it.  Victor Drai was there on the day that I was and he was making it rain from the upstairs cabanas haha. Overall I did have fun. They have a good lineup of DJs scheduled. I just didn't feel that there was any aspect of it that makes it more special than any other beach club on the strip. But it is worth checking out.
2 Came here for Memorial weekend.  I have to say it's my least favorite pool party in Vegas.  -The two main pool areas are tiny.  There wasn't many people here on a Monday yet we couldn't find a place to sit or put our stuff. -The rules are so strict!  The security pool guy blows his whistle and points at people when they break a rule.  You can't drink in the pool, you can't put your stuff too close to the planter, you can't splash water, etc.  Seriously?  He was blowing his whistle all day.  +Nice view since it's a rooftop pool.  If it wasn't for that I would have given 1 star.
2 Went here during Memorial Day weekend and waited a long time in guest list line, which I expected so I'm not complaining. The venue is nice-looking - very upscale, but it's tiny! Their little "dance floor" area is right in front of the dinky DJ booth, which is located on the way to the bathroom. If you have to pee, you either walk all the way around, or fight through that crowded dance floor of sweaty and wet people. I understand that it was a busy weekend, but even if it wasn't busy, there still isn't much room to move around.  Their floors are super wet too, and they do a horrible job keeping it safe. I saw multiple people slipping and eating shit. They weren't even running. Safety hazard.  They make you check in your bag, and charge you a lot for it. A margarita cost $44, and it wasn't even that strong. Too many rules - no splashing, no bringing drinks into the pool (so if we drink alcohol and get dehydrated, we can't go in the pool unless we finish our drink?) and you can't place your belongings near the plants because it will crush them. They really pay employees to guard their plants and move towels that were touching them.   So while I did have fun because I was with a fun group of people, it was kind of annoying having a guy blow his whistle throughout the entire event. Also, people who went there also seemed a bit more uptight than at other Vegas pool parties. It's definitely more of a tame fashion party where they stand around and look good, unlike EBC where everyone is trying to have a good time dancing it up.
4 First off....why is everyone so upset with their strict rules?!?! It's not even strict to begin with. You want to bring your drink directly in the pool and by 4pm, the pool water is going to be murky like Lake Mead!? No thanks. And besides, YOU CAN SIT BY THE EDGE OF THE POOL, DIP YOUR FEET IN THE POOL AND STILL HAVE YOUR DRINK IN HAND for all your complainers.  Moving on. My party consisted of a total of 5 people. We got a table overlooking the strip, Bellagio fountains, and Caesars Palace. The venue is really nice. There are two main pools, 5 small private pools for bungalow rentals, and 1 small circular pool on the 2nd level.  Music is a hit and miss. I'm not giving a final decision yet because the day club is still new. I'm sure once they hire some big DJs, it'll get the place even more poppin. We were there from 12 noon-6pm. Everyone started partying, dancing and the music improved towards the last 2 hours.
5 Awesome pool! The view is great and very unique, the Bellagio fountains are going off all day yet you almost forget youre in Vegas. The music was really a mix of everything.   The venue is big, you have a lot of places to party so its nice there is something for everyone.A lot of private pools, cabanas, and bungalows. A lot of tables around the bed and daybeds with a view, you really can choose youre experience here. The menu is just as diverse, my favorite was the champagne spray packages!     Its worth the trip to the top on your next trip to Vegas.
5 The view is incredible and so is the scene, great musical and beautiful people . Booking all my pool events here in the future. They treat their customers with respect unlike other beach clubs in Vegas. Can't wait to party here again.
2 Love the location and the layout is pretty cool. Please get some real DJs and real music. Both nights when I went there, people were not vining with the music at all. They play a mixed bag of commercial hits with all the songs you hear on the radio. Its very obvious they are already having issues because it was 3PM and the outdoor patio was a ghost town with empty cabanas and tables. This is Drais, it should be going off at 3PM. We left and went to both Marquis that night and Crazy Horse 3 and both were packed. They are going to have to figure something out.
2 The beach club is tiny, no splashing rule, cant bring drinks into the pool. The dance floor is small too. The security is always blowing their whistle. It is pretty much a smaller version of EBC. We came to get ugly bc we were all born to rage but felt restricted.
3 I'm not a beachclub/dayclub/ultraclub fan per se, But I do partake when invited to events such as VEGAS magazine's 11th Anniversary party here. Not as massive as Marquee and no self park at Cromwell.  The venue is top notch with beautiful pools, trees, cabanas, lounges, etc. The nightclub portion is next to the beachclub and the decor was impressive & upscale.  We were served complimentary Ciroc drinks (4 choices) and most were pretty good. I thought we'd be booted when paying customers arrived but nope. Service was fine overall and we enjoyed the Strip view.
2 Great views...Terrible service  A group of us decided to try this place out for my 40th Birthday. As we all work in the LV Entertainment industry, a Tuesday suited everyone perfectly.   Booked a Bungalow with a private plunge pool, nice and private and is a nice touch by drai's.   We knew there was a 500$ minimum spend, plus tax and auto gray, not a problem.   We ordered food and drink all during the day and a few of my guests popped in to say hello and took car of their own spend. Now as this was a tuesday and not busy, this really shouldn't have been an issue.  The Drinks are very expensive... Sports cup with an alcoholic cocktail was 40$ plus tax and tip, a Pitcher of White Sangria was a ridiculous 100$ plus tax and tip.... 5 plastic glasses worth... ouch   Anyway, as it was a special occasion, we had a great time regardless...   The problem was in the service. When we first arrived we were introduced to a nice girl that started our order. Then she intro'ed another girl (Jacquline) and said that she would be helping out.... Now Im not sure whether the first girl got cut due to it being quiet, but Jacquline became our only server.   She had a bad attitude all day long, everything was too much for her. Hardly ever smiled, nor got friendly with our group.   At the end of the day, I asked for a final check. It arrived and my friend paid a little cash and I agreed to pay the out standing balance.   I went over to the bar area, waited to pay and a new check arrived, more than the final check!! I queried it with the delightful Jacquline, who of course got uber defensive, then needed to get a manager involved.   Anyway, it was finally resolved...all without a manager showing their face,,,hmm. and paid the outstanding balance of the original final check.   Paid the 20% auto grat and she never even said thank you, have a great birthday...   Now, I know that larger groups can sometimes be problematic, but we were possibly the most sober, respectful group that they will have in there. None of us really drink as most of the group were performers and had shows that night,,,,   Its a nice place, outstanding views, VERY overpriced drinks, but the thing that will stick out in 15 peoples mind was the bad service from a Server with a bad attitude.
5 This pool is absolutely breathtaking! It's a little crowded, but they have Tom Ford cologne in the freaking bathroom! I mean, COME ON. The view is also nothing short of amazing!
3 Surprisingly underwhelming. For what is allegedly Victor Drai's pet project, I thought there would be more pizzazz, or at least some elements that make this Dayclub unique from Marquee, Encore or any of the other spots to play on weekends. With an unfettered commitment to the color white, this rooftop pool (don't get excited - it's only the 9th floor) is scathingly bright and lacks shade. . .and surprisingly cabanas. There are a few spots to reserve but they're decidedly removed from the pool (unlike at the Marquee, where the cabanas are literally in the pool) which essentially separates your group from the party - kind of a weird aspect for your big spenders to acclimate in that regard. There is a second floor with sofas, but again - why do I want to party away from the pool at a Dayclub? Just a weird layout, and with the subpar DJ's spinning 'the hits' (in lieu of more pointed genre-specific music), it really left a dry taste in our mouths, which we later quenched at Marquee and Encore.   Also important to note the pools are rather small - which is understandable since it is on a rooftop - but leaves a lack of room for dancing. They try to make up for it with a makeshift 20x20 area in front of the DJ booth, but it's completely shade-free and becomes obnoxious after more than 15 minutes.
5 Checked out Drais MDW weekend with help from my host Ashley Ambrose. Walked right in with my party of 5 and had a great time.  The views were spectacular but the drinks were a little too expensive but I guess that's Vegas...  Can't wait to go out EDC weekend and checkout Eric Prydz
5 new NEW fave FAVE --- think XS, Surrender/Encore Beach CLub, Marquee IN ONE :):):)  when I first heard they were re-doing/renovating Drais, I thought - GROSS!  I've never been a fan of the original (afterhours) Drais so, I just thought this would be as seedy as the original. BOY WAS I WRONG.  Went to the opening night and it was plainly IN-SANE. Lines were non-existent, hosts seemed unprepared, and the hotel itself didn't know what was going on lol  So, I went a few days later during Memorial Day weekend, after the UFC fight I attended. Needless to say it was a sh*tsh*w all over the strip and at Cromwell valet but, thankfully a friend had a Drais cabana so, it was easier to get in.  Once we entered it was a beaut! As luxe as XS, with Encore Beach Club type cabanas and palm trees, and a WAY better view than the rooftop of Marquee.  BEST OF THREE WORLDS!!!!!!!!!  Music is more my scene and not too much EDM so, something I like to dance to. They had fireworks on the rooftop right above us which was quite spectacular...or maybe, I was just drunk...idk lol  Only been to the nightclub but, I'd love to do dayclub. And because Victor Drai did this club amazingly, I'd like to check out afterhours, as well.  This is next level Vegas -- basically, 24 hour club! ONLY IN VEGAS, BABY =)
2 You gotta read up on this place before you go. I've been to a few day clubs and none of them are as complicated as this!! It took at least fifteen mins from the check in counter to the actual pool.. There are two other check-in's after! First was to get in, second is to check what's in your bag (they threw my gf's new pack of gum!!!), third is to check your bag IN bc you're not allowed to take beach bags out there.. AND they charge you $10 to check your bag in!! It would've been nice if this was noted or mentioned that at the entrance to avoid going all the way back down the elevator, across the casino, and back to the garage. You gotta get through this headache before you can actually chill here. Honestly not sure if we'll be coming back when there are better beach club options without the hassle.
4 They have a couple of different check- in areas before getting into the beach club itself, so be prepared to get thoroughly checked ! They will make you finish your drinks and toss out or put away a bunch of stuff that you are not allow to bring in! I highly suggest your bring just yourself and keep your money in a fanny pack or something because having a purse really deters the getting in process.  It def is super fun and wild ,with one main pool in the middle and a bunch of side personal pool per table.   it was easy peasy getting in, for us girls but it did look hard for the rest if you don't have a table ..heard it was at least a 1k to just get an area to sit!
5 Drai's WoOoOoW!!! where do I begin?!?!? I was so excited to check it out Memorial Day weekend and let me tell you the club did not disappoint whatsoever. From there lavish pools, to the fully equipped cabanas to the amazing indoor/ outdoor dance floors, it was definitely top notch. Very inviting atmosphere with extremely attentive staff. Especially my host Jeanna lee. She started by giving me a tour of this incredible club and made sure I was happy with my table and table location. I definitely got my money's worth and enjoyed myself on every level. The music was phenomenal with an incredible sound system and the feel of partying on rooftop with a view. It's something you must see! If you're in Vegas and looking for that Ultimate experience I'm telling you this is the place to be.
5 Best pool party in Las Vegas. It's on the roof of the Cromwell and has the most beautiful views of the strip I've seen. With giant palm trees, 2 pools and cabanas with private hottubs, private bathrooms and your own giant flat screen, I don't think this dayclub can be beat. Two thumbs up.
5 You can't beat the view from the rooftop! Day or night, nothing compares. The cocktail servers are all beautiful girls but give excellent guest service and everything that's served is top quality.   I normally go there at night because I love the inspirational lights from the strip and of it still feel like partying I can head downstairs to Drais afterhours till the sun comes up. Eek! So fun!
5 Finally!!! Drai's Beach Club is what Vegas has been waiting for. A beautiful new venue with great DJ's, amazing views, impeccable service and so much more! The bungalows downstairs have private pools that you split with your next door neighbor and some of the cabanas have their own private showers and bathrooms.  What I also really love about this place is the crowd. Upscale, but there to have fun. Great vibes! It was busy there, but the way that it's layed out, it's never too crowded where you feel like you're getting pushed around. Definitely recommended to anyone who wants to get the real vegas pool party experience- done the right way!
5 Man where do I start with this venue! The VIEW! Drais beach club over looks the beautiful Bellagio fountains and south side of the Las Vegas strip. It features 2 large pools with upstairs & downstairs cabanas. This club gives you a very sexy sophisticated feel from the staff & decor. The dj's could be better but venue it self represents a 5star party atmosphere! Definitely recommend reaching out to promoter for entry because the front food can be a bit of a jam some times but all in all this is rated as one if the top day clubs in Vegas.
5 I went to Drai's Beachclub with a few of my girls on a Saturday when Blau had a DJ set and the party was awesome! There was a dance floor area right in front of the DJ booth for people who wanted to get up close to the action and for those of us who didn't have a table. We lucked out and happened to join a bachelor party and partied with them at one of the bungalows with a private pool for the day!! For next time I would highly recommend getting a daybed or table so you have someplace to call home base as the club is best enjoyed with bottle service as most Vegas clubs are!  The cocktail waitress serving the bungalow was really sweet to us and even brought me a band-aid for my feet when she noticed me trying to fix my shoes.   I had a really yummy cocktail that you can buy by the pitcher- the "Drai's Lemonade" a vodka, strawberry and lemonade drink that I highly recommend!  The club is beautiful and has the most amazing views of the Las Vegas strip! Def a place to take pictures with your friends! I will def come back and party at Drai's again!
5 I went to the grand opening of Drai's Beach Club on Memorial Day weekend. I normally get a cabana at Encore Beach Club when I come to Vegas, but wanted to check out the newest addition to pool parties. It completely surpassed my expectation. Victor definitely knows how to build a beautiful venue. There are 9 bungalows that have access to their own private pools, unlike EBC which only has 4. My bungalow was spacious & kept clean the entire day thanks to awesome bussers. Security also did a good job at maintaing crowd control. Can't make a review without mentioning the amazing view. You can literally see up & down the entire Vegas strip, with the Bellagio fountains & Caesar palace directly across the street.   DJ played a great set, a combination of house & hip-hop, which is refreshing from hearing the same house beats over & over again. Gia, our server, had energetic personality & outstanding service. All of my friends had a lot of fun and can't wait to go back. Drai's Beach Club is a must for those wanting an unforgettable time on the rooftop of Las Vegas.
5 Overall great experience. Can't wait to go back. Here are some points...  Good: Gorgeous property Lots of pool space Amazing view of strip Good food/drinks Cabana servers were really attentive Lots of cabanas, day beds Bungalow cabanas have private infinity edge pool   Bad: Cabanas didn't have a safe  Bungalow cabana infinity edge pools are shared between 2 cabanas (luckily we had it all to ourselves) Seemed a little disorganized a times (cabana check-in); but probably due to being so new
5 Went to Drai's Beach Club last week during the day and had a great time. The new rooftop pool is amazing. You have a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip.  On that day it was extremely windy but the way the level is constructed the pool is shielded from wind so it was perfect!  If I would have gone to any other strip pool that day the wind may have been able to ruin it.  Drinks are average strip prices but are tasty and aren't unnecessarily light on liquor. All in all I'd go back again. I had a great time in a clean place with good drinks!
5 If you want the best of the best,. Let me tell u... DRAIS beachclub has it all!! Best bee, best cocktails, best service and the hottest waitresses in vegas!!! We had such an amazing time last week and can't wait to go back... In fact we already booked out next visit!!! Thank you to everyone who made how trip so enjoyable. I recommend the drais lemonade. .... So refreshing and tastey!! Don't forget sunblock and lots of water!!!
5 Awesome venue, staff, experience!  I'll be back very soon!
5 I was amazed when I stepped into the new Drais Day Club.  Beautiful from top to bottom with a class unlike most of the other day clubs. Drais spared no expensive to make the best club in Vegas. Our host Jeanna Lee tended to every need and made the true Vegas experience.
4 Truly a beautiful, beautiful venue for a pool party.  I was here during EDC weekend, so it was an expected madhouse, with all of the entry headaches and lines and annoyances, reservation or not, but once you enter... All you can say is wow!   The rooftop location, the color scheme, the trees, stairs, cabanas everything about the layout is pretty fantastic. The pool itself also looked great (from a distance, I didn't get in the water), and I appreciated that it was multi-level.   On the downside, the service at our table was slow to nonexistent, and the drinks at the bar were probably among the most expensive of any pool/dayclub I've attended. It is the hot, happening new place, so I guess I understand the prices. The cleaning staff worked overtime, however. I saw them constantly picking things up and trying to keep things looking tidy. They weren't always successful (the floor alternated between sticky and slippery), but they did bust their as*es trying.  One other touch that I found pretty amazing was the individual restrooms! I wish more places adopted this concept. Despite the large crowds, they were very clean. There are few things that I despise more than disgusting public restrooms, so this went a LONG way with me.   I'm interested in seeing how this pool evolves once the "new car smell" is gone and the hype has died down a little bit. But for now, I'll take it!
5 Came again this weekend. Gia was our server again and was outstanding as always. Highly recommend this scene vs many of the other pool parties in Vegas.
5 A new must on your next Vegas trip! We hit up Drais this weekend on a trip to Vegas it was my bestie's 30th bday and we wanted to have an all girls fabulous time!  Drais totally made that happen!  The atmosphere is fantastic overlooking the strip, there really is no other pool party like it and it is  so pretty! They also have a great menu with everything from yummy fries to fantastic salads and tuna tartare if you're trying to maintain that bikini bod while in Vegas.  Try a pitcher of the Drais lemonade to help stay cool on those hot Vegas days!  The table we were set up at was the best one there in my opinion, right next to the Dj booth and central to the party so you're right in the middle of it but private enough to not be bothered if you don't want to be.  The Dj sets were all sick.  All the cocktail waitresses are super hot and really cool too, we found ourselves asking them how the hell they all have such insane abs haha! On top of that that they were super attentive and sweet.  So overall the service was outstanding.  After a couple bottles and too much tequila and dancing I must say Drais was the highlight of our vegas weekend! Definitely check it out! Tip.....arrange for a car service ahead of time, you will thank me later
5 I am completely blown away by this club! I have never been to anything like it. They have fireworks on the roof. It's insane.
3 I had a really great time at Drai's Beach Club! It reminds me of Encore Beach Club but smaller.  It is, however, much larger than the cramped Marquee Dayclub.  The music and crowd was good when I went (Eric Prydz that day).    The staff (especially the asian men downstairs) were pretty rude..yelling at people as if they were a bunch of cattle.  I wouldn't normally let people talk to me that way, except this seems to be a common occurrence for bouncers/promoters.  I really wonder if they speak to people the way they did to me outside of their job.  I would've slapped them in the face if we had been outside of that setting.  I'm sure they will eventually have to get a grown up job and realize that its unacceptable to treat anyone so rudely. Maybe I've been an attorney for too long....    Get tix ahead of time.  I think my boyfriend's presale ticket was $40.  His friends tried to get in the day of and they demanded $300. Absolutely ridiculous as they probably pocket most of it...but it's expected of those bouncers I suppose.
4 Pretty awesome pool. Really pretty and best part is it's on the roof top so it has an amazing view of the Strip and Bellagio water show! We got a cabana and they are pretty roomy. We even had our own private bathroom/shower. Staff was nice and waitress was hot :) Overall, we had fun and a great experience. Can't wait to come back before summer is over.
5 Out of all the beach clubs I've gone to here in Vegas, this is probably my favorite..what beats a rooftop beach club? The venue and the view is amazing!
3 We checked out this day club on a Saturday after. It was very busy but it was definitely worth it. Of course, everyone who went was on a good level of intoxication.   The music is good, the pool is nice and warm. Unfortunately ordering a drink takes a while since the bar is so ridiculously busy. Forget about sitting at one of the nice seatings. But why sit, when you can be dancing in the pool?   If you have never gone to a Day Beach club, this is definitely one to go to. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
5 Just came back from Drais beach club today, is this the place to be or what had such a great day by the pool. This place reminds me of Ibiza. I felt like I was in paradise all day. Unlike the other beach clubs in vegas this place actually has amazing views and is not pushed away in a corner like any of the other ones.    The music was good all day but isn't overpowering so you can't talk to the people your with or meet. Really enjoyed this place, vegas was a holiday but this really took my trip to the next level had the best time ever.  Would really recommend everyone to visit this place the Bellagio fountains look incredible from the pool deck. It's really a party in the center of las vegas.  Can't wait to go back there.
5 Went here on Saturday the 6/28/14 . There were no big DJs or special guests but Dayum! This place is crackin! red bill vodkas, pools, people having a great time. Everyone was in a good mood. Seriously could not have had more fun in one day. Will be returning for sure. A must visit place if you visit Las Vegas. If your a large group of dudes, get a VIP host to walk you in. Well worth $$$ spent.
5 My new favorite party pool! It has the best view of the strip and is perfect for soaking up the vitamin D. The Drai's lemonade was my favorite cocktail and the food was delicious. Definitely better than your average party pool. The DJ was awesome, bottles were popping & people were dancing in the pool! Such a great atmosphere and everyone was having fun.   With party pools popping up everywhere these days,  Drai's is hands down the place to be.
5 I've found the most beautiful rooftop beach club and nightclub in Las Vegas!! As soon as you walk into the venue you are slapped in the face with such a beautiful view, unlike anything else on the strip. Everyone stops for a photo before carrying on to the bar! The specialty cocktails are delicious but a little $$ but come on it's Vegas!! The staff is very helpful and always providing excellent attention to detail and great service.  Going back to the view, it's seriously breath taking! I went to up to Drais rooftop to watch the fireworks on July 4th.. And I was in aw! Drais has definitely taking your way of partying to a whole other level! It's true what they say.. "It's better on top"  If your in vegas.... DRAIS should be number 1 on your list!!  Enjoy!
5 Came here on the Saturday of 4th of July weekend, got here early before 12, me and my girls were on a guestlist, we received entry and towel tickets, there was no hassle in entering, no sass or rudeness from the staff or bouncers both outside and inside. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. Quite a relief after dealing with the high volume of douche baggery (marquee) and unbelievable ratchetry (rehab) from certain establishments and their staffs... Yes, as everyone has said, the place is bright, clean, and beautiful. Very pretty. we had a breakfast pizza there ($21), yummy, perfect way to start the day, nice and light when shared with 2 ppl, and it was nice enjoying the place to ourselves for a bit before it got packed. Music was great, the whole morning they did top 40s and hip hop, really fun but chill, then as the afternoon came the volume got higher and they started switching between EDM and hiphop sets every 10/15 minutes. As usual, the hiphop sets got more live. By the late afternoon they switched DJs to some girl and she was only playing EDM, we left by then. Good crowd, young, fun, random, everyone wanted to party and have a good time, no sour folk. They love hitting those inflatable beach balls around and the crowd goes wild for twerking ass*ets ;-) at some point the doors between the outdoor and indoor section opened and the huge screens inside were playing the worldcup. Looked cool. Drinks are expensive, but whatever, its Vegas, get with it. (That big "drais" guzzler in everyones picture is $40 for example.) Not much places to rest your stuff if you dont get a table, most have to just rest their stuff by the pool ledge tucked in towels and just hope it doesnt get wet. The server girls are GOOOOORRGEOUS, oh my god. They make the staff at Marquee and Encore look like trolls. Im totally hetero but these chicks were HOT. Toned, tanned, flawless makeup, perfect long bodies wowsers, really good job choosing the staff all around. Lets hope it stays that way. I have a review for the Drais nightclub up next!
4 Drai's Beach Club is located at the Cromwell Hotel. This place isn't too big, but it has a nice view of Vegas and a decent line up of talented DJs. We got a table and the service was excellent. My one gripe about this place is that the floor is slippery! They don't have any of the black grip on the floor anywhere except the stairs. This one girl slipped right in front of us and started bleeding. Not long after as I'm walking towards the pool area I slipped as well (Not because I was too drunk). Thankfully I landed on my ass, which has plenty of cushion to lessen the impact. So be careful as you walk around the place.
4 If your young & single & ready to mingle then this place is off the hook. If your old & fat you better stay back.
4 Drai's Beach Club is gorgeous!! The view from the deck is stunning and if you get a Daybed you've got the perfect people and city watching spot!! I went on a Sat and it was packed!! The vibe was fun and people were dancing in the pool and on the deck! Drinks are a tad expensive but all Vegas clubs charge that. I recommend getting a Daybed or table there as there is no where to set your things otherwise. They do have locker check ins but it's more of a coat check.  I would def order pitchers or huge "Drai's Cups" of a beverage as it's more bang for your buck!! Try the pineapple mojito! It's amazing!!
