4 Excellent pollo asado street tacos. And the rice pudding is delicious.  I will definitely be back to try their many different salsas.
5 Have to say I was impressed.  Went for Happy Hour and had a couple of street tacos.  Great Value and realy delicious.  This place gives off a vibe of welcome and comfort.  A place to hang out with some friends on a Saturday afternoon.  I will be going back to try their regular tacos and salsas very soon.
5 Great new place, with a relaxed atmosphere and a bit trendy ;) love the Baja shrimp gourmet tacos and the salsas are fab!
4 Stopped in for happy hour the other day to try the latest edition to the street taco crazy taking over Phoenix.  The place is small but well decorated and cozy and I loved the lighting at the bar.   We split the street tacos which were only $1.50 during happy hour! What really set them a part were all the sala choices. I picked 6, my favorites were the roasted corn, chipotle and avacado crema. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of them on the menu. The coronas were still around 5 bucks on happy hour which was pretty high, but they did have house margaritas and wines for $5.  I will be back
5 Been here three times since it opened and loving it. The salsas add a lot of variety to the flavors and textures of the food. Will definitely come back and recommend to friends!
4 This little taco place is legit! Last night my hubby and I got the keys to our new house in Madison Manor, and were thrilled to see Urban Taco had opened right at the end of our street. I had high hopes for this place because who doesn't want access to awesome Mexican food just a block away from home? Well folks, I am pleased to report it was incredibly delicious! We started with a tasting flight of 5 salsas, and that honestly could've been my whole meal right there. Chips and salsa are where my judgment of a Mexican restaurant lies, and all of the ones we sampled were great. The variety of flavors they've created are sure to please most everyone's palate. For the meal I tried the costilla short rib taco and the Baja shrimp taco, which were delightful. Hubs had both of their pork offerings and they were thoroughly enjoyed as well. They have a nice little bar with a selection of wine and beer that includes a few craft brews (which hopefully they will expand more as the business grows). There's also a selection of specialty mixed drinks for those of you looking for an extra kick in the pants. During our dinner last night, the owner himself welcomed us to the neighborhood, so come on out CenPho and welcome him too!
5 Loved this place! First impression -  AWESOME. I love hand crafted, rusty, eclectic stuff and this place has just the right amount.  The owner was really nice and made a some of the stuff himself like a old drafting table into a dining table.     Then the margarita came - pretty decent! Waitress was really attentive. But the food - Salsa sampler was amazing and the Urban Street Taco's were great. I had the short rib, braised pork and octopus asada. The pork was the best and the octopus was a nice spin on street tacos but I'd probably do all pork the next time.   Really enjoyed everything and the price was right on a saturday afternoon outting with the girls after a fun day Vintage shopping on Cave Creek Road in Phoenix. So glad my friend Christina suggested it!
4 I had the green chile burrito and a margarita...it was delicious! My go to place has normally been Los Taquitos but I think this is my new one :) The owners were attentive and the atmosphere was great. I will be back.
3 Was so excited to have a gourmet taco shop within walking distance! Stopped by today to pick up take out and try it out.  Mmmmmm .... mixed reviews. It's very cute inside. The menu isn't as interesting or "gourmet" as I was expecting. And it's expensive for what it is. $5.75 for a bottle of Kiltlifter is a lot. Tacos were $2.50 for street and $4.75 for gourmet. Ouch! I had two short rib street and one braised pork street taco. Liked the poblano strips, but it lacked little flavor without the salsa. The selection and tastes are much better at Taco Guild if you are seeking gourmet. May try it again, but definitely on HH when the street tacos are $1.50 and beer a dollar cheaper.
4 Pros  - nice ambiance  - delicious tacos, we all liked the chicken ones the most.  - good salsa  Con - only 1 waitress
5 Decided to try this place as previous reviewers were quite pleased with the food here. It was a very smart choice as both the food and the service were excellent. As happy hour lasts from 4 to 7, most diners will have the opportunity to save a few bucks and enjoy a house margarita or a beer as well as some chips and salsa. The chips come with 3 or 5 different salsas which are all fresh and tasty. The burritos and tacos have great flavor and will definitely appease most hearty appetites. Overall an exceptional dining experience. Highly recommended.
5 WOW.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant, but boy is it good.  Urban Taco has an upscale feel while still remaining very friendly and welcoming.  Definitely stop by from 4-7 pm for cheap margaritas and $1 off "street" tacos.  I sampled two tacos off the gourmet tacos menu.  The Costilla short rib taco was exquisitely tender and delicious, but my favorite taco was the Baja Shrimp taco, which was filled with plump shrimp.  I think Urban Taco's secret may lie in the spices and salsas.  We tried the pico de gallo, cucumber (ended up being one of my favorites, what a surprise!), avocado and garlic crema, chipotle (lots of spice but great flavor!), roasted corn and garlic crema (sweet and unexpectedly delicious on the chips), and chimichurri (fresh and herbal, my other favorite of the night).  I would have been satisfied with a basket of chips, a margarita or two, and a selection of the diverse yet delicious salsas; the amazing tacos were just the cherry on top.  Great meal, great service, and all for a great price.  I'll be back!
5 What? Who would give Urban Taco 3 stars after trying the octopus tacos?  If you like tacos and a relaxed vibe, but especially salsa, check Urban Taco out. Much more than expected. And they have good beer too.
3 Their tacos are really outstanding but their wine list and margaritas not plentiful or that good. However nice environment and their 5 different salsas w chips--wonderful.
5 Food is excellent, as is the drinks and service. We has a wonderful evening sampling a variety of street tacos and salsa. We plan to return soon for another lovely evening. I highly recommend this place!
4 Our first visit was a couple of weeks ago. My boyfriend is quite picky when it comes to food and I am always on the hunt for a great street taco. We both enjoyed the Urban Street Tacos. We tried one of each (made our own sample plate) My boyfriends favorite was the octopus asada, mine was the braised pork. We enjoyed the warm, salty chips after our tacos to finish the awesome salsas we tried. All were great! Margarita were a little weak, but that is an easy fix. ;-) We will be back!
5 It was my second time to visit tonight.  Great service.  Very pleasant atmosphere.  I ordered the chopped salad.  The best salad in town!  It is interesting and more than just a pile of lettuce.  I love the variety of salsas too.  Great flavors.  Very interesting choices.  Fresh and reasonable.  I love that it is a neighborhood restaurant that offers excellent food and wonderful service.  Love it!
4 This place is not your average Mexican restaurant. The place has a collection of different furniture the menu is simple and the food is first rate. i like the different salsa's that you can order. The staff needs a little training on customer service, a little disorganized, but not enough to keep us from going back. This is a great addition to our neighborhood
4 This is a good solid addition to the 16th street corridor, though it enjoys a less than fortunate location in the strip mall where the infamously ghetto-fabulous 16th street sports bar used to be.   it has a fun cheerful atmosphere and the bar is a great place to park, have a few drinks and some food. Their Happy Hour goes 'til 7 which is awesome and you can enjoy $5 beers and $1 off chips and salsa. I started out with chips and guac which did not disappoint-fresh and delicious.  I took the two taco plate which consisted of a short rib taco, and octopus taco and a side of rice and beans. The tacos were flavorful and good sized. The short rib was good but I expected a little more from the octopus taco-perhaps more meat or less marinating and other ingredients because I really couldn't taste it. It was not bad, don't get me wrong but I love octopus and was REALLY looking forward to this and it didn't quite deliver.  Their salsas are great. The chipotle salsa is really good but the kick sneaks up on you. My taste buds were toasty even when I was driving home.This was only my first visit so I'm eager to come back and try more tacos.  They have a small but solid selection of wine, your requisite Corona and Dos Equis and some tasty looking hand-crafted cocktails.The service is friendly and the crowd that was in were all lively and fun. My underwhelming octopus taco not withstanding, I still recommend stopping in and giving them a try.
1 Wanted to like this joint...yelp reviewers were positive...but sheesh, cannot recommend anything.  Service was awful & taco corn tortillas were hard & brittle.  Fillings were below par too.
5 First visit was awesome!  Chips and three types of salsa and all three were delicious. Had the pollo asado tacos which were moist and tender.  The owner came out to check on the meal which is always nice I think to have a connection with a local restaurant owner.  The ambiance was very casual and the music was great too.  Definitely returning with more friends!!
