3 We live next door so we were really looking forward to their opening.  My girlfriend and I went tonight and were slightly disappointed.  Keep in mind you get exactly what you pay for and they did just open.  Here were the two things that stuck out from my first visit:  1. TOPPINGS:  Very clearly pre-canned, pre-cut everything.  My girlfriend got the chicken pesto and the meat looked like it came out of a bag of the pre-cut chicken you'd get from Costco.  She added kalamata olives and they were salty to the point where she took them off (keep in mind she loves kalamata olives). I got a hawaiian pizza and the same could be said for the pineapple and other toppings.  It's hard to gripe when you're paying so little but there is something to be said about a pizzeria that actually does REAL food prep.  I highly recommend that they ditch the pre-fab meat/veggies even if it drives the price up a few bucks because as of now everything tastes very mediocre.   2. SODA MACHINE:  They have one of those touch screen machines that has multiple flavors that come out of one place.  I'm not a fan of these in general and when we were waiting for our food, we watched a boy proceed to try a flavor, dump it, and mash the screen with his hands to choose another flavor, about 5 times.  It did not help our appetite at all.  Thankfully we had beers.  The staff was very friendly, the restaurant was clean and overall I like what they have done, that being said Pizza Me! needs to do something to separate themselves from their competitors.  We will definitely be back, just hope to see things improve.
5 I have been to Pizza Me a couple of times since they have opened. Really like the concept. All Pizzas are the same price and you get to choose what toppings you want.   Pizza crust is thin with an excellent taste. The gluten free crust was also excellent.   Cost was very reasonable for what you get. I have recommended to several friends and family and will be back for sure.   Wicked Good.
5 The Crust, the crust, the crust. This is some great Pizza, and very wallet friendly. Only a few Beer Choices, but what they have works great with Pizza (or salad , for you health peeps) My Favorite is the Greenhouse Pizza ADD CHICKEN, ADD BACON--BOOM!
3 Why can't pizza joints offer pizza by the slice?  Who wants a whole pizza - even if it's not that big -  when they're eating by themselves?  This is a cool-looking place with a friendly staff, but in terms of pizza, aside from the "no slices" thing,  I think the crust is too thin (but then I prefer thick crust - the thicker the better).  Also, it seems  my request for "extra pepperoni" fell on deaf ears.   All in all though, the pizza tasted pretty yummy.
3 OK, cheap pizza, but nothing special. I was encouraged when I walked in, but the bland pizza and very mediocre service probably won't have us going back. We ordered 5 pizzas and they yelled out our name over about 10 minutes. Would be nice to have everyone eat at once...that's not "wicked fast" IMO. Lots if work to do to rival Sauce.
5 I've been waiting for Pizza Me to open. This place if aweome!!! What a great concept!! A wood-fired pizza with whatever topping you want for a little over $7.00?? Delicious thin crust, and the toppings are fantastic. A note to the Jordan, in a previous review. That's a really lousy thing to say about the place. I'd like to know where you go for pizza where every ingredient is prepped as each pizza is made. Maybe if you want to pay 2X the price. And "no" I wouldn't want to pay extra for them to do things differently. You need to go to a high end pizza restaurant if you want that. The restaurant is sparking  clean, and the employees are friendly. I LOVE Pizza Me and I will be back again and again.
5 I was so happy to find out that a quality pizza restaurant was opening up right by where I lived! The inside is very large, clean, and bright (a huge change from the small run-down liquor store that was there before). They also have a decent sized patio with misters. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door. For less than $8 you can create your own pizza with as many toppings as you want! Yes, as many as you want! Most places I've been to charge you for every topping you want which can get pricey. They also have some signature pizzas already created if you're not creative. The crust is great, thin and crispy.  I loved the Coke fountain machine too. The drink seemed a little pricey for the small cup, but that's just a minor complaint. My favorite combination was Orange Sprite with Vanilla Sprite.  I'll definitely be back the next time I want a quick and delicious meal. Now if only they had chicken wings...
5 I love this place! I'd given up on pizza due to the carbs and calories, but at Pizza Me I was able to build a great thin crust low calorie, low fat pizza from their long list if ingredients.  Service was super fast and everyone was nice. Think of a Chipotle for pizza and you get the idea. Definitely worth coming back.
5 THIN THIN THIN crust here, yummy and perfectly cooked! They have a MINI pizza which is perfect for smaller appetites. Not a chain, so give it a try even if you have had others. Great sauce, not too overly seasoned.
4 Really happy to see a decent and unique food choice come to our neighborhood!  I love pizza and always have.  I have a recent Celiac diagnosis and have been trying gluten free pizza to find good ones.  Pizza Me! has one of the best gluten free crusts in the state!  No kidding - it doesn't have that artificial taste or off-putting texture like I've found in so many others.  The pizza is a fresh and light style that is a nice change of pace.  My husband has liked all that he has tried (he does the traditional crust) and also loves the fact the the place carries Devil's Ale in cans!  We've never eaten in - we are waiting until the weather turns nicer and we'll enjoy the patio - and carryout is quick and easy!  We have already been a few times and will continue to go.  The staff is always nice and inviting and we've met the owner, Earl.  The restaurant is very clean.
5 After arriving back at my office down the street from this gem, only to notice my leftover pizza from lunch (from a competitor that shall remain nameless) had been STOLEN out of the work fridge (leftover thieves are literally the scum of the Earth) by a colleague of mine. I decided I was on a mission to ignore my cholesterol and live my dream of having pizza for lunch followed by pizza for dinner! Well, thank Italian Jesus for this glorious culinary masterpiece! Fast casual Pizza? Are you kidding me?! The obvious comparison is Chipotle, it even has similar decor, but if that's who you're being compared to in the food industry, you're doing something right! Let me tell you, this place is. I will DEFINITELY be back and more then likely end up opening the eyes of the pizza thief on my team at work, to the fact that without driving far, and paying a lot,  pizza can be in your belly AND you'll be able to sleep at night knowing it was attained the way it's supposed to be....by paying for it :)
1 I went here a few nights ago for the first time, and I must say it will be the last time. The restaurant reminded me of Sauce, but the quality of the pizza and ingredients left much to be desired.   Pizza Me! offers unlimited toppings, which sounds good on the surface, but I found the ones I got to be lacking in taste. The pizza itself has an ultra thin crust that tasted more like cardboard than pizza. It had a bit of an aftertaste too, and I felt the need to have something else to get rid of it.  The dining area had issues too. The sun hits this place without anything to block it, so it is difficult to find a table where you are not somewhat bothered by it. The floor was dirty, and the tables didn't look that clean either.  If this is not enough to consider staying away, it is worth noting that the pizza comes in one size only, 11 inches, so no option for getting just slices and not really something that you would have enough left over to take home. We actually had a piece of pizza left and decided it was better to throw it out than bother to take it home.
5 Found this gem on groupon and love it! Been here 3x now and have not been disappointed. The pizzas are thin and delicious and the service is great. The owner and employees could not be nicer or more accommodating. I highly suggest this place!
