4 Couldn't wait for Daniel Boulud to open a restaurant in vegas again and I got to say I was impressed. The staff was friendly and our server was highly versed in the menu as we asked a lot of questions and she knew everything. My favorite course of the night was the escargot with spetzel. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing as well. If your looking for great food and a pleasant staff check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
4 I had the pleasure of dining with db BRASSERIE Saturday evening and must say I'm pleased.  After Boulud's departure from Wynn Las Vegas in 2010 I feared I would be forced to travel away from Las Vegas to enjoy his cuisine, I couldn't have been more wrong.  db BRASSERIE, a home for Boulud at Venetian that opened last week Thursday, is a contemporary French restaurant featuring single Edison bulbs mounted to antique brass fixtures, travertine limestone panels at the entrance and four-panel, 12-foot-wide exterior doors that open to the casino.  An open yet elegant and sophisticated space.  Stealing from Clint Eastwood's playbook, let's discuss "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly."  THE GOOD.  We started with the Assiette De Fromages (a cheese plate with quince preserves, nuts cranberry bread) and I neglected all but the blue cheese as it was so delicious.  She had the Crabe & Avocat (dungeness crab, fennel, avocado grapefruit, pink peppercorn, mint) and I had the Saint Jacques à la Provençale (seared sea scallops, stewed sweet peppers, baby zucchini green olives, pine nut persillad) - both were delicious.  I speak with limited breadth on the Crabe & Avocat, however, the Saint Jacques à la Provençale was very flavorful with each bite; yet not spicy.  Even more delightful, Chef David Middleton was about the floor and was very available to all.  Refreshing.  THE BAD.  One of the team experienced a leaking coffee pot.  Not too shabby in my book.  THE UGLY.  db BRASSERIE is located next to a bar that, during my visit, blasts 80's rock music.  Exiting db BRASSERIE, such an elegant space, I did not expect to exit and here Twisted Sister raging; I can't say this proximity is ideal.  One can't slight Daniel Boulud for a leaking coffee pot and hair band bar next door, db BRASSERIE is all aces in my book.
5 Hand made lemon saffron pasta, clams, shrimp, shaved bottarga,wilted arugula thats it! BEST pasta plate Ive ever had! 10 steps from the Poker room and I am a new regular!
5 I came in to this new addition to the Venetian food scene with the highest of hopes. Daniel Boulude's triumphant return to Vegas is not without high expectations. I had, of course, read up on who was joining Chef Daniel's army of chefs and contributors and was astonished to learn of Chef Dave Middleton and Chef John Courtney's reunification. This phenomenal pair had already impressed the Las Vegas food scene at Marche Bacchus, an off strip locals spot, with their French nuances paired with a classy touch of modernity. But this time, they were in the big leagues, and they are privileged to compete under Chef Daniel's unyielding standard. No taste bud was left unturned. The artichoke velouté, coq au vin, and pistachio cherry were perfection and a true treat. The Tunisian inspired lamb, and an unexpected dish, the Thai calamarie, have such depth and take you through every sensation. Thank you Chef Daniel for your stylish return to our city, you do not disappoint. Chef Dave and his right hand, Chef John are representing you beautifully.
2 Dined on Saturday 5/3/14.   I would normally rate this perhaps 3 stars, but being a Daniel Boulud rrestaurant, i expect more.  Food - To start, I ordered the French Onion soup, which to me, lacked enough cheese. I like a gooey French onion soup. For my main,I ordered the Frenchie burger because I heard DB is famous for his burgers. However, the burger that i got was more like a salt brick. The patty itself seemed that it was way over-salted. Plus they added the "morbier cheese confit pork belly" which sounds delicious on paper but just added to the saltiness. The burger was so salty, i finished 4 glasses of water and only finished half of the burger. In hindsight, I should have sent the burger back, especially paying $19 for a burger, it should be perfect. Also, I do understand the restaurant just opened, so it could be a learning lesson for the kitchen as well. My friend ordered the lingini and loved it. My other friend order the Yankee burger and loved it as well. So take my words with a grain of....salt. ha.  Service - When our party arrived we were seated immediately in a very nice booth. The restaurant does look like French bistro/brasserie, upscale yet casual. Upon being seated, we waited about 5+ minutes until we received our menus, which I thought was odd. Not sure why the hostess doesn't just hand out the menus (seems inefficient to me). The waitress was very nice and welcoming but seemed very busy. There were a lot of manager looking people standing around. Not sure what they were doing but felt the service could have been more efficient. But again, having recently opened, I'm sure this will be worked out.  Overall, I'm not sure I would recommend this restaurant, especially with all the awesome dining choices you have in Vegas. However, if the food was better (perhaps the kickhen wasn't tasting the food?) and the service kinks were worked out, I do think this could be a good restaurant, especially for the value. If my friends rated this restaurant, they would probably rate it a 4 or 5 stars. However, based on the experience I had, I could not give it more than a 2 and a half,  or 3.
5 a stripped down menu of french classics with a lightly modern flair.... which is right up my alley.  a great somm, that is really passionate about what he does, and has some rare treats that are at a really reasonable price (he had Francoise Chidaine's Clos Habert from 2006 for less than 70 bucks, which is a phenomenal deal for las vegas).   I had the: French Onion Soup Steak Frites Cheeses  All three dishes were executed well, and were exactly as I expected them to be. The price is extremely reasonable (just $48 for 3 courses... to compare, I had a mediocre breakfast the next day cost me $32, so three great courses for $48 was great).  I can comfortably say that I will probably dine here whenever I am in town.
5 Welcome back Daniel, we missed you!  Daniel Boulud Brasserie at Wynn was, in 2010, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Likewise, I was so saddened by the closure. When I heard about the new restaurant at Venetian, I made a reservation as soon as I could. It did not disappoint.  Daniel was in the kitchen when we were there, so I had very high expectations. All I can say is, get the duck! The duck is absolutely superb. Service is also top notch. I will return in the near future for a more detailed review.
5 This place is fantastic. The decor, service, atmosphere and food are all top notch. Our server was very friendly, he explained everything and answered all of my annoying questions with a smile on his face. Even the bussers are nice and take the time to make sure you are enjoying your meal. The place is cozy too with nice decor. I love the black and white with the green cups and the lighting is perfect not too bright not too dark. So for drinks I had the ménage a tois which is 3 different champagnes. They were all great. My husband had a chocolate cherry martini I had some of that too and would probably let get one of my own next time it was so good. For starters we got duck presse and the burratta. This was the first time I had ever had fois gras and wasn't sure what to expect. I took a bite and it melted in my mouth. I am definitely a fan. The burratta was really good too complimented perfectly with the balsamic and tomatoes. For our main course we had the crispy duck confit. My only duck eating experience has been Chinese food (and earlier mentioned presse) so I had an idea of why to expect. What we got was not what I expected, it was better! A nice crispy outside with tender juicy meat that just falls off the bone inside. This is one of those meals you will dream about. My husband has had duck before and he said this was the best duck he has ever had. For dessert we got the gateau basque. It was also really, good. I could not decide between that and the pistachio sundae. Next time I will have to try that. We were also fortunate enough that DB was in the kitchen that night, but I hope even when he is not there the dishes are still this great. I will be back.
5 I had a great meal with plenty of other items on the menu I would return for. We started with the Thai calamari and Pate de campagne.  Both were delicious.  For an entree, I had the halibut which was great, though I wish they had mentioned on the menu that the fava bean puree had mint - it just isn't a flavor I like very much, however the other accompaniments were good.  I ended the meal with their Basque cake, which is a favorite of mine.
5 Just opened so this is a well kept secret for now.  But it's really good so won't be for long!  Crab salad and lamb flatbread highly recommended.
5 what a WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!! impeccable service from the staff (maître d', server AND bus boys). such a pleasing atmosphere. special thank you to the chef for sending my table a complimentary burrata.  my party started with the stone oven flat bread that was so light, creamy and cheesy. i ordered the linguini de sud: pasta with clams & shrimp. desert was AMAZING! i ordered the black & white fondant, which is the molten chocolate cake with verbena ice cream.
4 Three of us, a biker, a runner, and a hiker, met for dinner last night (5/17/14).  The runner had made arrangements with the house for a tasting menu for the three of us with specific dishes included in the tasting.  More on that later.  The evening started with our dual appetizers of Torchon foie gras and Paté de Campagne Bourguignon. The paté and foie gras were excellent with some frisée served with them.  We each got two slices of bread on which to spread the paté.    Following this, we were brought escargots spätzle with chicken oyster, garlic, parsley coulis, and hazelnut.  The spätzle was soft and very tasty and the nut pieces for texture were a perfect addition.  Next came a course of sea scallops on a bed of corn.  The scallops were cooked on point and this, too, was a very tasty dish.  The the Tunisian lamb chop with some merguez sausage with cousocus, lemon braised spinach, red pepper tagine, and some chickpeas.  The chop was excellent, perfectly rare, and the spinach was very good.  The sausage had a small bit of spiciness to it.  Another winning dish.  For the last main, we got the crispy duck confit with a petite onion ring, trumpet royale mushroom, and some swiss chard and a small turnip.  Excellent duck.    We then went to our dessert course.  We had ordered 6 items--a cheese plate with 5 selections, raspberry clafoutis, black and white fondant, Gateau Basque, "Le Président", and Madeleines.  The five cheeses were: Pierre Robert Triple crème, Humboldt Fog goat, Petit Basque sheep, Pennsylvania Noble cheddar, and Fourme d'Ambert bleu.  The cheese plate was served with cranberry bread, nuts, and quince preserves.  The cheese plate was outstanding!  My favorites were the triple crème and the bleu.  I often buy Petit Basque so that was nothing new for me.  The desserts were quite good.  Standouts here were the Gateau Basque, "Le Président" and the black and white fondant with verbena ice cream. "Le Président" was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse tort and coffee chantilly.  The gateau Basque was a custard cake, brandied cherries, and vanilla Anglaise.   The texture differences of "Le Président"--the mousse tort with the bitter chocolate rings hiding the interior were wonderful together.  The gateau Basque was very smooth and quite a different cake than generally served.  With dessert, two of us had coffee and one had a single espresso.    Throughout the meal, the waitstaff was excellent.  There was a little hesitancy with one server as the restaurant has only been open for about three weeks.  I was brought a fresh glass of iced tea before finishing the one I had.  Water was refilled during the meal.  The only reason I didn't give the fifth star was the mixup in the tasting menu.  The runner had taken the lead in contacting the restaurant about a tasting menu.  After some conversation, a list was sent and approved for our group.  However, two of the things we had chosen were not served and one of the appetizers we got, the scallops, was not ordered.  Additionally, we were headed from our lamb right into our dessert course skipping over the duck confit--one of the must items on our list.  When brought to the attention of our lead server, a manager came over in a short while and told us the chef was preparing our duck.  I know the restaurant has only been open a short time, but for a Daniel Boulud restaurant, when a menu has been submitted and agreed to, it should have been followed.  The serving staff was excellent.  The back of the house service needs some improvement.  I hope to go back and let this place wow me again because the food is outstanding.
3 Items Selected: db's knees - Martin Miller's Gin, Lemon Juice, Local Desert Honey Pate de Campagne Borguignon - Pork, Chicken, Mustard, Cornichons, Country Bread Duck Presse - Foie Gras, Smoked Duck, Rillettes, Rhubarb, Turnips, Pistachio, Frisee Parmesan Focaccia, Baguette, Butter Escargots Spatzle - Burgundy Snails, Chicken Oysters, Mushrooms, Garlic Parsley Coulis, Hazelnuts Sea Scallops - Sweet Corn, Trumpet Mushrooms, Jalapeno, Confit Tomato, Basil Tunisian Spiced Lamb - Roasted Chop, Merguez Sausage, Couscous, Lemon Braised Spinach, Chickpeas, Red Pepper Tagine Crispy Duck Confit - Swiss Chard, Turnip, Trumpet Royale Mushrooms, Onion Rings Pierre Robert Triple Crème, Humbolt Fog, Petit Basque, Penn Noble, Forme d'Ambert with Quince Preserves, Nuts and Cranberry Bread Chocolate Fondant - Molten Chocolate Cake, Verbena Ice Cream Raspberry Fondant - Rhubarb gelée, ginger yogurt sorbet Gateau Basque - Custard Cake, Brandied Cherries, Vanilla Anglaise Le President - Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly Freshly Baked Madeleines Espresso  Having visited every Daniel Boulud property in New York City, from the eponymous 3* dining room and its original 1* Café home to breakfast and brunch at Bistro Moderne and Sud, respectively, it was with great delight that I learned of the chef's return to Sin City - a new Brasserie helmed by former Marche Bacchus chef David Middleton scheduled for dinner with two friends, a tasting menu presumably pre-arranged by private dining manager Heidi Voskuil.  Every bit the bustling space suggested by its name, with close set tables and traditional heavy woods beneath the sexy glow of globed lighting, it was just after 6:30pm on Saturday when our party was seated and starting off with a stunning riff on the Bee's Knees our menu was confirmed...at least conceptually...though much of what followed was not exactly what was requested and much of it was marred by still-green service.  Setting aside small mistakes on sourcing and pronunciation as well as beverages spilled more than once plus an obvious miscommunication from front of house to back about the menu requested it was with a duo of Boulud's superlative terrines that we began and with the foie gras smooth as silk while the chicken and pork pate upped the ante with an earthy funk one can only hope for this program to expands; a "Bar Boulud" charcuterie program like that in Manhattan's theater district seemingly a perfect choice on The Strip.  Moving next to outsourced bread and salty butter before progressing into the one-two punch of garlicky snails followed by the best scallops I've had in recent memory as the restaurant filled to perhaps 80% capacity it was in our fourth course that things got interesting; the lightly seared lamb and its spicy sausage tender and delicious but served as our "main course" when my request had clearly delineated the duck as a 'must.'  Eventually served the confit after much hemming-and-hawing including the involvement of the Dining Room Manager suffice it to say that the crispy-skinned fowl is absolutely worth visiting (and perhaps fighting) for and finishing the evening with a glut of sweets plus a quintet of award-winning cheeses one can only hope the service can soon keep up with the kitchen...not only does Chef Middleton's cuisine warrant it, but so does the textbook Gateau Basque.
5 For our dining experience Wednesday, May 14.  db Brasserie is a triumphant return of Chef Daniel Boulud. When his brasserie at the Wynn disappeared, I got upset because I couldn't understand why Las Vegas didn't support his culinary talents. But, voila, he's back in Vegas at The Venetian.  This brasserie reminds me of those "classic-looking" restaurants that one sees in film from the late 1800 to early 1900. The vintage floor tiles, lighting fixtures, dark wood panels, white table linens, simple printed menus and professionally dressed waiters evoked a sense of relaxed French brew pub comfort. Service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiter and wait help were always around but never obtrusive.   The high quality of the "simple" menu items showcased both natural flavors of the main ingredient and the cooking techniques used to prepare each dish. We each started with a flute of db Paris champagne cocktail that was divine..I wanted another but, decided to not be a "lush". Next up, we shared our Thai Calamari appetizer which was a good shareable portion of crispy beer battered tender calamari, pickled Fresno chilies and kafir lime leaf aioli. The beer batter was so crisp and light and the chilie/kaffir lime aioli brightened the flavor. My husband ordered the duck confit as his entree while I tried DB's burger called "The Piggie". Both entrees hit the Gascony comfort food mark. The duck leg confit had been slow cooked in its own fat then its skin was crisped just before service...the duck meat was meltingly tender and well-seasoned. My "Piggie" burger was a tender, flavorful coarse ground 7 ounce all beef patty topped with juicy tender house made shredded BBQ  pork, jalapeño mayonnaise and stuffed into a potato bun. On the side was a cupful of pommes frites aka French Fries. You could tell these fries had been double fried from its crispy exterior and smooth center...all the full potato flavor exuded from each stick. The portions were just the right size to its price point. But, each dish was big on flavor.  I expected a lot from Chef Boulud since I have had the pleasure of dining in his other restaurants, in New York and Las Vegas. He did NOT disappoint me!
3 There were definitely hits and misses at this new place.  Unfortunately, there is so much competition in Vegas (and even in the same hotel), that I don't think we will be back.  The service was very good.  But I don't understand the bread service.  Two people get two small pieces of bread - fine.  But they are two different kinds of bread - french and focaccia!?! Now I have to figure out which we each get?  Or am I supposed to break the tiny pieces in half?  DB, don't make me think this hard at the beginning of my meal.  Seafood tower - good.  Duck/foie - great. Onion soup - okay (too little cheese and added chunks of beer), Hamachi - horrible (we both took one bite and didn't want any more because the flavors did go well together and the hamachi itself didn't taste that great).  Wine pairings were great, as suggested by our waiting (who evidently was a certified somm, and didn't a great job).
2 My husband, our one year old daughter, and I decided to venture out to the strip for dinner one night. We are regulars at Bouchon, but decided to try DB Brasserie for the first time.    I ordered the flatbread and calamari, and my husband had a burger.  Overall, we were not very impressed at all.  Calamari was pretty good, but everything else was meh...however, i do have to give them credit for the desserts.  The madelines were so perfect and warm!  Service was ok and very pretentious, they were not accommodating at all to children, unlike Bouchon.  It seemed like waiters and managers tried to make us feel uncomfortable because we had our baby with us with dirty looks.   Don't think we will be going back, going to Bouchon instead!
2 I visited DB last night. I was so looking forward to my visit, thinking back to Chef's previous restaurant in the Wynn Las Vegas. So, not so great. The setting is less than desirable being direct off the Casino, with all the noise and all the revelers that is Las Vegas. Poor location. Then there is a "lounge " area which is comfy, but very loud once filled. Not a good dining experience at all. I have no complaints about the quality of the food. Not too French, per se, but more "country French" a la Bocuse. Probably will not return.
1 Undeserving.  They advertise a amazing Frenchie Burger. What we got was an awful burger served with cold fries. How does a high end brasserie serve cold fries? Stay away.
5 Girls weekend in Vegas and we decided to treat ourselves to a special dinner and chose DB Brasserie.  The restaurant is classic French brasserie, simple and classic with dark woods and dark leather banquette.  Service was attentive, efficient and extremely professional.  Our server Erik was so helpful and provided great recommendations.  I ordered the trio of champagne cocktails and really enjoyed the DB Paris the most, champagne with an x-rated passionfruit liqueur.  We ordered the lamb flatbread as a starter...so good...ground lamb delicately spiced with cumin and coriander and a perfect way to begin the meal.  My friend ordered the lobster ravioli special...generous serving of raviolis, plump with lobster...very tasty.  I ordered the duck confit: perfectly tender duck topped with super crispy duck skin and crispy wisps of onion rings served over braised Swiss Chard and trumpet mushrooms.  We also order the creamed spinach (who doesn't love creamed spinach?) and the pea fricassee, both great accompaniments to our mains.  To finish things off, we ordered the Black & White Fondant, a rich molten lava cake served with a refreshing verbena ice cream.  The food, the service and the restaurant were absolutely wonderful.  Looking forward to returning!
4 This is a preliminary 4-star review.. the food was fantastic, but the service was a little spotty. As it's a new restaurant, I am giving them the benefit of the doubt and assuming it will get better with time.   We had the foie gras torchon, onion soup, lobster salad, duck confit, and tunisian lamb. Everything was really quite delicious, except the onion soup. The duck was really crispy on the outside and deliciously juicy on the inside. The tunisian lamb was tender and cooked to rare perfection and wasn't too gamey. For dessert, we ordered le president and the souffle. The souffle was perfectly fluffy and light. I really enjoyed it, but my mom doesn't like grand marnier and found it was too .. grand marnier-y.   The onion soup was.. interesting, to say the least. I guess the description does say "beef and onion soup," but I was not expecting there to be chunks of beef in the soup. The waitress said that it was brisket, but it really just tasted like boiled beef that had been used to flavor the broth and not taken out. I have never in my life had a french onion soup with beef cubes in it.   The service was mostly good, but kind of off. The critical comments I am about to make - I am writing them in the hopes that this is a new restaurant and management is reading every review to try to make improvements. We were a little late for our reservation, but were still seated promptly. When I asked where the restroom was, the busser / water guy walked me to it rather than just pointing across the room.   The waitress never introduced herself, so I cannot tell you whom I'm talking about. She was friendly and mostly a good waitress. However, she interrupted me mid-sentence not once, not twice, but three times during our meal - rather than waiting nearby or trying to make eye contact before approaching, she interrupted me mid-sentence to tell us about the specials or ask how we were doing. She also forgot to tell us the specials and had to come back to tell us about them, but she didn't have them memorized so she had to look at her notepad, which seemed kind of amateur. She also did not know how to pronounce many of the menu items (the lady who brought our wine out also stumbled with the pronunciation).   Finally - there is a huge analog clock on the wall facing the restaurant. I had the misfortune of sitting facing toward it, which made me painfully aware of the passage of time. When I'm going out to eat at a real sit-down restaurant, I want to be able to enjoy a leisurely, unhurried meal. The clock made me feel as though the restaurant was saying, "tick tock! time's a-wasting! get on out!"   I will definitely be coming back here within the next few months, because the food was really good. Hopefully they will work out the kinks by then!
2 I love Daniel Boulud and was expecting a great lunch.  The bread was good, but brought after lunch was served.  The pork belly on my Frenchie burger was extremely chewy and not tender at all.  I'm glad they had Scrimshaw.  The dessert was good, gateau Basque, but not very fanciful for $13.  Worth noting, I overheard the server complain to his busser on the job he was doing.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed in both the food and service(which was pretty stuffy).
4 Chef Daniel Boulud's triumphant return to Vegas.  This incarnation, a modern brasserie using the freshest, locally sourced, seasonal ingredients in updated, French classic dishes.  Intriguing elements in every dish brighten flavors and awaken the palate.  Add some beautifully imagined French craft cocktails; this is not your typical austere brasserie.  The requisite classics are there; a well made pate de champagne bourguignon with bits of this and that served with house made cornichons and whole grain mustard with bread, the authenticity of which is rarely tasted outside of Europe.  The obligatory shellfish plateau; a mountain of fresh seafood, begging for a glass of Sancerre.  The austere coq au vin, with it's perfectly braised pieces of chicken amidst lardoons, mushrooms and pearl onions.  All good but pale in comparison to dishes showcasing the chef's Michelin pedigree.  The artichoke veloute is incredible.  Velvety smooth.  Huge vegetal flavor of artichokes balanced with cream around a mushroom royale.  Bits of mushrooms provide texture.  A submerged "crouton" soaked in butter adds even greater richness.  Pair the dish with the "Bee's Knees" and be blown away by the complexity created by the sweetness, acidity, and richness.  The salmon rillettes, all the flavor of salmon, made smooth, rich, and creamy.  Hints of fennel add a wonderful anise notes, fried capers add texture and briny salinity.  Finally the dry aged Brandt ribeye.  Simply grilled served with a béarnaise sauce, more acidic and with herbaceous notes than most that heightens the nutty, bleu cheese flavor of the steak.  Tip:  Lunch is a deal.  $26 for two courses, $33 for three.  Tip:  Match a craft cocktails with each dishes.  Cocktails are extremely complex with the use of many different bitters.  Most have great acidity.  Dare I say, perfect pairings work better than wine.  Very good wine list.  Heavy emphasis on France.  Decent vintage depth.   Best "value" in older vintages.    Contemporary, bright ambiance.  Excellent, relaxed service.  You would never know the restaurant has been opened for only a month.  Definitely a welcome addition to the Vegas culinary scene.
5 Great dinner and experience!  Classic brasserie feel to the restaurant, felt like we were in Paris- but actually Venice :)  Started with tart Flambe, very light flat bread with a cream sauce, caramelized onions and bacon.  Perfect beginning, not too heavy but with great refined flavors.  The Burrata salad had a large soft creamy burrata ball onto of an artichoke heart.  Amazing.  Amazing.  Our waiter- Silvano pouched me to the duck confit over a burger.  Best choice ever.  Classic leg quarter, crispy skin, and juicy meat under.  The duck was succulent.  Best duck I've ever had.  In the world of celebrity chef restaurants with food for the masses...this chef is a chef before the celebrity status kicked in.
5 Shady rolled into Daniels Boulud's new venue on a Tues evening for his most eagerly anticipated meal of his 8 day  assault on Vegas. And Shady is very happy to report it lived up to all expectations. Shady and lucky dining partner started with some cocktails, Shady opting for the trio of Champagne. 1 too sweet, 1 very good and one 1 just right-the Cherry flavored was the best of the three. For starters, Shady and Co. opted for the Piosson fume and the hamachi cru. The Piosson was delicious smoked salmon expertly presented  and the crue equally as impressive. For mains, and this where DB stands apart, Shady went for the Duck Confit and lucky lucky guest went for 95$ ribeye. The duck was as good as Shady has ever had, maybe the best period. Shady licked the bone and thought about eating that as well. Crisp, not gamey, this is THE Duck dish in Vegas. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. Shadys guest was in food heaven. For dessert, Shady went off road and ordered the cheese plate. Three off the charts cheeses, the bleu cheese being Shady's favorite. Service was as good as it gets, with Shady's server being patient, thorough and professional. The venue is impressive, and the overall was just terrific. The Duck makes Shady's hall of fame. Welcome back DB, we will see you again.
5 Ate here with customers while at a convention in the Venetian.  Outstanding.  Great service, excellent food.  Started off with several appetizers for the table - delicious crispy and NOT greasy calamari, crab and avocado dish, and really good burrata cheese.  Also had some excellent bread.  My guests all ordered the steaks (different cuts) - one was a little too cooked but he did not send it back (ordered it med rare and it came out medium).  They all added the lobster "upgrade" (think that it was $16 more each plate).  I had a tasty halibut.  It was poached and it was completely white, looked like cheese it was so pure a white.  We each ordered dessert - 2 got delicious scoops of gelato ($3/scoop), I got the Gateau Basque (a lemony tart with crème anglaise),  another ordered the black and white fondant (it was a chocolate bomb dessert - delicious but SUPER rich), and finally the President.  We shared.  The President is not suitable for sharing - too difficult to split up.  The tart was my favorite - and also a big favorite of the table.  The sizes of the dessert are just right - not huge.  Wine list has some reasonable selections.  I returned the following night for late night drinks in the bar and got the same terrific service.  Had 3 specialty coffees, a ~$70 bottle of wine, 2 cocktails, and the bill for 5 with a 20% tip was just under $600.  I would absolutely return here - over and over again!
2 They still have a lot to sort out here. I understand its a brasserie and not fine dining but it could and should be better. The  Burrata was decent but not as creamy as other places. The French onion soup has a lot of beef and almost no onion or cheese. Saffron linguini was barely edible- way too spivey and barely any sea food. The side of mushrooms was way too sour but they were kind enough to take that off the bill.  The molten chocolate cake was really good. Sage is a better bet or maybe we should have just got a burger.
5 Love this place. We had tried one of his restaurants in New York on loved it. We, also, loved Daniel Boulud's old resturant in Las Vegas and were sad to see it close. So when we heard he was coming back to open another restaurant, we just couldn't pass up the opportunity to try it.  This restaurant has a good mix of up-scale, as well as, casual elements.  The dinner room is large and open. The menu selection has a little for everyone ranging from artisan pasta, several classical french dishes, to burgers.  My mom tried the 3 course tasting menu and I ordered off the menu.  We started with the Thai calamari which has hints of curry and lemon grass and the pate de campagne bourguignon which came with great crusty bread, mustard and homemade pickles. Next, we had linguini de sud, which was a pasta infused with lemon and saffaron and topped with shrimp, clams, and arugula.  My mom ordered a crispy, skin on, sea bass type of fish with fingerling potatoes. And for dessert we ended with the cherry pistachio sundae topped with  butterscotch sauce and marshmellows, but next time, I have my eye on the souffle.  All the dishes where artfully presented and the staff were super helpful in suggestion. Good portion size and price!
4 Food was pretty good, the lamb is pretty amazing. Tender, flavorful, and lacking in the strong gamy smell that it normally comes with. Swordfish steak was abit bland and tough and I would pass on it. Expensive but no more expensive than other restaurants in its class
4 Beginning to think its a thing with Vegas... They are slow to cocktails and bad with follow up service. Our waiter was superb, but we didn't he didn't tell us about the specials and the refills on water were less than speedy. The kicker... There were at least FOUR men in suits standing around looking important while the servers and bus boys busted their butts.   So, then why the four star review? Because the food was excellent and that's really the point. The butter poached halibut may have been the best thing I tasted all week.
5 This is quickly going to become one of my favorite spots on the strip. Quiet, yet boisterous. Elegant, but subdued. I've wanted to try Chef Boulud's food for a long time. It exceeded all of my expectations...which were very high.  The service was good. We had an attentive waiter, everything came out in a timely manner and every need was met. Nothing over the top and nothing that set DB apart from the norm, but good. The only gripe I have is that it would've been nice to have some more description of the courses as they came out. These aren't your typical "steak frites" or "onion soup" dishes. Some involved some serious thought and expertise and deserved more than just, "here's your calamari."  I loved the atmosphere. A fine mix of classic French decor, (tile floors and leather banquettes) and a contemporary, inviting ambience. It was luxurious, yet comfortable.  But what brings this restaurant to five stars is the food. We didn't get an entree; just a plethora of small plates and appetizers.  Lamb flatbread: perfectly crispy and rich. The buttery lamb was braised down with eggplant and Mediterranean spices until it was smooth and silky. The yogurt based sauce on top added just the right amount of tang to balance out the rich flavor of the lamb. It was garnished with micro cilantro that still had seedlings of coriander attached and diced apricots. Really added nice fresh and sweet notes so that everything was in perfect harmony.  Shellfish plateau: this is a guilty pleasure of ours. Nothing different from the norm aside from the ridiculous freshness of everything. We had oysters from both the east and west coasts (I can't tell you what kind they were because we weren't informed). They were plump, juicy and sweet. There was also king crab, lobster tail and shrimp. The mignonette was tart and peppery and was perfect with the oysters. They also served a beautiful "French" cocktail sauce which had the addition of mayonnaise and brandy. A nice touch that gave a lobster bisque-ish flavor to the perfectly poached shellfish.  Balik smoked salmon: my favorite dish of the evening. The house cured and smoked salmon was garnished simply with toasted caraway seed and sliced. It was so unctuous and creamy. Easily the best smoked salmon I've ever tried. There were little potato dauphinois puffs with the roe and a touch of creme fraiche in the middle. Light, but rich and unbelievably delicious. I wonder if they sell those instead of popcorn at movie theaters in France. The trio of salmon was finished with a decadent salmon rillette with a tiny toasted pumpernickel cracker on the bottom. So much technique was put into this dish. It was perfect.  Burratta salad: a simple and unique take on a tomato-mozzarella salad. The burratta sat atop a braised artichoke heart, which, in turn, sat atop diced tomatoes. It was surrounded by a salad of arugula with a sharp balsamic vinaigrette. Under normal circumstances, the acidity of the dressing would've been overwhelming. But this is why I was so impressed with this place. The chefs know how rich the burratta is and how much it craves to be cut by a little acid. Balance. It's all about balance.  Thai calamari: perfectly cooked. I know it's cliche to say something like that in a review, but more often than not, calamari is over cooked in many restaurants. The beer batter was so incredibly crispy and worked so well with the chewy texture of the beloved mollusk. The sauce was a play on thai red curry and had some good spice to it. It was all finished with pickled, bright red Fresno chiles and cilantro. A beautiful dish in sight and in taste.  Pommes frites: I had to get em. Nothing special here, but they were, of course, perfect. Served with ketchup, to my surprise. I asked for a side of aioli and was obliged. When in Rome!  Balance. Years of training and obsession with perfection. Countering textures and flavors. Sweet, spicy, bitter, sour, savory...they were all there. My hat is off to you, Chef Boulud. A perfect meal.
5 DB Brasserie has returned to the Strip and I must say that my return visit was one of the best dinner experiences I ever had.  First, let's go back in time to my review of Daniel Boulud Brasserie when they were located at The Wynn -- http://bit.ly/1o4M0AL Looking back at that review it's pretty interesting to know that it was my first foray into high end gourmet burgers.  That DB Burger was simply too amazing and when I found out that DB Brasserie was returning, I had high hopes in being able to have the DB Burger once again.  However, a few weeks before my trip, I saw their grand opening menu and noticed that it was missing, which almost made me not want to go.  When I arrived in Vegas, at first I wasn't too sure about going there since it was so close to their grand opening and I assumed they were still working out the kinks.  So it pretty much became a game-time decision on my last day there when I made a reservation for dinner.  And I don't regret that decision one bit!  I love the fresh new look of the place.  It's definitely brighter and more inviting than the old location which was dark and almost cave-like.  The decor is quite similar to Bouchon which is a hybrid of classic bistro look with a modern touches.  Menu -- http://bit.ly/1mmt90m I'm not sure what exactly carried over from the old Wynn location, but this current menu is a like a 'greatest hits' mashup of all his restaurants in NYC from Bar Boulud, DBGB, and Daniel.  Unfortunately for me, the DB Burger that I enjoyed back at the old location wasn't on the menu here.  Which was fine because I was willing to try something new with this visit.  Here's what I had for dinner:  Fresh baked baguette and foccacia. -- http://bit.ly/1omQGCE They give you a small portion to start with, but you can always ask for more bread.  The baguette was nice, hot, and chewy.  Escargot Spatzle -- http://bit.ly/1omQMKA burgundy snail fricassée, chicken "oysters", mushrooms, garlic, parsley coulis, hazelnut I've never had Escargot of any kind before so I decided to man-up and try this.  It was delicious!  I actually couldn't distinguish the Escargot from the sauteed mushrooms, but everything on the plate tasted good with the spatzle giving it some substance.  Beef Duo  -- http://bit.ly/1noUxOz red wine braised short ribs & roasted tournedos, Supergreen spinach, pommes purée, carrots 'niçoise' I basically decided to order this beforehand when I saw them post a pic of this on their Facebook page.  Can you say....OMFGYUM!!!  The short ribs were braised perfectly that it broke down so easily with my fork.  No knife needed!!  And the tournedo was like butter!!  So tender and juicy and just melted in my mouth!  This was probably one of the best beef entrees I've ever had.  "le president" - chocolate and hazelnut mousse tart --  http://bit.ly/1p5pp9Q Chocolate-Hazelnut Mousse Tart, Coffee Chantilly Best way to finish the night.  I ordered this with zero expectations and it was rich decadent.  Very nice presentation!  The mousse was nice and cool too.  I'm definitely coming back to DB Brasserie.  I would love to try everything else on the menu and hopefully next time I go there, maybe the DB Burger will return.   I actually wouldn't mind coming back for lunch as well, now that they have a 3-course prix-fixe menu for under $30.  It doesn't get any better than that, especially on The Strip.  Overall, I highly recommend DB Brasserie!  They really impressed me with their exceptional service, lively atmosphere, and delicious food.  Thank you, Daniel Boulud for bringing DB Brasserie back to Las Vegas!
5 I had the Beef Duo which was excellent because filet and short rib should be good.  Mom had the NY Steak med rare and that thick slice of goodness was the best NY that I had ever seen or tasted.  Very tender and red from edge to edge.  You only see that in a Southwest airline magazine that you expect is photoshopped.  Sister had the Duck Confit which was rich and crispy.  The best meal in Vegas ever.   France has invaded Italy and Delmonico next door is going to be the first casualty of Daniel Boulud's presence in the Venetian.  The neighbors have to step up their game now.
5 Fantastic spot for a ladies' lunch.
5 Want a french destination that you can wear shorts in? Check this place out! Everything fantastic, from the small plates to the beautiful lobster salad and giant size entree's.  A great concept.  This is a place I can't wait to return to, the cocktail menu is serious. Best bread in Vegas.  Outstanding service.
4 My dining experience here was so much better than I expected. With the glut of celebrity chef restos that phone it in and print money luring in the Food Network convention demographic, I was expecting a "nice" dinner at inflated prices. I was meeting someone during the one hour dinner break in a poker tournament and DB was very close by to the poker room. Decided it would be nice to take advantage of the better dining options at the Venetian since the Rio is sorely lacking in that area.  Our hostess was very courteous when we asked if they had a table for two available although were a walk in (although I didn't show up with a huffy and entitled shitty attitude, so that probably helped too, take note Yelpers...) and we were offered a vacant table right away.  We were waited on promptly and told our waitress we had a time constraint. That mostly worked well although we had to wave her down when it was time to head out, but at that point quite a few more diners had arrived and the bill was still settled in time.   I chose a glass of wine from a list that looked thoughtful and well-curated. It was an exceedingly rare occasion to have an available selection of quality wines offered by the glass.   Our starters were the burrata and the escargots spaetzle. The latter was an exceptional combination of flavors and textures. Mains were the halibut and Tunisian lamb. Perfectly seasoned and cooked with an elegant but simple presentation.   I would go so far as to say this definitely exceeds Bouchon for a few reasons: service is better overall, ambiance more intimate (Bouchon can get deafeningly loud with a crowd in there), cocktails and wine list appear better and the food is much better overall. Not much "simple" French bistro fare at DB but most dishes feature Boloud's signature Med touches yet remain unfussy, despite the lengthy menu descriptions for some.  I would compare our dinner to courses I've had at a few one-star Michelin restaurants even. I highly recommend a visit here if you're staying at the Venetian, and even if you're not it's worth coming from another hotel to dine here.   We didn't have time to try dessert or an opportunity to return, but I'd love to return next time I'm in Vegas.
3 Went here based on the reviews. The place is nicely decorated. Ordered the lamb dinner and some port wine. The lamb was okay, nothing spectacular. There was a little too much fat for my liking.
4 Booked reservation on OpenTable for 3 people at 8:30 on a Sunday without issue.  We were running a few minutes late, so I called the restaurant to let them know, and they were fine with it.  After walking through the Venetian casino, you will find DB Brasserie nestled in a back corner with a prominently displayed "A" health rating.  We were quickly seated in what was about a half empty dining room, and it remained that way through our whole meal.  The ambiance is nice, comfortable seating, booths, tables, a long bar.  Water served without ice, how European.  The Cocktail Menu: There is a good mix of inventive drinks here.  I personally had the Ex Pat, with a flavor that developed nicely as the vanilla and ginger infused ice ball melted into the straight bourbon.  I tried my friend's Manhattan, and it had nicely layered flavor.  Food: I started with Escargot that were fried to a delicious, almost crispy chicken skin consistency.  There was also a mixture of shaved and fried garlic with normally cooked escargot.  The Foie Gras with cashew bread and a sweet chutney leveled with the salt and fat present very well.  For Main, I had the steak frites - crunchy, salty fries, perfectly medium rare flank steak.  Friend had the New York Strip cooked near rare, and it was a little tougher than it should have been in my opinion.  Dessert - Grand Marnier Souffle - delicately delicious with nice citrus notes.  "Black and White"- decadent and very rich.  General: No salt and pepper on the table, which is not surprising.  Background music was a good mixture which specifically included a song by Disclosure.  Service was attentive.  We visited with the place only having been open around 6 weeks.  Overall, impressed, would come back, and not worry too much about getting a reservation on OpenTable.
4 We'd had a dinner reservation for the 4th of July at another restaurant but since we were running late, I was forced to cancel it.  While in a cab to our hotel, I grabbed one of the free booklets in the cab and immediately saw Daniel Boulud's restaurant DB Brasserie.  I immediately went to OpenTable to book a reservation.  I recently finished reading "Talking With My Mouth Full" by Gail Simmons where she talks quite a bit about Daniel Boulud so I knew I had to try his food.  When we arrived, I don't think the restaurant was half full.  We were seated at a two person top.  I quickly found that my back was to the restaurant which bummed me out.  I was facing a wall.  Before we were even served our dinner, another couple was seated right next to us.  Really?  The place is half empty and you have to seat another table right next to us?  I thought that was pretty lame.  But we started with bartender's choice mocktails of which mine was pineapple, orange, cranberry juices and my partner's was lavender soda.  They were both good but hers was a bit more unique.  We then tried the Thai style calamari.  It was excellent with a lime sauce and pickled, julienned vegetables.  There were also some fried onions which I didn't think were really needed.  I'd preferred just the calamari rather than what seemed to be a filler for the tender seafood.  My partner got the Duck Confit which was incredible.  It was tender, flavorful meat with a crispy skin on top of swiss chard with sautéed onions, crispy onion rings, turnips and a thick, leathery mushroom that my partner didn't like so I ate them.  The dish was awesome.  She was in heaven.  It's not often that you find duck confit for dinner which was a nice treat.  Whenever we see it as an appetizer, we get it so it was such a treat to have it as an entree.  We'd been hiking all day so I was really interested in the pasta dish Linguine De Sud which was lemon linguine with assorted seafood.  When it was set down in front of me, it looked amazing.  It was a reasonable portion of pasta.  I hate when a trough of food is placed in front of me.  I'm more about quality than quantity.  Usually, when there's enough for six people in one dish, they're making up for something which means it's not going to be an incredible dish.  I took the first bite and just loved the feel of the homemade pasta, the smooth, richness of the delicate sauce.  I was in heaven.  Before I could take my next bite, I felt a bit of heat to the dish.  I actually coughed a few times as I wasn't expecting it to attack the back of my throat.  My partner asked if I was ok.  I told her of the heat.  We exchanged bites and I warned her about the heat.  I love spice but she does not.  It completely choked her.  She drank a glass of water and had to wait a bit before resuming eating her dinner.  I didn't mind the heat but did find it a bit overpowering for such a delicate dish.  I really felt that they accidentally dumped too much red pepper in the dish and just didn't feel like remaking it.  I thought about mentioning it to the server but didn't want her to think I was complaining.  I did finish the entire dish but had that pepper catch in my throat several times.  I was almost sweating by the time I finished.  I reread the menu and I wasn't sure it was the same dish.  I was happy none-the-less.  We decided to split a dessert - the Le President which was a chocolate-hazelnut mousse with coffee cream in a chocolate shell.  It was so rich and wonderful that we couldn't even finish it.  It was a nice evening with some really good food.  I wish the craps tables were as nice!
5 Ever since foie gras has been banned from California establishments, I've had a real hankering for goose liver and made the executive decision for my group to dine here.    Upon being seated, we were greeted with a complimentary glass of chilled Veuve Clicquot champagne. Clearly the evening was off to a good start! The terrine de foie gras really hit the spot but the pate de campagne bourguignon was superb : everyone was fighting over the last bite!  Dishes Sampled:  TARTE FLAMBEE PÂTÉ DE CAMPAGNE BOURGUIGNON TERRINE OF FOIE GRAS ESCARGOTS SPÄTZLE KING CRAB TIMBALE SEA SCALLOPS CRISPY DUCK CONFIT GÂTEAU BASQUE "LE PRÉSIDENT"  The Gateau Basque was divine, and my scallops were perfectly seared. Overall an outstanding dining experience, the restaurant is the spitting image of a Parisian brasserie and the food does not disappoint.
4 Saturday night, 7/5/14, 7:00PM.  I never got around to eating at Daniel Boulud's brasserie at the Wynn before it closed so I was excited to try his new restaurant at the Venetian.  It is an inviting open restaurant with a large bar area and dark wood furnishings all around.    We arrived before our other guests and sat down for a pre-dinner drink at the bar.  We had boulevardier ($17) and a maitresse ($13).  The brasserie's version of the boulevardier is a mixture of Bulleit rye whiskey instead of bourbon, Aperol instead of Campari and sweet vermouth with a slice of orange rind.  It was a really good pour with no ice to mask the taste and the heavy cut crystal glass it was served in was a nice touch.  The maitresse, served in a martini glass, was a sweet concoction of rum, lime and coconut liqueur that perhaps would make a good drink if you were sitting by the pool but it didn't work well before dinner.  When the rest of the group arrived, we started with the Terrine of foie gras ($24), burrata ($14), and the crab timbale ($20).  All three tasted ok but the delicate crab flavor was overwhelmed by the taste of the overlying fruit and the foie gras terrine didn't have the punch or flavor of the seared version that you could get upstairs at Bouchon.  For dinner we has the Tunisian lamb with merguez sausage ($45), the sea scallops ($29), the oven roasted halibut ($40) and the swordfish ($42).  The scallops had a good sear on them and were served on a bed of sweet corn and shitake mushrooms.  They were delicious. The halibut was also cooked just right and was moist and flavorful. On the other hand, the swordfish was on the dry side and kind of bland.  Perhaps they had two different chefs cooking the fish that night?  The lamb and spicy sausage tasted fine on its own but seemed heavy in comparison to the first two seafood dishes.  For desert, the standout of the night was the grand marnier soufflé with vanilla anglaise sauce ($15). I don't know how he got it to be so light and airy or how it came out so fast but it was one of the best I have ever had. Roy Yamaguchi could learn a thing or two about cooking soufflé's from this place. We also split the pistachio-cherry Sunday ($14). This tasted great while you were eating the overlying flavorful pistachio ice cream but it lost its charm when you got down to the sour cherry ice cream underneath.  Overall, it was a good dining experience. The place was kind of empty for dinner time on a Saturday night but perhaps that is because it is still new. I also notice with trepidation that some of the dish prices at the restaurant are already a dollar or two higher than what is advertised on the online menu. As it is still kind of early to be raising prices, I hope it doesn't mean the new restaurant is already in trouble.  I would recommend it and I know I would go back, especially for more soufflé.
