5 This business has recently done a "soft opening" as of last week.  Since I live down the street from them, I'm familiar with the ebb and flow of Main Street Sun Prairie restaurants opening up, staying open for a little bit, and closing, as demonstrated by the previous ownership of this restaurant space  (see this article: http://host.madison.com/news/local/city-life/in-may-watertower-chop-house-brings-the-supper-club-back/article_1fc21e50-4d63-54cc-b93d-eeffdab4de73.html).  It's a Supper Club with a soup and salad bar, main entrees, and dessert.  It's a table cloth, low mood lighting with candle light, and multiple utensils on hand kind of place.   Everyone in my party of four ordered the Thursday special of the day, the slow cooked BBQ ribs.  It came with multiple options for a side, I chose the sweet potato french fries, my companions chose the potato pancakes or the mash.    Everything including the salad bar was divine. The turtle cheesecake was HEAVENLY.  And on top of that, they know about professional wait staff service.  The test of a great Supper Club will be consistency.  It remains to be seen how this quality will continue, but we can certainly be optimistic about the possibility.
4 My husband and I took our adult son out for a birthday celebration.  We had a pleasant experience and will be returning for another dinner in the near future.  We shared two appetizers, the tempura shrimp and the tuna ponzu.  Both of these were delicious and had beautiful presentations.  We each had the salad bar which was good but not great..  Our entrees were the lamb duo, which my husband said was excellent, the chicken piccata and the chicken paprikash.  Both of the chicken dishes were good but a bit bland for our tastes.  The chicken in the piccata dish was excellent, however the sauce could have used a little more lemon.  The service was very good and the only suggestion I have is that the servers become more familiar with the brands of liquor available in a given category.  Overall we were very pleased and were glad to see that there were quite a few other people there besides us.
3 I'd give the Water Tower Chop House a 2-star rating if it hadn't been open less than a month.  My wife and I visited on a busy Friday night.  The initial impression walking in the door wasn't bad. Pretty traditional Supper Club, which is what it used to be and in part still is.  It went down hill after that.  I've been greeted with more warmth by hostesses in snooty New York City restaurants.  The entire greeting, after her looking at us expectantly and us giving our name was "You can go in there (the bar) and have a cocktail. We'll call you."  Note this was 6:29 for a 6:30 reservation.  No indication of when that we might be seated.  Our fellow waitees had 6:00 reservations and far more patience than I would have had.   Seated at 6:40 (not bad) the waiter was prompt to greet us, was personable and turned out to be on the plus side of adequate.  One thing that was an immediate disappointment was the fact that they chose to place bussing stations around the dining room.  The station that was my immediate neighbor was well populated with the remnants of previous diners meals, an unappetizing sight. A word to our waiter and it disappeared.  To his credit and financial benefit, it didn't return.  The salad bar contained the average selection of standard bar items.  The spinach and lettuce were fresh, everything else canned.  There were a few other potential offerings like potato salad but all were empty when I arrived.  I had ordered the Lamb Duo, while my wife ordered the Salmon.  After a pretty substantial wait with our water and iced tea being refilled promptly, food arrived.  My wife enjoyed both the presentation and taste of her relatively small portion of salmon.  My lamb was a mixed bag. The chop was tasty and reasonably tender.  This was good because the knife I was provided was a standard diner offering.  It was done to the medium-well level in spite of my request for medium-rare.  The other half of the Duo I first mistook for a silver dollar size mushroom.  Probing with my fork made clear it was meat.  I'm not sure why they bothered except to call the plate Duo.  The accompanying potatoes and asparagus were both tasty and well presented.  For dessert, my wife indicated her strawberry shortcake had been sitting around too long while my flourless chocolate cake was good but wasn't enhanced by the drizzle of canned chocolate syrup.  All in all, not a failure but I'm going to wait a while before returning.  Sun Prairie could use a good fine dining establishment.  This one isn't there yet.
3 We went on Father's Day- super busy but our friend had reserved online.  They had our table ready for us.  The salad buffet that comes with entrees was pretty fresh.  The tomato bisque soup was yummy.  Their were lots of options like regular salad mix, spinach, ham, eggs, lots of veggie variety.  The bacon balsamic dressing on spinach was delicious.  I was full off salad buffet which you can get on it's own for $6.  My entree was the special- cider chicken with two sides.  I got garlic mash potatoes and grilled asparagus- really flavorful.  Chicken was a bit dry but tasty.  My boyfriend got burger with egg and he really liked it- intense flavors.  Service was just okay- server was not knowledgable about menu, gave me dirty take out box and forgot to give us father's day discount.  Another server made up for it by giving our friend's toddler free cupcake.
1 Huge let down and it went like this:  My spouse and I arrived on a humid and hot Saturday evening at 7 p.m.  We were seated immediately, without a reservation.  As we were being led to our table, the first thing we noticed was that the AC clearly wasn't working--it was damp and hot inside!  After waiting about 10 minutes, our server arrived to take our drink order.  This poor guy was dressed in long sleeves and black dress slacks; he had longer hair slicked into a ponytail along with the fact that he clearly hadn't shaven in ages.  And--he was just drenched with sweat.  Ugh.  After we ordered our entrees (prime rib for me, steak frites for him), we eagerly went to the salad bar.  Barely average--Hometown Buffet would've been better and likely fresher.  Everything, and I mean everything appeared to be from a can (perfect little cubes of ham, chicken, whatever) and the most pale, pink, quartered tomatoes.  Wisconsin is full of fresh, delicious produce this time of year; it clearly was not apparent on this salad bar.  Also, no bacon, croutons, garnishments, etc...  When my prime rib arrived, I was pleasantly surprised--the plate looked beautiful, with a nice, medium-rare slice of prime rib along with garlic mashed potatoes and 3 stalks of grilled asparagus.  HOWEVER:  I thought it was very odd that my prime rib came with a liberal sprinkling of salt and pepper that was freshly applied on top.  I cut into it and took a bite--it was not medium-rare.  It was almost well done inside!  Although the top was reddish/dark pink, inside it was gray--like it had been cooked all the way through!  Clearly my prime rib had been MICROWAVED.  It was flavorless.  I ate a few bites and took the rest home for my dog (seriously).  My garlic "mashed potatoes" was a baked potato that had been smashed with garlic powder on it.  It was in no way marginally reminiscent of mashed potatoes in any conventional sense.  No creaminess, no butter--just solid chunks of a baked potato. No lie--a baked potato that was literally just smashed up on your plate with an odd garlicky taste.  My spouse, who had the steak frites, fared no better.  His "steak" was like the sole of a shoe--it was thin, difficult to cut and full of tendon.  He gave me a bite (I was so hoping his dinner was better than mine) and I could not chew it; I had to spit it out.  He was unable to finish it.  His frites were the highlight of the meal; they were very, very thin and crisp with butter and cilantro sprinkled on top.    As we were finishing our meal, at approximately 8:00 p.m., we looked around and noticed that the restaurant was completely empty and only two people were sitting in the bar area.  Wow.  The only thing that makes me not feel utter contempt for this place is our poor server--this guy did as much as he could right, but the look on his face spoke volumes.  He clearly knew that this was all sub-standard, but he did his best anyway.    To sum it up:  This place will be closed soon, just like it's predecessors.
5 Holy Cow! $19 for a slab of buttery prime rib, salad bar, and two sides. Speaking of cows I felt like I ate a whole cow after my most recent visit to the Chop House. I should have asked for a scooter to roll me out the door.   My neighbors told us to check out Watertower Chophouse for the best fish fry in town. They said the walleye they ate was just the best they have ever had. Following my neighbor's advice, I chose to book a table at the chophouse for a celebration with 3 other friends. I will definitely have to venture back in for the fish fry they spoke of. I dined there last night, a Wednesday, let's just say that upon entering and through out our entire visit the Chop House was more of an old school supper club. Actually it is a supper club, like the ones that are up north. The front lobby that houses the hostess stand and a stairwell for the restrooms divides the charming space. On the right side of the lobby is a dining room with with deep woods, maroon carpeting, cozy tables all perfectly aligned, and a gigantic salad bar (i'll get back to that in a minute0. To the left of the lobby is a bustling lounge with high top tables, a stage (live music is held on weekends), street view windows, and a curvature bar that you can belly up to. The bar is true supper club vibe. It has the cushiony elbow pads to let it's guests know that you will be drinking and enjoying good company at your bar stool so you should stay comfortable and order another round. That is EXACTLY what I did. We had to wait on two of our other friends to arrive so we enjoyed the most satisfying brandy old fashions and a cold draft beer while we waited. The bar service was chatty and pleasant. It looked like there were a few regulars next to us too. One of whom told us the bartender mixes up a killer martini.   Adjacent, yet separated, from the lounge by heavy wooden doors is another beautiful dining room with open airy windows, charming square tables with linens, and another huge salad bar! I had to peek in and snap a picture of this dining room to show one of my girl friends who is looking for an event space.   Ok, so enough about our stiff drinks and gay 'ole time in the lounge. Let's get to the beef! Literally, since that was the best prime rib I have had i a long time. Our waitress informed us that Wednesday night is prime rib night and it is also half off one appetizer with the purchase of two entrees. Man oh man how could we turn down an appetizer. We shared the mussels and clams. They were served in a big bowl with white wine broth with a touch of buttery flavor. Plenty of toasty bread was brought out to dunk in that broth too. All of our meals came with the enormous salad bar which boasts hot bacon dressing and homemade soup. the soup was vegetable beef. One of friends went up for seconds. A fool he was since we still had not gotten our entrees and no one knew where he would put all that scrumptious food in body. The salad bar had very fresh mixed lettuce and spinach offerings as well as all sorts of fresh colorful toppings- like anything you can think of to put on your lettuce or spinach. There were also several varieties of home made deli salads and fresh fruit. Oh, and liver pate done right too. The bean salad was so creamy yet light and refreshing.   I ordered the prime rib special. My friends order a the lamb, snapper, and salmon. The prime rib was to die for. I chose green beans drizzled with sweet and tangy balsamic glaze and tender asparagus. The snapper looked incredible. I wouldn't know because my friend would not share because she said it was too good to share and she had to eat it all to herself. I did manage to sneak a bite of the white bean, andoullie (sp) sausage and kale that accompanied that good looking fish. My other friend that ordered the lamb said his chops were perfectly seasoned and a nice pink temperature. His lamb chops also came with a small rolled up leg of lamb that was literally cut with a spoon. so tender and just slightly gamey. I will have to order that next time. The salmon dish arrived nicely glazed with citrus and had a sweet honey flavor to it. Salmon is one of my least favorite items but hers was cooked properly so the fish was delicate and flakey. Everyone loved their entrees and were pleased with what they ordered except slightly jealous of my prime rib. It was so good that I might have to keep going back for on Wednesdays, if I can cram it into my schedule, just for that slab of juicy tender bright pink beef. After all that food we were stuffed but like foodie glutons we are we ordered dessert to share around the table. We had the key lime pie and a complimentary cupcake that the waitress brought out for our friend's birthday. The key lime pie was tart and sweet with real whipped cream and tiny little specks of what looked like lime zest. The cupcake had a nice crumb texture that was moist too. The frosting........enou
4 Had a great meal here  on a Saturday evening. I ordered the filet and it was very good. The relish dish starter was nice and salad bar is great. I would not order the desserts though as they are not made in house and they were poor tasting. All tables were full but we got pretty good service for such a busy time. I would  recommend this establishment .
