5 Happened to be in town when this store opened! They had some free samples of cookies and bread. Produce looked so fresh and marked clearly if organic. Huge selection of healthy foods, gluten-free, vegan etc. Pet section too! Very friendly staff. Clean and inviting store. Wish we had one in NC! Great location in shopping strip.
5 Fresher produce than F&E, less expensive than WF! When I can get away with two grocery bags filled and spend less than $50 that's great!  Meat and produce fresh..local sourced. .organic...just like the Sprouts in Tropicana except this place is a bit smaller. Layout is the same as well.  Usually I need to make two grocery stops to get what I need but they have everything I usually buy all in one stop.  It's crazy busy but sales staff was fast and efficient. . got what I wanted and was outta there in no time.  Happy Sprouts is finally here in my hood!
5 I have to say that I was a little hesitant stepping foot in here because of a bad experience I had at the Tropicana and Pecos location. But I decided to give it a go anyway and glad that I did.  I was shocked when I saw it was actually in the old Long's Drugstore location and not the old Wild Oats location that I was originally thinking. I thought taking over the old Wild Oats would be ideal based upon similarity, but I guess they thought otherwise.  I walked in the door and was like whoa! Now I see what Sprouts fans in California are talking about. Totally different atmosphere from the ghetto Tropicana location and the W. Flamingo location. It was so clean and inviting, I felt like I was in my old Wild Oats store that used to live next door.  All of the selections they had can be found at the Tropicana location but they have even more. The upscale feel of the place was so inviting and comfortable, I didn't want to leave, despite the place being an absolute madhouse! No matter where I went, I always seemed to be in someone's way. Frustrating!   With every department I visited, I was stopped by an employee greeting me and asking if I needed assistance. What a far cry from the dingy, dirty, unwelcoming Tropicana location. When I got in line to check out, I had way more items in my basket than I have ever had at a Sprouts, and that's even dating back to when they were Sunflower Market. I think it was due to being so comfortable while shopping there. I was so happy with my experience, I told the cashier and bagger that they were all doing an amazing job and to keep it up, because I had written them off due to the Tropicana location and their poor excuse for customer service. I kid you not, it's like they're not even related!  I truly hope this one wasn't so pleasant because it is so new, so everyone has been programmed to be on their best behavior. But I would have to guess that this location will remain this way because of its very location. Better side of town. Sorry I have to sound like that, and you truly don't have to behave and operate based upon your location, but the Tropicana store does. They should consider bringing a majority of their staff here to learn how a Sprouts should be operated.  I will be back here again and again and again!
4 I'd never been to a Sprouts prior to this one opening on Stephanie but I'm *almost* hooked now. Much closer to me than Trader Joe's, I have a feeling this will become one of my favorite shopping spots. This location is new, clean, and amazingly organized! I love the selection (and prices) of fresh produce. I like the Boar's Head deli selection. And the bulk section is huge with a ton of awesome options.   Of course, being so new there are still a few kinks that need to be worked out. At busy times the deli counter seems like a bit of a cluster. One of the cashiers took FOR. FREAKING. EVER. to bag our groceries, carefully plotting which items would be bagged together. I appreciate the thoughtfulness of this but it needs to be a speedier process. Also, it was hell moving through the produce section between all the customers shopping and employees restocking.   Welcome to the neighborhood, Sprouts! I will be back often!
4 Glad to see Henderson area catching up with the rest of the world. A bit pricey, but the BLUE CHEESE BACON POTATO SALAD IS THE BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just opened so it's a bit crowded and have patience with the new checkers. The DELI COUNTER NEEDS HELP. The wait was almost 15 minutes. Lots of deli pre-packed though. CLEAN and FRIENDLY
1 I was leaving the store and one of the workers said I couldn't be let out of the left side doors coming from the checkout lanes. So no worries I walked to the other side doors to find out that they where locked too. Now I was pissed because I have to go back wait for someone to notice me so I can get let out. With two bags and a gallon of milk. Finally when I get noticed I ask if I can please go out the other doors (because it is a little bit closer to my car because I was parked at Lane Bryant) I get the cold shoulder and told to have a nice day. FU!
5 I shopped at the store on Trop and wanted to try the new one. It was jammed packed on a Saturday, BOGO's on a lot of items and it just opening I'm sure. They seemed to have more to offer, I saw a sushi station in the deli. I really like sprouts and will continue to shop here. Some of the prices are a bit high( Boars Head meats) but I am impressed with their produce and other organic options. If you enjoy the other healthier grocery stores give Sprouts a try, you won't be let down.
5 I go to the sprouts on Tropicana and Pecos all the time.  First time at the Henderson store on Stephanie and Warm Springs.  Here are a few pointers:  a. Whole Earth - I do find myself getting quite picky at Whole Earth because of the darn expensive pricing that is so over the top! Both organic and also grass fed beef!  b.  Fresh and Easy - Like their prices, yet their selection is awfully limited.  No grass fed beef.  c.  Trader Joe's - Like their prices and their selection is also limited. Between Fresh and Easy and Trader Joe's I can usually find what I want. I have tried several times to find grass fed beef. they have the organic beef, but I haven't seen grass fed beef.   Sprouts !  Great veggie and fruit selection. Great meat selection and a meat counter. Small but decent amount of Grass Fed Beef. Prices are very decent. Great prepared food section! Plenty of nuts and seed in bulk A ton of nutritional supplements and pharmacy type items  Excellent service Great value!  Everything about this place, I really enjoy.  when the Green Valley Store opens up, i will be going there a lot.
2 Located on the Corner of Stephanie and Warm springs is Sprouts.  First of all, packed parking lot. packed. Tons of people. Tons of people with their terrible driving and parking skills.  It's so funny to me that the people who shop here, you know, the ones that are sooooooo totes compassionate about the earth, and whatever else they talk about...are complete jerks.  You get in, and about 90% of the people think that this is their own personal store. Carts not pulled close to them, so like...when I want to look at cheese, I have to try and move myself, along with my cart (because it has my daughter in it) and try to squeeze between this person and their cart. And do they move it...? NO.  Only one staff member even looked at me while I was there, when I asked where their juice selection was.... There, I found juices, that were mostly from "concentrate". What happened to just regular old juice? So, I pick my concentrated juice, ($5) and keep on looking.   They did have okay selection of produce, but like another reviewer said, there is only one table that has all the green organic stickers on it. I did find a decent selection of bell peppers. But other than that, I just still feel that this place is too over priced. I mean, they want almost $7 for white vinegar. So, if your kids have the volcano baking soda science project, don't come here. Go anywhere else normal, and spend $2 for the exact same thing.   32 items comes to $100. So, about $3.12 an item. I just don't find that these prices, mixed in with the crowd, and the unfriendly staff really go together. That's just my opinion.
5 I usually shop at the sprouts on Rainbow but I stopped into this new location while I was in the area and I was in ' luh-uv' the minute I walked in. It's just so new and updated with a much better feel than any other sprouts in town. I am actually sad that I live so far away because I'd prefer to shop at this one. I always get this very zen, fluttery- heart feeling every time I walk into whole paycheck and this gave me the exact same reaction buuud it's cheaper-BONUS!   If you've never considered shopping here, I really don't know why. The meats and veggies are a good price for great quality. The produce section was super attractive and I could have spent the entire day grabbing everything.   I grabbed some meat which the family said was so fresh and delicious and the shelves carry a diverse selection of organic items. (I'm a fan)   The staff was friendly and asked me many times if I was finding everything ok, My cashier was a little slow, but she totally admitted it when I checked out and being that it's new with new employees I'm not gonna be a total dick to complain about it.   My only downside with any sprouts anywhere is the amount of rude people it attracts. I swear it never fails, no matter what location I shop at is it littered with people who believe that they are like the only ones who are visible in that store. They don't move for you, they have no courtesy what-so-ever. It's a very manner -less crowd and I can't for the life of me figure out WHY. It's such a sprouts thing, I don't feel that way when I shop at a Trader Joe's or Whole Foods.    As luck would have it, it wasn't to busy that day. There were quite a few people shopping and of coarse it wasn't without it's "privileged shoppers" [insert eye roll]  but I'm there for the quality and wholeness it offers!   I'm giving this location 5 stars because it deserves it. It really is the best location in town, so local shoppers be sure you're taking advantage. Those who aren't close enough are jealous!
4 Since it's located next to Total Wine, that makes it very convenient for me.  Parking here near the store is somewhat limited.  Or maybe it's just because they have been busy since the doors opened.    The store is filled with many organic and natural products.  They have a great selection of produce.  Always looks fresh and lovely!  The store is kept clean and organized.  I love their bulk section of dried fruits and nuts.  Pricing is reasonable with a huge variety.    Checkouts... Ugh.  I still don't receive great service here.  I seem to always choose the slowest cashier who left her personality at home.  I hope this changes in the future.    I can't do my entire grocery shopping here but I can always find something special.  :-)
4 This is my dream store, they have great sales, and carry every herb, vitamin, & supplement you could possibly imagine. On the downside, they are pricier than other markets- but for obvious reasons. I wish I could shop here every day.
4 Good nice grocery  store with regular and organic food items. I enjoy getting the basics like milk yogurt fresh fruits when in season and some other items that may look good that I may wanna try. Always good to try.
5 This is probably the best grocery store I have ever been to. The meat, fish, and produce selections are fresh and wonderful. The canned goods are of good quality, and even the dairy section is stocked with organic options, and even non-dairy options.  I personally find the produce her of top quality and a reasonable price. I used to ship at whole foods, and literally cut my grocery bill by 2/3 because of sprouts. The parking can be packed, as it is a shared parking lot, but the quality of the food is worth the parking issues.  Does the store have the occasional individual who believes he or she is better than everyone else? Yes, but I can't fault sprouts for individual behavioral shortcomings.   Going on Wednesdays and Thursday during the week, or early in the morning, is literally the best way to shop, as weekends can get busy pretty quickly. Happy shopping!!!
5 Love this place!  Much better than Fresh and Easy, a little less cheaper than Whole Foods!  The store is very clean and organized! Cashiers and workers are helpful and kind!  Sprouts provides fresh produce including fruits, vegetables, meats, seafood, baked goods, nuts, and grains! They also have a deli section-- providing a quick sandwich for lunch, if desired!  Also lots of natural, organic, and gluten-free groceries to choose from! None food related items they have are beer, wine, supplements and vitamins!  They have monthly deals and coupon books! Great place to definitely check out!
5 Best prices on fish in Las Vegas. Mostly previously frozen, buy looks better than the fresh fish in any other store. They run special discount on 2 different types weekly.  Swordfish at $5.99 a lb. Same salmon. Tilapia is $4.99. Since I'm only 2 miles away I'll buy the fish that is only on sale 2 times a week.  Peaches on sale at 99 cents for a week then $1.99 after the sale. Very fresh everything ++. I never buy organic,  but they have it in spades. Employees service is fantastic.
