3 New business that is struggling somewhat? Their customer contact is very business like with no warmth.  The food quality is ok for the price. However, call me old fashion but I think soup should be served hot. Mine was delivered warm and you felt rushed to eat it before it went to room temperature. Also they were out of a menu item and still sold it to me. They did refund the money after they realized that they were out of some of the ingredients. Also saw other customers going up and getting it themselves instead of servers taking it out. We did not experience that situation but did observe it. This just opened and management has work to do.
1 Went there last Saturday.  Service very slow.  New food prep strategy not working.  After 3 inquiries I finally got a bagel that I ordered 50 minutes prior.  Even then it was not the bagel I ordered.  I know they are new but it was very apparent that the staff was poorly, if at all, trained.  Manager really needs help.  She was overwhelmed.  Will try again, but if service is as bad as my first visit I will not come again.  They should have left my Paradise Cafe open.  It was so much better and more inviting!!
1 I'm a huge fan of paradise bakery, but this was my first experience at panera. Terrible. Service is slow, staff is obviously undertrained, the restaurant is unorganized and doesn't flow, the food was mediocre, my fork was dirty (and you have to ask the staff for another one, as they do not place them out for customers), and the espresso machine was down. I won't be going back, at least to this location.
2 I've been to other Panera Bread Co's in the Midwest - they have always been pretty popular. Me, never really been a fan and this one left me with the same impression - food-wise. Worse was - as other have said - the flow from order to service in the place. Odd layout and awkward waiting area.  Very slow service and the staff members did very little interaction, other than answering questions I had to ask to ensure I was getting the correct order. Are there two bagels there? Is this the whole order? etc. No smile. No thank you when I left.
4 Had the Power Chicken Hummus Bowl (salad) - YUM! The cilantro/jalapeño hummus with a little squirt of fresh lemon was all the flavor I needed as a dressing over the fresh spinach and chicken.
