5 The look of the new lounge is much better! The service is excellent, many flavors and tobacco brands to choose from. No liquor yet but soon. Overall great atmosphere not to mention the owners are great people.
5 This place is the best in town. Great hookah, great food, and great music! $13AYCS with no timeframe. Considering they just re-opened about a month ago, everything is stabilizing greatly! To reply to the negative comment for this lounge, the security HAS to check everyone's ID regardless if it's listed horizontal or vertical. I wouldn't want to risk anything with people under the age of 18 trying to get in if it was my business especially with how easy it is to get a fake ID in Las Vegas. So props to the security for doing their job correctly and not half ass.   Also, the old spot didn't go under water. Smoken Vegas offered them a price for their old spot they couldn't refuse. And they brought back Sitara because SOOO many people were upset that it was gone in the first place! This is surely positive signs that they were doing fantastic that multiple parties were requesting a come back.   You can totally tell that EVERYONE always has a good time. For crying out loud, there are regulars already considering they re-opened a month ago! It's the talk of the town for a reason! The comeback is definitely strong. Anyone who lives in Las Vegas or are visiting should definitely hit this place up!
5 Hookah lounges are all over Las Vegas but this one is the best in my opinion.   To the point: 1. The service is fantastic. 2. There is plenty of parking. 3. It is super easy to find. 4. The quality of tobacco/hookah products is excellent.  5. Knowledgeable staff.  I noticed the flavors and aromas were more robust than I have experienced in the past at the other places. I commented on this and found out that my observation was not insignificant.  This place  owned by a local smoke shop owner who obviously has access to many flavors and the highest quality product.  They always have fresh product. This is an excellent hookah lounge that is a must try if you are in Silverado Ranch.
