4 Don't be fooled by its weird name and cheap-looking appearance. VIP is a solid, authentic, and good Chinese/Japanese restaurant, probably the best in far West Madison as of May 2014.   Madison has experienced a real boom in authentic Chinese restaurants in the last 5 years. When I come here in 2009, I can barely name 3 restaurants than I consider a "real thing." Now the list is around 15. There was a time people had to travel to Milwaukee for authentic Chinese food, but now the traffic goes the other way around.   VIP (it says "VIP Asian Cuisine" on the store front) is the newest addition in this Chinese restaurant boom.   And, VIP distinguishes itself from other Chinese places by its very trendy and classy dining environment. It is not decorated by cheesy faux-Chinese art pieces. It is much akin to the setting that you can find in modern day bourgeois urban China, and I cannot recall being to similar place in the Midwest.   VIP's has long and comprehensive menus--one for Chinese and one for Japanese. The Chinese menu contains many Szechuan/Sichuan dishes like Fugu and Ichiban, but it also has items not to found in other places. The prices are comparable to Fugu and Ichiban, too. It definitely takes time for the first-time visitor to navigate the menu, but everything seems to be are pretty "safe" choice.    If you cannot decide, than stick to the noodle section like I did. VIP handmade their noodles, yes, handmade, so that makes all the difference if you know what I am talking about.   For less adventurous eaters, VIP also serves American Chinese, and there is an entire thick sushi menu to explore.   This restaurant is huge. It has many private and semi-private rooms for special occasions. All the servers we encountered today were very helpful and friendly. Based on my first visit, VIP is a solid and authentic Chinese restaurant. Let's see how their business will go, It has a chance to become the top Chinese restaurant in Madison.
4 I went on a Sunday afternoon with two other people. I had looked at pictures online and expected to walk into a restaurant that looked like a club. However, I thought the ambience was great. They have some very original light fixtures, a sushi bar, a regular bar, and great details on the walls. The sushi bar is the focus and center of the restaurant. It's surrounded by one side with tables and booths, price rooms on another, the bar, and then some floor seating on the far wall, near the entrance.  They have 2 menus, Japanese and Chinese. Both were big and interesting, but we stuck with the Chinese for our first shot. The other two in my group ordered the hand pulled noodles, one beef and one vegetarian. The beef was plentiful but fatty. It was perfectly cooked and had great flavor though. The book choy, broccoli, and pea pods in the vegetarian were crisp and fit perfectly in the clear broth. We had decided to try the place for the noodles and they were worth it. They were tasty and fresh, much better then Hong Kong Station's street noodles.  I ordered the crispy duck. I've had horrible luck with duck in Madison. This changed that! It wason par with what I've had in Chicago and London's China Towns. The only complaint I have for the dish was that it came with a spice rub instead of a plum or other sauce. The rub was good, I think it was salt and Szechuan pepper, but I'd prefer a dark sweet sauce.  The main complaint I had was service. We were seated properly and staff was kind and reasonably attentive. The complaint was timing. Right as we ordered another group was getting their food. They sent back a thing of noodles that they said they didn't order. It was brought in back and about a minute later our first noodle order comes out, coincidence? Then we waited 5-8 minutes for the next noodle order to come out. My duck followed this about 5 minutes later. I watched other tables, and they didn't appear to have the same issue though.  Overall great experience. $38 for three large meals and two teas. I will be back soon. I want to say to try the Japanese, but the Chinese was so good who knows. 5 stars if it weren't for the service issue.
5 My new favorite Madison restaurant. Best of the best. Elegant atmosphere, prompt service, an incredible progressive Chinese (not the usual nor traditional) and Sushi menu. The unagi maki was the best I've had, the beef soup indescribably good with chili oil and vinegar. The plain outside hides a beautiful interior-I kind of like that.
5 I am naturally suspicious of any restaurant that features ginormous menus. This place has not one giant menu, but two! Chinese (Szechuan), and Japanese. We ordered sushi from one, and Singapore noodles and Hand Pulled Noodle Veggie Soup from the other. WOW. Everything was amazing!  Sushi: we got the spicy tuna roll ($5.95), a spicy scallop roll ($5.95), and one specialty roll: "The Hot Babe" - Tuna, cucumber and Jalapeño inside, topped with shrimp and special sauce ($12.95). All of them were fantastic, and we were both in agreement that the spicy scallop was our favorite. Not too much rice, just perfect.  The Singapore street noodles ($9.95) were seriously the best we have ever had in town (and trust me, we have tried these at no less than 12 Madison establishment) - kind of an obsession, perhaps? At some places they overload with curry and salt, but at VIP the flavors are perfectly balanced, and the dish is chock full of shrimp, chicken and beef. Happily, thanks to the giant platter of sushi we started with that filled us up, we took have the noodles home for later.  We confirmed with our friendly waitress (who checked on us regularly and happily explained menu items and gave us her suggestions), that the "hand pulled noodles" were indeed made right there at VIP. Sold - we got the vegetable hand pulled noodles ($7.95) which was a giant bowl of soup. The broth was light and flavorful, and the noodles...oh, the noodles!! Clearly fresh, chewy and delicious! Happily again, we brought half of it home for later!  Our bill arrived with the same yummy guava hard candies that Ha Long Bay offers. Love those little guys! Other reviewers have mentioned the decor/ambiance. Very cool place - and the dishes and tea cups are so adorable! Though the soy sauce bowl for the sushi was almost identical to my tea cup, and I almost plunged my spicy scallop into my green tea! Stopped myself just in time. They also had quite an extensive drink/cocktail/sake/wine menu, which I hope to try on a future visit (which will likely be VERY SOON!!!!!).
3 4 for the sushi and 2 for the Chinese, 3 as a final score. Truthfully I would rate the place 4.5 if only sushi was served.  Since I am *real* Chinese born in China and living in China for the first 24 years of my life I could tell you the Chinese dishes served here is at best mediocre. However, the roll was truly good considering what you could have in Madison area.   Pros: the decor is modern, the room is spacious, decent sushi/roll, and the tables are sparse.   Cons: No real good tasting Chinese food.  Must try: VIP roll, Chef special roll.  Things to avoid: Fried rice, probably anything on the Chinese menu.
4 Once I entered to this restaurant I loved the ambiance; However, for some reason I would have loved it even more if they had like a second floor to dance. Call me crazy but I envisioned this place like that, it reminds me of a discotheque in San Antonio,Texas. My hubby and I liked this place so much that we have been there twice in a week :) the only reason I gave them 4 stars is because of their prices :]  The first time I tried the hibachi chicken (it came with a fried rice volcanoe and sautéed zucchini with mushrooms and three pieces of shrimp), despite the huge amount of rice the dish has a nice balance of flavors. I liked the shrimp so much the second time we were there I had to order the hibachi shrimp instead, the texture is great, the perfect crunch in every bite. My hubby had some pork dumplings from the appetizer section and he liked them, he said they were tasty and tender. We also tried some sushi, the California roll and the shrimp tempura, both were good, especially the California one, what I liked the most of their sushi is that everything tasted fresh and you don't taste "the warmth of the hand"of the person who made them, I don't know if you understand what I mean, but that's the way I perceive it.  They have a big square table in the middle where you can see how they make the sushi so I think this place could be the perfect place to have some cocktails and sushi with friends or your loved one. I can't wait to come back :)
4 Watch out Japanese sushi restaurants and Szechuan Chinese restaurants, you have a formidable new rival and VIP serves up both, really, really well.  Located next to Saigon Noodles in a separate parking lot, this is the new kid on the block.  The sushi isn't just decent for Madison, it's really really good.    If you can't decide what noodle soup to order, start with the beef noodle soup, they make their hand pulled noodles in house.
5 Don't know where these 3 score comes from. This place is perfect for me!!! I even want to cry when I tasted the beef ramen which is hand-pulled and with delicious soup. This restaurant offers really Chinese and Japanese food, not the American Chinese food. The sashimi is very fresh! The sushi is also amazing! And the price is much more reasonable than other Chinese restaurant in Madison.  I feel falling in love with this place after dinner and definitely will come again every weekend. A fantastic restaurant !!!!!
4 We were pleasantly impressed by this place- the location has been many other restaurants in the past- it's got an ugly exterior and just looks weird.  BUT when I walked in, I totally felt like a VIP!  The interior decor is beautiful- very classy with huge sushi bar in the center and alcohol bar towards back wall.  The bathroom was pretty.  Ok- onto the food.  There are two extensive menus- one with Chinese cuisine and one with Japanese stuff like sushi and bento box.  I thought sushi sounded delish but was a bit pricey.   Chinese stuff looked really good too.  We both ended up getting bowl of hand pulled noodles- I got roasted duck and my boyfriend got beef tendon.  Whoa!  It was amazing!  My bowl came with a good amount of duck plus three pieces of fresh bok choy.  The beef tendon was so delicious and flavorful.   Both our broth tasted similar but it was so good.  It didn't taste like they just threw in a bunch of MSG.  I am going back at lunch to try sushi (was priced much better). By the way, our noodles were only $8.95 each bowl which I thought was very reasonable.  This place was so nicely decorated, I can easily see it hosting weddings, etc.  But everyone there was dressed very casual-  I had arrived in my workout clothes and I felt alright.  It's a four star for now since I haven't tried sushi- I hope to eventually give this place five stars after trying other dishes.  Service was professional and friendly- very efficient with order, requests for chili sauce and bill.
4 Solid food, great everytime. I really like the Salt and Pepper Shrimp.. I love to order pickup from here
5 Came here with a bunch of fellow Yelpers on a Tuesday night, and must say that I was fairly impressed with their food.  I definitely came in here with some reservations, not really expecting authenticity and taste to be VIP's strong points given their extremely modern ambiance. I was expecting more along the lines of high quality American-Chinese food that's served at PF Chang's.  Their huge menu, separated into a Sushi menu and Chinese menu, also threw a warning flag for me as I feel like they might be spread too thin.   Thus, given my aforementioned hesitations, I was extremely surprised and impressed to find not only high quality food, but also the authentic taste that comes along with traditional Chinese dishes.   While everyone ordered their own dishes, we passed everything around and sampled most things.  Some of my personal favorites were: Roast duck hand-pulled noodles (highly recommend getting one of their hand-pulled noodles) Sliced beef maw in chili sauce (traditional Szechuan cold appetizer)  Pork dumplings in chili sauce (can't go wrong with dumplings right?) House special pork spare ribs Stir fried string beans  Fried ice cream  Honestly, everything was pretty delicious, from their sushi to their Chinese dishes. They also make a killer mojito that's light and refreshing.   My biggest surprise, however, was how affordable everything was. The hand-pulled noodles ran from $8-9 for a huge bowl. Most entrees were within $10-12. For such a modern and sleek interior, I definitely expected some jacked up prices.   Everything being said, I can comfortably say that VIP is one of the better Chinese restaurants in town :)
4 After my recent visit to this restaurant, their stylish décor and the consistent parade of beautifully plated dishes from the kitchen had me convinced that VIP stands for Visually Impressive Presentation. Despite a menu that rivals the unabridged version of "War & Peace" in girth, the food generally pleased my palette as much as it did my eyes.  While my dining party experienced some service hiccups, I definitely plan to return to VIP.  Since I showed up before the majority of our party of twelve arrived, one of the servers gave me a tour of the restaurant.  The massive sushi bar, bathed in blue light, immediately catches your eye as you enter the front door.  Also impressive is the elegant bar area, a perfect resting spot during your wait for a table.  There are numerous private dining areas scattered throughout the facility, including several intimate, traditional Japanese-style dining rooms, and several rooms geared to serve 8 to 10 dinners (including one table with a built-in lazy Susan to facilitate the sharing of menu items with your fellow tablemates).  While the setting is elegant enough to impress a date, I did not feel out of place wearing a t-shirt and shorts.  Pro tip:  If you are hopelessly indecisive about choosing an entree, go on-line and review the menu before visiting VIP.  We had to shoo away our server several times as members of our group mulled over the plethora of enticing options.  Speaking of the menu, there is something for everyone.  From traditional Chinese-American dishes like Kung Pao to the authentic (sliced pork ears or cow heels, anyone?), there is something for everyone (including a small kid's menu).  Prices are fair, factoring in the generous portion sizes.  Overall, our server did an admirable job with our table.  She helped advise the indecisive members our group, keenly monitored beverage levels and cleared the table of an armada of dirty serving plates as we munched through a never-ending array of appetizers and entrees.  The one area of frustration was the piecemeal delivery of the entrees - a good ten minutes elapsed between the delivery of the first set of entrees and the last.  Our server failed to notify us there would be such a long delay, so it created that awkward situation of trying to decide to dig in while the food was hot or be polite and wait for the delivery of all the entrees.  Bonus points for giving us the option of separate checks, very cool, VIP, very cool.  Overall, the quality of the food got high marks.  My appetizer, the beef negimaki ($7.50), was a delicious start to my meal.  The light sear on the beef intensified the flavor of the meat and the teriyaki sauce complimented, rather than overwhelmed the other flavors.  I also noticed how well the meat was trimmed, with no fat or gristle to detract from the texture.  My entrée, the special garlic spare ribs ($12.95), also impressed.  Deep-fried, but not greasy, the garlicky crunch of the exterior gave way to a moist, unctuous interior, especially the bone-in pieces.  I sampled over a dozen other dishes that night.  A couple of the standouts included the sliced beef maw in chili sauce appetizer and the delectable stir-fried beef with cumin powder.  The Lady Gaga roll was pretty in pink and visually stunning.  To my amazement, the fried ice cream also was excellent, infinitely better than the disastrous version I recently experienced at Casa del Sol (shudder).  A couple of the dishes fell flat.  The crispy duck was anything but.  The flabby skin would have benefited from more rendering of the underlying fat.  The fried string beans suffered from a copious dose of salt.  Overall, the good far outweighed the mediocre, especially considering the incredible breadth of the menu.  If you find yourself looking for a dining adventure on the culinary wasteland that is Madison's west side, a visit to this restaurant will have you feeling like a VIP.
4 After reading a witty yelpers review, the girls and I decided to try for lunch. We tookhis advice and looked up their menu. We went with the sushi OMG n tried the fried ice cream as suggested. Thank you yelper for great advice. Can't wait to go back
5 After reading some great reviews, my friend and I decided to go there. I got the hand-pulled beef tendon noodle and my friend got chicken hibachi. They were both very authentic and delicious. The hand-pulled noodle was actually pulled by hand in the way it was supposed to be.   The waitress was nice, the service was superb. The price range is somewhat between $ and $$. There are lots of lower-priced options on the menu.  Definitely will go back.
4 They have great sushi, hand-pulled noodle, and full service bar. I find that the above mentioned are the things that attract most customers.   The other Chinese dishes, unfortunately, are inconsistent. The meat can be too salty and the soup laden with msg.  I will definitely return but refrain from ordering the Chinese stir fry.
5 My husband and I LOVE this place.  The service is OUTSTANDING and the food is delicious!
