4 New ramen place in town located at the same plaza as Kihn Do and HK Seafood Garden. Thanks God that it's not quite the same as the other ramen places in town. They specialized only in Miso Ramen. No Tonkotsu or Shio Ramen.   The restaurant has signs everywhere that telling you about how healthy their miso ramen is. Their wall and menu have information about the benefit of miso.  Each table has calories comparison of burger, tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen. Based on their note, a basic miso ramen only has 600 calories.  Misoya Tomi is located around the world. Other than U.S.A and Japan, they also have a location in Taiwan, Brazil, Thailand, and Canada. Although, the owner told me that they are not a franchise and not all of the Misoya own by the same owner.   Their basic miso flavors are mild Kome Miso (Hokkaido Style), sweet Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style), and bitter Mame Miso (Nagoya Style).  Cha-Shu Kome Miso has fried potato, Cha-Shu Shiro Miso has fried tofu, and Cha-Shu Mame Miso has Ebi Fry (Fried Shrimp).  Their Chasu has a very mild flavor. Chasu has been slow roasted in the oven and grilled before serving. I like the thickness, texture and the tenderness of the Chasu. Flavor wise, maybe not as rich as the other tonkotsu ramen place, but it also has less fat and feels a tad more healthier.   One thing that I noticed about their ramen, this is the first Japanese ramen place that  I didn't end up feeling thirsty after eating ramen. Most of other ramen places in town always make me feel very thirsty. I'm not sure if that's because of the salt or the MSG.  I actually feel good and satisfied with their miso ramen.    Their price is a little bit more expensive compares with Sora or Monta.   They also have a Japanese menu hanging down from the bar area kind of like Ichiza style . But it's all in Kanji, so I have no idea what they say.  There is a complimentary lychee sorbet after I finish my ramen. It actually pretty tasty, it has an actual lychee in it. Even though its rather small, but still a nice way to cleanse my palate.   I also got a point card, a free gyoza for every 5 ramen. I'll be back to try their other miso ramen.
3 Visited today (5/11/14) and I am not sure if I like this place. They just opened so I guess I just have to come back later and give this place another try.  ATMOSPHERE Very spacious and this place really reminded me of traditional Japanese teisyoku restaurant. I felt like I was in Japan! Yellow papers above the counters are decoration for now but I believe they are going to be added to the menu later (Some paper said kimchi ramen, spicy ramen, katsudon, etc. Can't wait to try those!)  SERVICE They just opened so I understand that they are still lost on some part but 3 ramen that my group ordered took over 20 minutes. Kitchen people looked frustrated and was giving off a negative vibe/attitude. They gave us a small side dish as an apology for the long wait. Seemed like all of the tables waited over 20/30 mins for theirs too. Need some patience if you are coming here.  RAMEN They offer 3 different broth. Hokkaido style, Nagoya style and Kyoto style. My group each ordered different broth and we all agreed that Hokkaido style is the best. FYI Kyoto style (shiro) is sweet. I personally liked Hokkaido and Nagoya style.  After choosing your broth, you choose the topping. Chashu seems to be the most popular but they also have Yasai (vegetables) for a healthier option. Besides those, you can add toppings like corn, egg, potato, etc. So many options to choose from!  I ordered the karaage ramen because I never had anything like that. Karaage is usually an appetizer so I thought combining that with ramen is an interesting combination. Turns out, it was too oily for me. It came with 3 pieces of karaage, a fried shrimp, ground beef and lots of bean sprouts. It's so oily that you can see a layer of oil on the soup.   DESSERT They gave us a lychee ice cream at the end. It was so refreshing after the oily ramen I had. Loved it.  CONCLUSION Not a fan, yet. I just have to come back later to give it another try. When we left the store, one of the server came outside and apologized for the long wait. I thought it was really nice, not because she apologized for the wait but because it's the type of customer service you get in Japan but you rarely get here in U.S. It just shows they truly care about their business and are still improving.
5 This new ramen joint is another one of those that recently opened up on spring mountain rd by china town. They are specialized in miso flavored ramen and you get to choose from 3 different types. Have tried all 3. My favorite will be the shiro miso.   The atmosphere reminds me of the ramen shops in japan. Nothing fancy but relaxing. They have an open kitchen which to me is always a plus cuz you get to watch the chefs prepare your food.   Tried their side dishes as well such as gyoza dumplings and fried chicken. Decent. Their chashu pork is awesome too. Very thick and flavorful. The only thing negative or I should say my recommendation will be to have them try making the soup more hot. It's all preference but I just like my ramen to be super hot but overall, fantastic. I'll definitely come back again.
3 My ramen was ok but my wife's ramen was served warm, not hot as any ramen should be so she complained. The japanese server was very apologetic, she even followed us outside after paying to apologize again. Perhaps they are trying hard to improve.
5 Best ramen place in Vegas, very healthy, authentic and great service.  Their Cha-shu come with 3 thick slices and juicy. Must try.  Noodle is also thicker than most ramen places,  soup is all natural flavor of miso, not salty just right,  you don't get so thirsty.  Highly recommended who wants to try a real Japanese miso ramen.
4 For those that find Monta salty and crave for the chewier noodles and miso flavors of Sora, Misoya might be your happy medium.  The place is stark, white, yellow and clean.  I wish they had painted the walls a different color to give the place a little more warmth.   The service is very friendly, but make sure you are very clear about your orders or you will get lost in translation.  We asked for a to-go box for the rice and got a rice bowl meal instead.    We ordered the chasu Shiro and chasu Kome ramen.  I read on a review here that the Shiro broth had sweeter flavors and hubby liked that.  The Kome broth is less rich than Monta and Sora, I missed the oilier broth that chills in the refrigerator into a gelatinous form (not this one, perhaps there is more miso than bones as base).  Also, there are healthier topping options here.  On the Shiro bowl there was corn, tofu, potato, salad greens.  On the Kome were corn, bean sprouts, cabbage, salad greens.  Personally, I didn't really care for the greens (but they made the bowl look pretty). The ground beef that came with both bowls were very tasty, I actually enjoyed it a lot more than their chasu.... Which was a shame because their chasu cuts were exceptional - thick, meaty with only a sliver of fat and grilled, so it had a nice smoky favor.  Problem is it was bland.  It was, huhu.  I wish they would marinate this more and it would be the bomb.    The gyoza was standard, nothing memorable.  We also ordered the Japanese style chicken karaage which was served with sauced grated radish and green onions.  This unfortunately was a miss for us.  It was very bland and the toppings made the chicken soggy.  We never leave karaage on our plates and we could not finish this one.  Sniff.  Thank goodness a delightful free surprise came in the end of our meal - yuzu sorbet!  YUM.  This is not as sour as most sorbets I've tried and it was a perfect ending to a heavy ramen meal.  If we weren't so full we would've ordered more.  I wanted a whole shake of this!  All in all, we left Misoya quite happy with the ramen we had.  We just asked for spicy miso paste and slathered some on our chasu and all was good.  Would we go back?  Their yuzu sorbet will be haunting me for a few more days, but I think I'll revert back to Monta for my ramen fix.  If you find Monta too salty and oily, then you will most likely be camping happily here at Misoyasplease.
4 Back when we lived in Silicon Valley, my wife really liked Misoya in Santa Clara. In fact, their miso ramen was her favorite.  So... we were excited to hear that Misoya now has a location here in Vegas! We had shiro miso and kome miso, and those bowls of ramen didn't disappoint.  The most notable item: Chashu. Their char flavored chashu is the best!
5 A interesting take on Ramen, glad I have a chance to experience it in the Beginning! So why the 5? Because for once I feel full off of eating just the bowl of Ramen! Usually I give 4, because it's not hard to mess up Ramen *cough* (Hiromaru) ::  I like the flavor and the noodle type!  Waitress was super attentative, you can tell she likes to work:
4 Cute little ramen place that just opened not too long ago. My friend and I were looking for a ramen place that was open late because our usual spots were already closed. During the weekdays they close at midnight and the weekends at 2 am. Service was really quick considering it was only us and one other person there. Our waitress was super nice. Portions are a little bigger than what I'm used to, but their prices are also a little higher than most ramen places I've been to. We also received free lychee sorbert which was really yummy! Can't wait to come back :) They also have a stamp card.
4 A little different from the other Ramen Shops in town. In a good way. The restaurant is bright and simply decorated, but comfortable.   My boyfriend chose the Shiro Miso Chasu, and I got the Spicy Shiro Miso. The spicy was not particularly spicy to me, but it was flavorful, and sweeter than I expected. Lots of greens and veggies in the bowl, which I liked. I wasn't a big fan of the chasu though, as it was grilled, and not tender, the way  I like. I'll probably get the one with just vegetables next time.   It was a little more expensive than other places, but the portions were HUGE, so I can't complain.   Also, the complimentary lychee sorbet was the perfect way to finish a meal. I'll be coming back to try the Kome and Mame styles.
2 I have mixed reviews about this new ramen joint in town.  Although the service was excellent and the presentation of the food was very nice, the time (15 minutes wait) it took to prepare the food was not so good.  I ordered their cha-shu kome miso ramen and you can tell they really took their time to prepare it.  The char shu was grilled perfectly. The miso broth was okay but the addition of a couple of soggy french fries to the miso broth was a little weird to me.  I also think it's a little pricey for what you get, but luckily their special right now is extra ramen ($1.25 value) for free.  I also ordered their fried rice and this was a big disappointment.  The fried rice was so basic with just scrambled eggs in it.  Definitely not worth the $5.  Not sure if I would go back to try anything else.
4 Even if you aren't a huge fan of miso, don't be afraid to give this place a try! I like miso soup, but I usually don't like miso anything else, so I was apprehensive. But I ordered the cha shu Kome/Hokkaido style ramen and really enjoyed it!  It came with 3 large pieces of cha shu, bean sprouts, cabbage, ground pork, corn, fried potato and bamboo shoots. The noodles had an al dente texture. I didn't add anything extra and it was very filling! We also got a side of fried rice - I liked it, but my husband prefers the drier style of fried rice. The complimentary lychee sorbet was a great end to the meal!   Service was on point - the staff was friendly and attentive.   This style of ramen is definitely different from Monta or Ramen Sora, but worth a try!
5 I have tried just about every Ramen spot in town and this place is my new favorite! I had the Shiro ramen and had some added toppings. I can't express how amazingly perfect the chashu was. So thick and i like the way they grill it. The fried rice was excellent as well. The cheese gyoza was a unique awesome side dish. And the service was as good as it gets, extremely attentive and willing to help us first timers. All in all this place and Fukumimi are the best ramen spots in town hands down!
5 The best Ramen in Vegas hands down.    I've had all 3 - Kome, Shiro, and Mame and they are all good.  They are all Miso based and stocked with tons of veggies and al dente noodles.   The cha shu pieces were big, grilled, and very tasty.  They have free wifi, service is exceptional, and the ramen is levels ahead of all the competitors and i've pretty much been to every Vegas ramen shop.  They specialize in Miso and offers ramen specialties unlike any of its competitors.  With the ramen expansion/over saturation over the course of recent  years, i hope this place blows up.  It deserves your business.   As mentioned, stay away from the fried rice.  Stick to the Ramens - I rank them in the same order as it appears in the menu:  Kome, Shiro, Mame but they are all awesome!
4 I generally prefer tonkatsu broth because it's fattier and I love anything with lots of fat content, but this ramen is better than the miso based broths at the other ramen locations.  I tried the Kome and Mame and I favor the Mame broth flavor over the Kome.  There were some weird notes that keep it from being a 5 star rating, the Kome comes with fried potato...which was just french fries thrown into the broth.  I was expecting a potato croquette or something a little more Japanese.  Also, in terms of the greens...I much prefer green onions over spring mix tossed on top.  Soggy salad really doesn't taste too appetizing.  I noticed in the pictures...other people had green onions and not random spring mix.  Perhaps it was the time of day....but I'm willing to give this place another chance and hope it's not quite as odd the 2nd time around.  However, the noodles here are my favorite out of all the ramen locations.  They are thick and chewy and cooked al dente.  The chashu I wish was a little more flavorful, but it was a good ratio of meat to fat.  The Mame was my favorite since it came with a legit shrimp tempura and the broth seemed richer in flavor than the Kome.  We also tried the karaage, but it seemed a little oily and the coating wasn't as crispy as I like.  They do end the meal on a very good note, we were given free yuzu sorbet.  The sorbet was light and refreshing....I would probably order this if it was on the menu!  They also have a stamp card, so if you eat enough bowls you get free gyoza =)
4 Haven't had a great miso ramen like this in a long time.   Finally a place that serves good basic ramen.   Wished they served shoyu and shio flavor too.  There are plenty of tonkotsu soup base ramen house in town. As far as miso is concerned I think Misoya is the best in town.
5 Best ramen in town! It's simple and quaint, it resembles a traditional Japanese ramen shop. The most important aspect of this place isn't just the flavor of the ramen's itself but it's service. The staff are so warm and hospitable, very reflective of the culture. Please keep in mind they emphasize on Miso base ramen. The menu is divided into three sections Miso ramen from Hokkaido up north (sweet, full bodied) and Nagaya ramen from south (bitter taste) and of also course Shiro miso. They will bring out an special appetizer menu that varies from month to month. What is unique about the menu is that they have a section displaying all the health benefits of ramen which I find to be pretty Awesome! One bowl of ramen is between 700-900 calories, I can deal with that :-) I ordered the spicy miso ramen (Hokkaido) with a request for extra corn. You have the option to add additional toppings. My friend had the Chasu ramen (Hokkaido). Also, we tried the special karage fried chicken, it was a little too greasy but great in flavor. Both soup flavors were amazing, I enjoyed slurping my freshly cooked ramen. Did I mention while we slurped away, we all cheered on the World Cup game, what a great time! At the end the server and owner gave us complimentary gelato, what a nice touch. I really was surprised by their level of service, worth the trip alone!
4 This was my first time going to a Ramen house, but I was lucky enough to have a Japanese friend with me.   Do not be afraid to explore this place on your own. Use these tips.    The menu is broken down into 3 parts...Each with a slightly different broth from different regions in Japan. 1. Left side is Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) - full-bodied broth  2. Center is Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style) - fruity and natural 3. Right side is Mame Miso (Nagoya Style) - bitter finish  You can order from any pre-fixed menu item and then add many toppings as you like.   I ordered the Kome Miso (Hokkaido style) #4 Spicy Ramen and it was good. I loved the pork in it. For spicy ramen, it was pretty mild and I wish I would have gotten the extra spicy add on. I did get the fried chicken and fried shrimp add on, and both were delicious!  I highly suggest to add the chicken to any dish you get.    So, don't be afraid to come here. They speak English and the menu is in English too!  Use the tips I gave you and go for it!!It's worth trying!!
5 Their version of miso ramen is so distinct from all the other miso ramen offerings around town!    It has a truly complex miso flavor, complete with various sweet, savory, almost funky (in a good way!) fermented undertones.  The noodles are thick and tasty with a great bite to them.  The chashu slices were grilled, which lent a nice savory charred flavor to the dish.    This place is probably as good as it gets in terms of miso ramen, and I'd definitely come back.  Plus, there's complimentary lychee sorbet for dessert (not sure if this is just a grand opening thing) along with a stamp card for free gyoza after 5 visits!
4 This restaurant is still a hidden gem and a great alternative if you do not want to wait in line at Monta Ramen.  But Monta Ramen is still some of the best ramen I have ever had in my life.    The ramen here is nothing special and as you eat it may slowly start to taste bland but this is still better than any place in Houston Texas where I am from so 4 stars!  Also note the chasu is a very hearty portion and I do not recommend the fried chicken.
2 I'm a fan of Japanese ramen, and a frequent visitor at Sora and Monta.   I went to Misoya Tomi with couple of my coworkers for lunch after reading some good reviews from my friends.   We were all very disappointed!    We all ordered Kome lunch special.    Broth:  Bland!  Maybe we're used to stronger flavor at Sora and Monta, but it's just not good.  Noodles:  Thicker noodle and el dente, but it does not come together well with the broth.    Cha Shu:  Thicker and Grilled.  Dry, flavorless, chewy/tough!  I ordered 2 but only ate one.  It's like chewing on rubber.  At Sora, the cha shu comes together with the noodle and broth so well that it tastes like they all have been simmering together for some time.  Fries:  Why are there fries in the soup?  It's not bad but doesn't really make sense.  Veggies:  overall A-ok.  Lots of beans sprouts in the soup, some bok choy and cabbage.  Menu/Price:  One of my biggest complaints.  Over $11 for a bowl of noodle soup without any cha shu???  you'll need to add chashu for over a $1 per piece.  So a regular bowl of ramen at Sora that costs $7-8 is valued at $13 here.  Even though for lunch special the $11 includes a side with the options of fried rice, gyoza, or fried chicken,  I wasn't impressed on any of the side dishes.    Air Conditioning:  None  Service:  Overall A-OK.  It's definitely under staffed.  It took a good 20-30 minutes to get our ramen, and we were the only customers when we walked in around 1215.  Then the place got busy at around 1240, so it took forever to get our check.    Random Rant:  Their chili oil container is not convenient.  I got chili all over my hand.  Overall:  I was gonna give it 3 stars considering it's my first time there, but my two coworkers gave it a 1 star and 2 star...I'm going to stick with Sora and Monta.  Anyone wants my stamp card?
5 we used to eat ramen at ramen sora, compared to sora, they gave u a lot of vegetables, which makes me feel less guilty everytime eating ramen, the soup tastes good, sora's miso soup is too salty, i still like sora's cha shao kinkda melting in your mouth, cha shao here is a bit chewy. also its a bit pricy here, egg and green onion are addons. and u need to pay 1.9 for a cup of tea.
4 HATE  Nothing.  DISLIKE  Chashu pork was a little tough & fatty. Floor space isn't utilized efficiently for seating (especially near the door).  LIKE  The three types of miso ramen. The soup spoon that can fit more than soup in it. The selection of toppings. Free wifi. The complimentary sorbet.  LOVE  The enthusiastic Japanese server who greeted & thanked all customers in addition to waiting on them.
3 Pretty good ramen but I wouldn't say it was the best. They have three different kinds of miso ramen (white, bean, rice) and it was pretty pricey for a regular ramen. They do have free wifi, which was awesome and the waiters were very friendly. I might come back.. Maybe.
3 Went there the other night with a friend. We were originally going to go to Sora, but there was a waiting list of 4 parties and the place was packed, so we decided to try something new instead. I ordered the Kome Spicy Miso, extra spicy with extra green onion and extra noodles on the side. For the price, you sure do get a big portion! Bigger than any other ramen joint in town. As for taste, it smelled better than the actual taste of it. Even though I ordered it extra spicy, it wasn't that spicy. I had to put a ton of chili oil in to bring up to standard. It was pretty good overall though as far as the taste of a rich miso is concerned. Definitely a good backup option. Honestly I'm still tied between Sora and Fukumimi for who has the best ramen in town.
