5 My wife has been looking for a good place to call "home" when it comes to feeling like the queen that she is.  Of course I wanted her to get the 5 star treatment and we saw this place a few weeks ago while we were our shopping at Kohl's.  I had my son with me and I treated the wife to a pedicure and manicure with gel (whatever it is called).  Anyway, I was greeted by all the staff, felt very welcomed by them although I had a 16 month year old who kept running around the salon.  They were patient and didn't mind he destroyed a magazine.  Hard to find good souls who appreciate honest patron business.  Highly recommend, thank you for your patience and most importantly for making me the hero for the day!!!
5 Great service, great people! My new place to go for gels and pedis! Tami is the best!!
5 Since moving to Vegas a little over three years ago, there have been many hair and nail salons that have come and gone!   I am pretty particular about my nails and wanted to find a reputable business that does an excellent job but is also friendly and professional!  I made an appointment at The Mirror, Mirror Salon last week since I was going to be in the area doing a bit of shopping at Kohls which is co-located in the same shopping mall.  Was it a little unique to find??    Yup!    The sign overhead the entrance to the salon says, Paradise Salon.   What was that all about, I asked myself.   It seems that the new owner is looking to put a new sign up but needs permission from the City!     I hope she gets it soon since this nail and hair salon is amazing and I would hate for them to be passed up because someone couldn't find them!  NAILS:   Tami, the owner and one of the nail techs is fabulous.   She is very precise and takes her time to get it just right!   I hope to get my pedi and hair done there as well since the decor and ambiance is simply lovely!   The place is clean, feels like a high end spa, and has very friendly folks.  I would definately give this wonderful salon a try!    You won't be sorry!
