5 Hands down the best tacos in North Las Vegas. The Pastor tacos with Chipotle Salsa is a win, win! This restaurant is family owned and operated, great customer service a must try!
3 The salsa was spicy and flavorful. They were almost a 2 star because of the slow service and dirty tables. Since this is the first week they are open, I am giving them a break. The staff is friendly and they are really trying. They did give out free churros and apologized for the wait. I am sure we will be back and hopefully by then everything will be running smoothly. Try the carne asada tacos, the meat was on the thick side but tender and well seasoned. For $2 each for street tacos, I feel that Tacos El Gordo is the better buy. Good tacos for a neighborhood joint though.
2 The newly opened Martinez Taco Bar is a family run joint located in the Aliante area, just East of the 215. Inside the restaurant you'll find a handful of tables, a couple booths and the counter with built in salsa bar and a somewhat open kitchen behind it. For as big as this location is, the dining area is fairly small but luckily, additional seating can be found outside.  Alongside traditional items like tacos and burritos, MTB is also serving up some surf 'n turf options, signature tacos and even burrito bowls. Pricing is similar to other taco joints with tacos ringing in at $2, vampiros at $4 and burritos at $7. It appears that they run specials, or plan to at some time as there was a white board in the window with prices that didn't match either the menu, or their hand written chalkboard sign inside.   Of course I had to try their al pastor! For whatever reason, the spit wasn't going and I assume they pre-cut the meat. If you prefer nice, thin slices of al pastor, you won't find it here. The meats cut chunky and it's also pretty crispy, almost to the point of being burnt. Flavor was okay but nothing great and because it was overcooked, it was a bit dry.   In hopes to sample some other meats they offer, I ordered a pollo asado and carne asada taco as well. They must have mixed up my order because I only ended up with 2 al pastor and 2 carne asada tacos. No biggie but a bit disappointing. Thankfully, the carne asada was much better than the al pastor and although it was also cut really thick, it remained tender and juicy. The flavor was great and didn't need any sauce to be enjoyed.  A big part of the problem, aside from the meats, is the proportion of the tacos. One of them only had 1 tortilla and the others had 2 but they were really dry. Toppings wise, there was a huge amount of salsa and very little onions or cilantro. I had asked for pineapple on my al pastor tacos, which they confirmed twice, but ultimately forgot to add. While the sauce is decent and has a good bite, they put on way too much and it overpowers everything else. It's also much hotter then I expected and even though I love hot food, it was too hot for my son and he couldn't even finish eating.  MTB is not a full service restaurant and even though the counter service was great, they were understaffed and overwhelmed. Unfortunately, it showed. They only had one cook working at the time and even though they weren't super busy, it did take quite a while to get our food. And not only did they mess up our order, but several other guests around us had errors in theirs.   Some simple planning and a couple extra hands would most likely make a huge difference in quality here. I do think they have potential and because of that, I'll come back in a month or so when they hopefully got the kinks worked out. But for now, unfortunately my dreams of getting a good taco spot in our neck of the woods have been crushed again!
4 Vegetarian options make this a new favorite spot for my family.  Had the Mushroom & Zucchini tacos. Delicious!! Tried the Soyrizo burrito with rice added. Delicious!  Burritos are pricier and smaller than Robertos or Chipotles,  but I'll keep coming due to the vegan taco options.
2 I LOVE TACOS ! ! ! ! !  Just not these....   I was looking forward to delicious tacos on Cinco De Mayo, but Sadly I cannot claim this my favorite taco joint. Nothing screamed delicious at me and If I wouldn't have been starved, I might not have finished my vampiro. The salsa they included on it was so extremely spicy I had to chug the Dr. Pepper we were sharing. Our poor son was still hungry after leaving because he couldn't finish his tacos due to the heat. Our mouths were on FIRE! The boyfriend didn't mind it too much, but he's always had a thing for spicy.   The meat had flavor just no moisture. The taco filling ratio was off - not enough meat to toppings. They messed up our order in a few ways which is understandable since it was busy and there was only one cook (I'm assuming it was the husband).   It's a great location and a nice atmosphere on the inside, but I don't think I'll be back. Not unless the boyfriend wants to try it again later down the road. I won't be going out of my way though.
1 My sons and I tried this place tonight and I was truly disappointed.  I ordered the carne asada nachos and all they served were chips, shredded cheese and little pieces of meat.  My 7 year old could have made these.  No flavor, the cheese was not melted, no guacamole, no onions, nothing as a topping.  The quesadilla my son ordered was burned and the chorizo burrito my other son ordered had a weird flavor.  Anyone who knows me, knows I don't complain about restaurants and willing to always try something here.  This was one place I regret trying and will not be going back.  Epic failure!
1 I came from the east side of town were they had the little taco stands in every corner.. So moving to this side of town, I was disappointed to find that there isn't a taco place that screams out "hey! Try these street tacos" so when I found out that they were opening this taco bar I was excited I thought it was going to be my taco place.. Well when I finally did go.. I was disappointed in the price, the taste, and wrong order.. First the they are very expensive!!! I payed 30$for 2 burritos and 4 tacos with 2 drinks.. I usually pay around 22$ and that's with a few more tacos and drinks added to that.. Second it didn't taste like real Mexican street tacos and the burrito a were super thin!! They look like I could go make them at home.. The beans tasted like the ones you buy in the can...  I wanted rice with my burrito aswell and they did not add it to it.. I mean a really good mexican bar would add rice and beans in their burritos! No one or the other especially for $7+ .. I wasn't impressed... Now I'm stuck driving back to the east side for good tacos..
1 I am so, so, so disappointed that I have to write this review.  I've been looking forward to Martinez Taco Bar ever since I read it was coming to the Aliante Marketplace.  I waited a couple weeks before trying, hoping that any issues would be worked out.  I'm so very sad to say that this place is awful, and I will not be returning unless some major changes occur.  The restaurant itself is small, but clean and nice.  The decor is a little cheesy, but bright and cozy.  I like the outdoor seating options.  The woman at the counter was nice, and the cook was super slow.  It took about 15 minutes for 2 tacos, and this was after the dinner rush on a week night.  I ordered 2 street tacos, one steak and one pork.  The meat was literally just gristle.  It was so bad that I couldn't tell the steak from pork by taste.  Also, the toppings were pathetic.  Maybe 2 cilantro leaves and 4 pieces of onion.  So stingy.  The tortillas are store bought and they were gross.  Something was also way off with the temperature.  I took 2 bites from each taco and threw them away (and I HATE wasting food).    Maybe after some good quality control (the soda machine had 3 of 6 flavors "out of order") and more generous, fresher ingredients, maybe this place can be saved.  For now, I'd eat anything at Taco Bell over this place.  Thumbs down.
1 This place really sucks!!!!! I also was so looking forward to a good taco joint in this side of town, but this place a total disappointment! I ordered two tacos and the lady at the front suggested we order the super tacos. I expected big tacos, but instead I got a really small portion. The meat had no flavor and the tortilla was hard. They also had no napkins. For being a new place, we expected them to be at the top of their game. Serving fresh quality food. If I could give this place zero stars I would! We are not coming back!
5 I have been here twice, i am so glad an authentic mexican place is finally in this part of town.  The lady at the front desk is always nice and helpful. I love their meat, especially their pork as it is very flavorful. They always give large helping of meat and guacamole in each taco so make sure you pick up napkins before you start eating!
1 Didn't even get a chance to try this place. Tried calling in to make sure they were open before we ventured out, but the clerk that answered the phone was incredibly rude. I didn't hear him the first time and his response was "DID I STUTTER?" Cool service, bro
1 My family decided to try this new establishment.  There was one lady behind the register who took our order and one man who was cooking the food with a baseball hat on.  We ordered: 4 carne asada tacos without salsa or cilantro and 3 pork tacos also without salsa or cilantro, and 2 fountain drinks.  While we waited for our food, we used the restroom which was clean.  I live for clean restrooms.  We also chose drinks from the fountain.  I was disappointed that 3 of the beverage selections has a handwritten note over it stating it was out of order.  I was watching the action going on behind the counter and noticed the man cooking our food was not wearing gloves.  After a 10 minute wait, the lady delivered one of our plates(the 4 carne asada tacos).  She said our other plate would be out in a few minutes.  I noticed the gentleman that ordered after us then received his food before we received our second plate.  After a total of 5 more minutes, our other plate was delivered.  In the meantime, my hubby grabbed some sauces from the condiment bar and brought the "green sauce"  which was the mildest sauce.  My husbands pork tacos had cilantro on them after he had asked not to have that, and my carne asada tacos were covered in onions.  Now, I like onions, but I would have liked some meat to go with my onions.  After scraping half of them off, I added the green sauce and took my first bite.  My mouth was on fire.  The sauce was more than mild.  I tried some bites without sauce and the tacos were so dry, and the meat was burnt and had no flavor.  It was like eating cardboard.  So hubby went to the counter to ask the lady if there were any other sauces available.  The chef brought over a "white sauce"(which had the consistency and look of sour cream) and a chipotle sauce.  I didn't like either.  I forced myself to eat the remaining tacos as I didn't want to waste our money ($2 per taco) Needless to say, I was not impressed at all and we will not return.
5 The pastor burritos are great. The lady at the counter is very nice. Best taco shop north of Craig Road.
5 Had the Shrimp Tacos tonight....deliciius! The nopales tacos we had last week were so good we had to come back for more. The people that own this spot are great friendly people. Love supporting a local family owned restaurant!
3 Came here for a quick bite.  The tacos had good flavoring but were a bit small.  Yes, it's traditional but I wanted a little more.  The salsas were good too.  We will come back and try more.
4 The shrimp and steak burrito is the bomb-diggity. My family and I were impressed with trying several things from here and they were all good. The hospitality and great food is something that  I look for when trying a new place. I also tried the lengua, carne asada, and shrimp tacos and all exceeded my expectations.  Certain salsas I liked more then others but all of them tasted good. Check out this place and give them a try.
5 Delicious! WONDERFUL people! The couple own and run this restaurant. They are super nice. We went late on a Wednesday night and the place was empty. We tried the steak chicken and pork street tacos. The meat was moist and the tacos were soo full of meat and cilantro and onions it was hard to hold. I read the other reviews and I can only imagine they're getting better with time. We dined in and did not experience any of the of the complaints. It was a little slow but we sat there and watch him cook everything so any faster I figured it would be raw. Whatever they marinate the pork in is delicious. They serve the pork taco with pineapple on too which brings out the flavor.   They have a variety of salsa and we tried the hot and mild and both had good flavor. We will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu. I welcome them with open arms and belly to the area!
4 Okay I gave this place 4 stars because of the memories (fogged memories at that) it brought back to me.  This place reminds me of taco carts in Tijuana back in my younger days. Both the carts in Tijuana and Martinez Taco Bar serve up small street tacos. Both places seem to have a dry Carne Asada street taco with onion and cilantro. Both places had canned soda. And both places didn't seem to have any cats or dogs running around the neighborhood...hmmmm  The difference is, I was drunk in Tijuana and the food was good. MTB, I was sober and the food was not so good, but it was just....eh?  I'm not sure why it takes a month to change over from Coke to Pepsi, but judging from previous reviews it apparently does.  However I did find the put plenty of meat on my street tacos so I had no complaints. EXCEPT, I think I got three Carne Asada tacos instead of two and one lengua taco. But this seems to be a pattern after reading other reviews.  So here is my recommendation.... Arrive slightly intoxicated (if over 21) and hungry, order some street tacos, cover in one of the salsa choices available and go have a seat outside and drink a beer with it. Then it won't be bad!!  But officially I'd say 2.5 stars!
1 So I saw the Martinez taco bar in the middle of a nice little shopping center and I thought why not let's give it a try, I enjoy new things. It was rush hour for dinner time and the place was empty so I was a little skeptical to begin with. The clerk who came up to the register to take my order looked as though he had just done some crystal meth in the back which isn't unusual for small Vegas restaurants. I decided to order the $9 carne asada burrito with french fries to go . I thought ok any $9 burrito must be fantastic and boy was I wrong. When I got home and open this beast up I could see the grease pouring out of the tortilla. When I bit into the burrito the slices of avocados were raw and harder than the onions and I had to spit them out. The carne asada was chewy and overcooked without any authentic flavor. I didn't even finish half the burrito . I love authentic Mexican food but this place is a dump and lacks any concerns about quality, my advice is stay away. I feel the gut churning already. Blahhhh
5 It's not chipotle, Taco Bell or any other chain food, so if that's what you are looking for, you aren't going to get it.  Instead you are going to get unique food coupled with great service.  I have eaten here several times and will certainly continue to do so!
5 Will definitely recommend this over Roberto's Tacos. The place is very clean. The staff is friendly. I took my 5 yr old daughter, she enjoyed the food, but loved the Fresa Agua Fresca.
5 Best tacos shop in nlv. hands down. If anybody gives this place a bad review then they don't know Mexican food.
2 Although my first visit to the Martinez Taco Bar wasn't stunning, I do think this place has a lot of potential.  It's clean, cute, and the staff is friendly.  Their prices are extremely reasonable.  HOWEVER, I had the al pastor burrito wet style and the meat was so incredibly salty I could only eat a 1/4 of it.  They accommodated my desire for both red and green sauce.  The sauce was delicious, but also a bit too salty.  I was hoping their salsa bar would be more like Chipotle's or Roberto's instead, each salsa had a sweetness that didn't appeal to me.  My husband had the carnitas taco special that came with a soda.  The sign said it was $5.99; we were charged $7.99 and didn't realize it until we left.  He did love his tacos, however.  I really hope they read these reviews and implement some changes because as I said, I do see the potential.  I do plan to visit again and really hope to raise my review.
