5 Being a woman I don't know much about cars. These guys are very patient and take the time to explain what need to be done and how things work. They also always keep your old parts and show u exactly what needs to be replaced! They are always honest and have gave me a MUCH better price then other repair shops. They will not tell you to replace things you don't need to, but will warn you to pay close attention to things that will need work soon,  also will explain how critical it will be if not replaced on time! Choice is up to you if you wanna be CHEAP or get the things done right!!!! Don't forget your driving a BMW!! If your not ready to keep up with the maintenance BUY A FORD OR A HONDA!!! :)
5 They have a very good team of certified BMW technicians . There prices are very competitive.
5 Excellent price, excellent service. I will not go anywhere else for service. Victor and his team are very professional and efficient. I've taken my car there on multiple occasions and they always explain what the issue is and the options I have to fix it. They are not pushy like other places I've been to. I truly believe that they have your best interest in mind when they give you the details of your car and what needs be done. What is critical and should be taken care of first and what can wait until next time. For this reason, and for the fact that I've never had an issue after they have repaired it right the first time, I consider them to be trustworthy and recommend them to anyone who is in need of an honest mechanic.
5 Forget going to the dealers, these guys really know their stuff and will walk you through what needs to be done and give you HONEST advice. They diagnose problems right away and I know I can always count on them to fix my car correctly. They work fast, efficiently, and offer great prices! I highly recommend this shop to everyone with a BMW!
5 Finally they got a yelp! Anyways. I've been coming to these guys for over a year now. I was referred here by a friend(thank Jesus). I initially was taking my car to RG Motorsports(in Henderson) but he wanted $1200 to replace my control arm bushings on my BMW!!!! I get it, I drive a Bimmer. And my dumb ass WAS actually gonna pay that but my friend suggested I go to her mechanic (Victor) and you know how much they charged me? 190 and some change. I just saved 1000 dollars!  Couple months later, my car overheated. Got EVERYTHING replaced and my car runs good as new and no problems yet.. But these guys are honest guys. They tell you all the things that need to be done on your car. Things that legit needs to be done. Not some BS catalytic converter or whatever I don't know. They also show you what was wrong on the car so that's pretty dope too.  I appreciate their honesty and loyalty to their customers. And their craftsmanship as well. The price is super right and they'll have your car in tip top shape. Don't go anywhere else! Believe me!
