4 Went there Sunday night to check out the BRAND NEW club! Staff was super nice, very clean and a classy joint. My straight friends felt very welcome and comfortable! Wish them much success!!!
1 Got a free entrance to the club via someone on social media.  It's a good thing because the place is crazy expensive.  Place is poorly marked and when you find it you have to make your way through 4+ bouncers and enter into a room for only bottle service.  That room was empty when I walked in which gave me flashbacks to all my murder mystery parties that were equally populated.    Farther back is a more open room, also with no regular seating and way too much staff walking around giving it an uneasy prison feel.  Overall I felt underdressed in jeans and button up given the vibe they appear to be going for.    One final thing, really disappointed that when you pay $12 for a drink it comes in a plastic glass.  They would have been 2 stars but for this.
2 Went last night. I was there about 1 am. Felt pretty uncomfortable with all of the security guys with FBI Looking wires in their ears. So they have these roped of areas all around the perimeter of the back room where every one was. The tables behind the ropes were all empty. I guess these were the bottle areas? I dunno. Maybe.  In any case if they want people to come they need top make them comfortable. Five, yes five serious looking straight looking bouncer types before you were allowed to pay the $20 cover to enter into what looked like the dead zone. Nice bartender but, seriously,  plastic?  Got a kettle one on the rocks. Big rocks little kettle if you knows what i mean. Okay. They did have a bizarre show. I just didn't get it. These boys did their show with those home depot dusk masks on. Let me say there must have been some message in the choreography but i missed it. I'm sure it's me, but except for the photographer i really didn't see anyone paying attention. Dull. I'll say it again, dull. Maybe I'm old school but I'd take a decent drag queen show over this any day.  Kudos to the dj. He was spot on. Good luck liaison. Hope you can change fast enough to be relevant and fun. Two stars because i think that this is important for our community.
5 my friend gave me a birthday party opening night! It was packed good music good drinks two dance floors. Bottle service, servers we're very quick! As a straight woman I love going to gay bars you don't have to worry about that slimy guys crawling all over you! Haven't had that much fun in a really long time!
5 This is a very unique place to go. It's so clean, local friendly, and u get a drink with $20 entry. Unbelievable staff. You see them hustling and running all night. Perfect place for Ladies night out when you just want to go somewhere and dance with your girls. Also the security guys are extremely friendly whether your gay or straight. They treat everyone the same and are just the nicest bouncers of any club I've ever been in ! A little tip though, if you like the Facebook page they post and send u specials for free entry. But hands down, It's the nicest gay club in Las Vegas.
5 Definitely exceeded my expectations!!! Got bottle service here for my birthday and the staff was amazing! Service is impeccable, and the club is beautiful! I would recommend anyone to come here! Will be coming back for future parties! This is the place to be!!!!
