3 I love Chinese dumplings!  Especially if the succulent wrappers used to encase the dumpling fillings are hand made and the dumplings are assemble and cook to order. It is a major comfort food category for me. In fact 餃子 boiled dumplings is the first item I have ever personally ordered on my own with lunch money my mom gave me for elementary school in Taipei. It was just a few pennies each and the shop made it and delivered it in a plastic bag to my school with my name on it just in time for lunch break.  I don't remember much about how it tasted, but the memory of having tremendous emotional satisfaction and joy from that simple meal is still very strong.  So while driving to try out a new ramen place a few miles down the street, the light from this new restaurant caught my eye, and I decided to make a quick,but very safe u-turn into the small parking lot in front of Dumpling King.  There are plenty of spaces in the back of the building, in case this restaurant gets super popular in the coming weeks. I was initially afraid that I was dropping in as the restaurant was about to close, since it was fairly empty inside, but looking at their hours of operation, I was relieved to see that I had 1.25 hours left.  I made a quick scan of the restaurant, and pretty much was blinded by all the red color in the restaurant.  Red floral printed seat covers over each chair.  The tablecloth were reddish in color, and the lighting was fairly dim, so yeah I was slightly disoriented from the color red.  I wonder if that is a normal reaction or it is just one of those minor details that made me just a little different from the other 6 odd billion people on this planet (not including the aliens that left zigzag lights over the skies of Hawaii).  Anyway, after picking a nearby table with good lighting for taking food pictures and going over the menu, I eventually found the "dumpling" section all the way on the last page under "Main Food" and ordered the following:  101. Beef Steamed Dumplings(4) 牛肉蒸餃 - Decent flavor, but I felt the texture of the filling was off. Like it was overground or overworked.  102. Beef Dumplings(4) 牛肉水餃 - Same filling as the above, except this dumpling is boiled.  103. Lamb Dumplings(4) 羊肉水餃 - Good dumpling, nice lamb flavor. Dumpling is also boiled and looks exactly like the Beef Dumpling.  112. Stone Dumplings 水晶餃子 - This is like a big plate full of pot stickers that is cooked in a pan, and inverted onto the plate. The residual starchy water forms a thin crust that connects all of the dumplings together (see the picture).  It is kind of cool looking, but eat these fast.  Because I was taking time to take pictures, and all the food came more or less at the same time, I noticed that a small pool of oil puddle up on the plate after like 10 minutes, which made it taste not as good as the very first piece I had.  Just something to think about if you are dining solo or eat very slowly.  NOTE: Although their menu have prices listed for dumplings with portions of (4), I was told that it was a misprint and now the minimum order is (8) dumplings, so you now need to order those items x2.  But for the Beef and Lamb Dumplings that comes out to (8 pieces) for $5, not too bad price wise, but does present an additional hurdle against trying as much of the menu as possible without asking for the doggie bag.  They did however let me order four pieces of each of the Beef Dumplings and Lamb Dumplings, for a total of eight pieces, since both are cooked the same way.  Overall, I thought the food was A-OK at this family operated restaurant (Mom, and son both works here in the front, and the dad is likely in the kitchen cooking).  It is the closest Chinese dumpling restaurant to where I live for now, so I will be stopping by in the near future.  Plus I asked to see if they also can make Xiao Long Bao, given that they are calling themselves the Dumpling King and serve many of the dumpling specialties from the same region, and was told that they just added that to their menu that day.  Would have been nice to offer up such information when I was reading the menu or at the time I was placing my orders, but oh well. Just another reason to go back. Maybe later for dinner.  Credit cards are accepted here, but when I gave them my AmEx card (there is a AmEx sticker along with the usual suspects on the front door) but was asked to pay with a different card (because American Express charges a higher fee - perhaps, but more likely due to AmEx not distributing the funds to their merchant clients for an entire billing cycle). Yeah, pretty much all the small vendors are hating on AmEx, and to think (if you are old enough) that they once dominated the credit card market. Oh how the mighty has fallen indeed.    3.5 stars.  I am sure another update will be forth coming should I get to try the XLB on my next visit.  Review #26 of 2014
5 New dumpling resturant, not sure if anyone else can recommend other dumpling resturants but this is very delicious.   I brought my friends from LA here and they enjoyed it too!  The decorations are red and flowers as seen in pictures. They have private rooms: party size and large.  Must order: lamb dumplings!! You can't go wrong with it!  Parking is a bit limited but there is some in the back.  Local mom and pop resturant! I support local restaurants!
5 Wonderful dumplings!  Great service as well.  We had the soup and the stone dumplings.
2 Dine on Thursday night, we were only customer while we almost checking out one family came in. Furthermore,  I ordered beef dumpling, lamb with green onion stir fry,  and clear cold noodle. All food I ordered was all salty~ extreme~ so we got canned herbal tea but later 2 can herbal tea equals $7? Goodness I can buy dozen of chinese can herbal tea one block from u~~~~ too costly. Service was so horrible, Server was on phone neither one chef... I can tell why there was nobody dine in. Not recommended!
5 The food from here is so traditional style from north china,especially dumpling is only one of hand-make in Las Vegas and any food with lamb is tasty,there have a every quiet comfortable dining environment.i remember the lady at this restaurant,she is really good waitress.when she talk to me,I fell so comfortable.i will come back again !!!
