5 Best indoor playground I have been to in the LV/Henderson area. Has bouncy house, trampoline, ball pits, train ride, car ride, play kitchen, ball pits, pretend bug table, reading area, shopping carts, bubble machine, slides, 2 comfy couches, an eating area and more. Perfect for my 3 year old. They sell a few snacks/drinks but nothing major. They allow outside food. The owner is very pleasant & the place is immaculate. All the toys are new & in working condition.
5 Awesome place! Friendly staff. Reasonable pricing. Clean facility. Perfect amount of toys and playground sets to leave enough room for kids to run around. Even has a bouncy castle. Love it here and my kid loves it even more. Perfect way to let your kids burn off energy without having to deal with the Vegas heat!
5 This place is great! It's new and very clean. The owners are very friendly and actually interact with u and your kids. They have a play yard, ball pit, bounce house w/slide, little trampoline, lots of activities. I'm glad they opened one on this side of town even tho it's a little hard to get to since it's smack in the middle of sunset. Will definitely be coming back
5 We got caught in traffic between Vegas and Barstow so decided to stop in Henderson to let our kids play.  We found this place on Yelp, and it was amazing!    We have been to many an indoor playplace, and this one was the cleanest and newest with the nicest toys and friendliest staff.  There are big comfy couches for grownups.  There is a climbing structure with a slide into the ball pit.  There are vehicles, lots of pretend play areas, a roller coaster...  I could go on and on.  My kids (4 and 1) got straight to it and playing for a couple of hours straight without looking up.  Such good toys.  It was so clean!  The toys were so nice!  The owner or manager was so friendly and helpful.  She was sweet to our kids, nice and friendly to us, friendly with all of the parents.  My only regret is that this place is so far away from us, otherwise we'd be there every week for sure.  Don't miss it!
5 This place is awesome for kids. It is clean, well kept and has a ton of things to do. There are activities for younger babies as well as toddlers and up. It is run by the owners who are very nice, take very good care of it, and make sure every area is always clean and ready to be played in/on.   The climbing area is quite large and has its own ball pit that kids can slide or crawl into. There is a trampoline, bounce house, kitchen area, smaller ball pit, jungle gym, and small tables all over with various things for the kids to do. There is also a bubble machine that is turned on sporadically which sprays bubbles into a play area.   There is also a small food/ snack area that has great prices. It also has coffee and nice couches for the tired  adults :)   Fun place to bring kids!
5 If I could give this place ten stars I definitely would! I'm skeptical about places like this however, it's so hot out that my 19 month old has been trapped inside and this is the perfect solution. However, I just took my daughter and not only did they treat my daughter like a princess but the place was incredibly clean and smells great, which any parent knows that cleanliness is sometimes difficult to find in children's facilities. I did think it was maybe a bit pricey but having been their I definitely would have paid more if necessary. We will definitely be returning!
5 Great fun! There are a few things that set this place apart from others: an indoor "roller coaster", a giant doll house, an assortment of Build A Bear characters with a bunch of outfits to play with, a bouncy house with a slide, a train set with all the pieces, and a huge jungle gym area that parents are allowed in too!  There is also a medium sized trampoline, a kitchen area, ball pit, TV, couches, cars to ride in and a separate area for the very young.  I'm sure I'm leaving some things out!  It is very clean, offered a variety of snacks and the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. She was either talking to parents, playing with kids or picking up toys. I liked that she positioned toys so kids saw them and wanted to play with them instead of everything looking 'put away'.  My girls are 3 and 1.5 and they had a blast! We had been driving across town to Kids Kingdom, which is also great, but we live on the east side so I am SO happy to have this option. Give it a try, it's right next to the Galaxy Theater off Sunset and Green Valley/Sunset and Mountain Vista. We will absolutely return!!!
