5 I have used Lyft many, many times and it has ALWAYS been a great experience! My drivers have been prompt, polite, and fun. Last ride I took, my driver had cold water and candy also.   On the nights where we go out and have a good time, it's nice knowing that I have an option other than a cab to get us home safely.
5 Lyft is an absolutely amazing transit solution in any city, especially phoenix. At the click of a button, you can have a friendly ride at your side in minutes. Much faster and more efficient than any other mode of transportation, including owning a car!
5 Super-quick! When discount and yellow are quoting  me over an hour to be picked up, Lyft is at my door in 10 minutes or less. In addition to being cheaper than a cab, the drivers actually know where they're going.
5 Lyft is a great alternative to driving. When I plan on having a few drinks, I always use Lyft to get there and safely back home again. Their prices are reasonable and all of their drivers are friendly. Some drivers offer free water, candy, phone chargers, and let you change the radio station. I had a driver once who had baked cookies and they were fresh and delish. I had another driver with a free wifi hotspot in his car. They are usually available around the clock and I usually don't have to wait more than 10 minutes for them to arrive. It's a pleasure to ride in a Lyft. I can't say that about any other form of transportation in Phoenix. (except it's kind of fun to ride the light rail once in a while) Clean Cars!!!  Great Drivers!!!  Great Personalities!!!  Great Company!!!  After the ride, you get to give your driver a 5 Star Rating.
5 Cheaper than a cab? Check. About half the price.  Faster than a cab? Check. Shows up in minutes, as opposed to 45 mins - 2 hrs (and maybe not at all)  Cleaner than a cab? Check. These are people's personal vehicles, so they're absent of puke (and Zeus knows what else) stains/smells.  Safer than a cab? Check. Lyft's rating system makes for accountability. Cabs lack this and act like creeps, without any consequence. Plus you see a picture of your driver long before he/she shows up, so you know you're not going to get a sea pirate or homeless looking guy as your driver.  Friendlier than a cab? Check. They offer you a bottle of water, a charger for your phone, a seat up front, your choice of music, choice of navigation, and sometimes gum or snacks. When's the last time a cab offered these things?  More convenient than a cab? Check. You simply tap a button and a driver shows up minutes later. No calling dispatch and/or wondering where the hell your driver is (you see him moving toward you on the app). Plus you pay over the phone whenever is convenient, so no worrying about if the drivers only accepts cash or cards etc. etc.  So the question is, "With Lyft around, why the hell would anyone in their right mind still take a cab?!"
5 A very safe and resourceful system. I meet a lot of friendly drivers with great stories and even useful advice at times. Such a great company!
5 Super easy to use and the drivers are always helpful.   Used them recently when my car battery died and the driver even offered to jump my car!  Would never use a cab if Lyft is available. They are less expensive and the drivers are more honest than any cabbie I have met- had the driver miss a turn once and they stopped the meter so I wouldn't be charged for the lap around the block....
5 Extremely friendly service,  great for dependable rides 24/7!
1 I have used them once, and it will be my last.  I feel bad leaving one star around all the 5 star reviews.  My driver was super nice, very clean car, no problem at all, but, I was told that my first ride would be free.  I had the code and everything, I still got charged.  I've emailed them and I've been waiting 2 days for a response.  It's not cool that they tell you that your first ride is free (just like Uber), then charge your card.  I think I'll stick with Uber...unless I get a refund...
