5 It's inside F.A.M.E. located at the Linq and probably a 4 minute walk from the High Roller Ferris Wheel. If you use your GPS and type in Linq Ave it will direct you to the street you need. We parked in Valet. From there you walk up to cobblestone street once you go past the beautiful water fountain it's on the right hand side across from the pizza place. Look for the sign F.A.M.E. It's right as you walk in.  Now to get to the food! I'm not much of a adventurous person, I like some Japanese cooking & my boyfriend raves about the food truck meets. He brings all his friends from out of town to try it. Heck even a friend of ours from Rhode Island visited and even HE said it was delicious. I know the food truck has quite a major following on their Facebook page!  I ordered a number one burger no tomato, onion, ginger. I added BACON & Shiitake mushrooms (additional toppings are $1.99 EACH). Togarshi Garlic fries have a little KICK to them, but nothing I can't wash down with a Pepsi (32 oz. 3.49). Togarshi Garlic fries come with a side of crack sauce, it's very addicting. The sauce came on my burger and I really loved the flavors. This place is far from bland. You grab your own drinks, no waiter service which is fine with me.  I really enjoyed eating here and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a shock to the taste buds. Also F.A.M.E. has free Wifi if you're interested. I'd like to come back.
5 The best. Nothing tops these burgers. Jazz fries are a most as long as the fryer is working.(only been down twice of around 15 times or so.) No matter what you order it is amazing.
5 Love the concept, love the space it's in, love Colin for his hospitality. I discovered Fuku through a friend when it was just a food truck! My go to choice on the menu is the "Buta Burger" - mmmmm! Randomly went walking through The Linq with a friend and saw Colin had put some roots down inside of F.A.M.E. - an Asian street market. Udon, ramen, Fuku, sake, Japanese beer + MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT? Don't threaten me with a good time.
4 This was the first time I have tried a Fuku Burger. I have been hearing about the Fuku Burger food truck for quite some time now. I am not one as to be so inclined as to chase a food truck around town for a burger. If I did ever do it though, this would be the burger.  I was over at the Linq and I heard they opened a Fuku Burger inside Fame. It is over in the right corner of Fame. I stopped in and grabbed a few burgers to-go so I could try these famous burgers I have been hearing about. I will say, I was not disappointed at all.  I ordered the Kinko Burger, Kari Burger, and the Lucky Burger. I don't know which burger was which, but they were all very good. The one with the mushrooms was kinda sweet. I think it had teriyaki sauce on it. Which ever one was spicy was my favorite. They are not really big, so I could eat two with no problem.  Anyways, now I know why people are always talking about the Fuku Burger food truck. Excellent burgers. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a great burger.
5 Great service and delicious Asian themed burgers . This is a place you can't miss if your in town or a local .The tamago burger is out of this world . I live the garlic fries too .  The food truck and the actual spot both serve up done tasty burgers so try them out . I promise you won't be disappointed .
3 This was the second time I had Fukuburger. The first was in their actual truck at a Car Meet. In my opinion, their menu is over priced, but for the quality I guess you could say it's okay. The fries don't come with much and it's about $4-5. The burgers range from about $8-10, but just for the burger itself. Everything is paid separately. If you get a drink though, you can get $1 off. It's located in a good area so I'm sure it gets a lot of business. The people are friendly. However, they messed up on my order. I ordered three burgers (number two, I forgot what they're called but it has egg and onions), fries with crack and ketchup sauce, and a drink. When I got called by my funny nickname, I only had two burgers. I was confused and ended up having to buy another one and spent a total of almost $40. That amount of money for three burgers, a little bit of fries, and a small drink was kinda pushin' it. Not sure why the order was messed up, but other than that little issue, it's not bad. It wouldn't be something I'd crave though.
4 Fukuburger, Fuku so good!  Located inside FAME at the LINQ, Fukuburger offers innovative Asian-inspired burgers, fries and loco moco for those looking to tantalize the palate. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#k0iG_a95OyoEJpJz9Fumsg  When I saw the Tamago burger ($7.99), I knew I had to have it.  I'm an egg slut from way back. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#gr4jTA0IVQkD2Pw7J-Qd9w Fuku-patty with furikake & teriyaki, finished with crispy onion rings & fried egg.  The first bite was like a rainbow shining down on me. Like Willy Wonka farted candy into the air.  Runny egg oozing over the delicious patty, the sweetness of the teriyaki married together with the crunch of the onion rings.  A fairly sized burger, I felt the pricepoint was a decent value, considering it is Vegas.  I relished each delicious bite.  Service was okay.  It took a while for my burger to be cooked, but I know it's made fresh to order so I can't complain.  There is bar seating directly in front, with tables insided & outside FAME.  Free jelly candy! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fukuburger-las-vegas?select=Ecg4xdQxfeIFIsxmF6GQTA#DNzhAcLMgJFh-kOR8wLL_w  Fukuburger, I'm a big fan!  The Tamago burger was the real deal & one of the highlights, of many, from my trip to Vegas.  I hope you come back to SoCal so I can satisfy my cravings for your Asian-inspired delectables again!  Highly recommend!
5 Without a doubt one of the best burgers I have ever had. I had the #2 and it was BOMB! I am a fan for life now and will be back time and time again.
2 This new Fukuburger is a joke. It's all hype like this whole FAME place. I have been at this location twice, and they messed up on my orders twice. 9 bucks for one burger? That doesn't even include fries. Now I used to love Fukuburger. I've had them since I was a junior in high school, and I always got the Tamago and it was by far one of the best I've ever had. But after having the new FAME location's Tamago, twice, I am no longer a fan. Both times, the fried onions were so stale, and that's basically the best damn part. Now the first time, they forgot to make my jazz fries. The second time, we ordered three burgers, we got two, everything got lost in translation and she had to buy another burger. The kitchen staff is so unorganized. It's ridiculous. I guess there's room for improvement, but it's really sad to see a great burger joint downgrade. This was such a great opportunity for them, and congrats for an actual location, but I'm giving them two stars because the kitchen quality is shit and the price they give us is not worth it.
4 I had heard about the Fukuburger food truck from either Food Network or the Travel Channel, so when I accidentally discovered that they now had a permanent location in the FAME location within the Linq, I was ecstatic!  Originally, I planned to have lunch that day at Holstein's in the Cosmopolitan, but after finding Fukuburger and hearing from my friend (a local) that Holstein's was not that great, I decided to cancel my Holstein's reservation and go here.  Man, am I glad that I did.  As the name may imply, Fukuburger offers Asian inspired burgers.  I had the Tamago Burger, an all-beef Fuku-patty with furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried egg.  While smaller than a similar burger I thoroughly enjoyed at Bachi Burger earlier during my trip, the Tamago was fantastic.  If you are on the Strip, do yourself a favor and give this a try!
5 I saw a picture of egg on a burger (sold) with the words "japanese burger" written on it and knew I haddddd to sneak my way here if needed!... which wasn't a problem because we actually ended up eating here twice during our trip ^ ^  I lovelovelove burgers and a big slut when it comes to eggs (as Mr. Bourdain would put it) so I was super stoked to find that you can add it (eggs) to any burger, not just the number two *_*_*_*  The place is in some sort of 'asian fusion' center that has a lot of side shows going on weekend nights (taiko drums, street dancers etc...)   Service was super friendly. They cook everything to order, so if you're in a hurry you may not want to eat here cause it takes a little longer than fast food joint would. Burgers are cooked perfectly (medium to medium rare) so they are super juicy and the yolk jizzes down the center making my eyes dilate and mouth water with pleasure.   Jazz fries are good if you want something extra however just getting the garlic fries (not that garlicy to be honest) with the crack sauce is satisfying enough (ask for extra!).  I got the number 1 : fuku 'lucky' burger and 3: buta 'pig' burger while my boyfriend got the spicy burger both trips. While they were all good I felt the number 3 had the most flavor..and spicy burger isn't so spicy, which is coming from someone who doesn't eat a ton of spicy food (however one of our friends thought it was really spicy...so if you're super sensitive maybe you should just skip it).   overall though i believe almost everyone in our group felt satisfied eating here..and if you don't mind a little wait for your food you should definitely come here!
4 Was happy to find the Fuku had a brick and mortar spot. Expect the price here to be a buck or two more than the truck is on the regular. You are paying for the location and the convenience.   I had the number three. Love this burger with the bacon and the ginger such a great combo. If you are looking for a great burger near the strip this is it. Forget those overpriced gourmet burger place and just go the linq, then to fame, then to fuku. I will say this don't get the fries. Overpriced for what you are getting. That is my only complaint when it comes to fuku. I would say forget the fries and get a second burger. Yep that is the ticket. 2 great burgers hold the mediocre fries.   Definately reccomend you try this place.
