5 Fantastic food, great atmosphere and excellent service! There is an amazing outdoor patio overlooking lush tropical landscaping and the resorts signature tropical pool. Loved the sliding glass doors that brought the outside in. Perfect place to grab a good bite and transport yourself to the tropics. It's like being on vacation.   The bartenders are fantastic with 24 beers on tap and the food was great. Love the island ribs and the best hamburgers in the city!
5 Friendly staff, great bar selection & awesome food. Prices are more then reasonable. Locals, discover this gem!
3 Very nice staff and seating area. Two machines and video poker at the bar. All the food I saw go by looked great. My Asian chicken salad looked good but eh on taste. Very bitter greens and cold chicken. The hot wings were moist & good on flavor. Next time I will try the grilled cheese or sandwich. Salad needs work
4 Food tasted excellent especially the seasoned french fries. My children had the hamburgers and my wife and I eat the steak sandwich. My wife's steak was cook medium and it came out medium. I ordered med-rare and got it well-done. I told the server and he replaced it quickly with a positive attitude. I the replaced steak was delicious. I am still happy with restaurant because the problem was taken care of without the server being rude or disrespectful. I would eat there again and recommend it to others.
4 My husband and I dined at 17 South Booze & Bites last week while our stay at the Tahiti Villages in Las Vegas. The restaurant is small, it has a nice outdoor area with TVs although it was way too hot to sit outside and eat. We sat next to the TVs inside away from the traffic of people. When we arrived to the restaurant we were greater right away and told we could sit wherever we would like. A bit confused when we first came in because there is not sign, it was nice that a waiter was there when we arrived. Within minutes we were greeted by our waiter, and were given a menu. Minutes after he arrived to take our order. The Passion Fruit Margarita I got was very good, the Pina Colada my husband got he loved. I order the lettuce cups, no shrimp or chicken (I'm Vegan) they were very very good! I was actually full which was nice. My husband got a burger with fries, I do not remember the name of it but it was rare the way he likes and he absolutely loved it. Overall the experience here was great. The staff was friendly, the prices are on point, the food was delicious, and atmosphere nice, and pretty touristy. The menu is slim so not many choice, but satisfying. I will be returning here in the near future on our upcoming stays.
