3 Southern Rail is on the right track but at the time of this review is brand new and possibly still working things out.   The servers seemed well polished and the cocktails we tried were tasty and strong.  We shared a small plate of House Smoked Trout with Pea Cakes and Tomato Jam. I thought this dish was put together well and was my favorite of the plates I tried. The Trout was smoked nicely and wasn't too much smoke. The Pea Cakes reminded me of Falafels but green with fresh peas bursting out and the Tomato Jam wasn't just sweet Tomatoes it had a little Kick to it. They all harmonized nicely together.  The starter plate of Cauliflower Casserole was for my taste (maybe not yours) was overly generous with cheese and seemed to lack the onion cream that was in the description. For me this plate was too heavy and I think someone just slipped with the cheese that wasn't in the description of this dish. Possibly an opening hiccup.   I need to reveal a full disclosure that I am sensitive about smoked foods and only care for a mild smoke taste that might differ from you.  I tried the Chicken and Biscuit Dumplings. I received a bowl of many nicely made cheesy dumplings in a very smoky dark sauce with 2-maybe 3 ounces of nicely prepared dark meat chicken a few very thin shaves of Local McClendon Carrots, Chunks of Mushrooms and some fresh pea tendrils. I was slightly disappointed for a few reasons. As good as the Biscuit Dumplings were and they were. This dish for me was too much Dumplings and should have been called Biscuit Dumplings with Chicken. I could only eat maybe one and a half and had I think three maybe three more dumplings. In the description of the dish was the mention of McClendon Carrots. I was expecting carrots to have a co-staring role and not to be  just a few shaves for color.  For my taste the sauce was WAY too smoky but might be great to other people who like smoky food.   My husband tried the Smoked Chicken and Andouile Sausage Gumbo. He said it was good. He eats Authentic Gumbo whenever he is in New Orleans and said the one at Southern Rail was good but thinner than other Gumbos he tried and also more smoky than others he tried but still good to him.  3.5 stars On the right track but a LOT of Smoke a little steam.
5 One of the best things ever is to see talented people develop a new concept, plan it with care, and execute it masterfully.  When the buzz began months ago about Chef Beckett and partners, Katie and Scott Stephens, wanting to bring a southern flair to the area, Peg and I were all in.  That the new place was going to be at the site of a landmark (Beef Eaters Restaurant) with its own history of fine food was a nice touch. This is not Beckett's Table West...the concept is totally different. The fried green tomatoes and dirty rice croquettes were spot on.  The tomato tart and the house smoked trout appetizers were addictive, inventive and wonderfully balanced. A grilled watermelon salad was a light refreshing bite. As you would expect, all things pork were terrific, and Rail's cider brined pork loin was amazing. Ditto the crispy duck leg confit. The BLT salad was very tasty but the other apps were better yet. Making the call to try their gumbo (ya ya style) and BBQ shrimp was mandatory, and they were full of flavor, not obnoxiously hot like some "Cajun style" dishes out there have become. I strongly recommend wearing something that will handle butter and sauce well from the shrimp. Limitless napkins are provided...  Staples like mac and cheese, collards, and brioche with apple butter (think Parker House rolls) were very good. Beignets were authentic and pillowy. Even with it being opening night and week, the service (Jerod (hopefully not misspelled too badly) and Sarah were attentive and very helpful. Front of the house was welcoming. With concepts and execution like this, I frankly don't care "what the fox say!"
5 Very nice  evening tonight at Southern Rail, delicious southern-inspired food, great atmosphere. Quite impressed with the entire place having hit the ground running after only a couple of days. The space is beautifully designed with interesting touches, and is slightly elevated from Camelback road which gives it a nice view of the surrounding area (without the sometimes grimy reality of west camelback road). Extensive beer selection with some southern favorites, as well as a wine list that should suit anyone. The menu is southern, so if you're looking to go "light" you might be better off elsewhere. We had the tomato and bacon tart which was decadent. We also had the gumbo which had perfectly smoky flavor and a not too thick roux. We did not think the three tiny head-on shrimp were worth the $6 supplement, however. Finally, the pork loan was delicious with a smoky, candied flavor and delicious sweet potatoes. Desserts looked wonderful but we couldn't muster another bite. A couple of kinks with service and timing that we can overlook because it has been open less than a week, but overall a wonderful night at a place that is definitely on our rotation from here on! Excited to try the rest of the menu, as we'll be back many times.
1 Southern Rail has run off of the tracks. I understand newly opened jitters. They opened Friday. I called earlier today for reservations for tonight. I was told that I had the choices of 5:45 or 8:30. I chose 5:45.  The place was hardly full when my party of 4 arrived. We were seated at an open table while an empty booth was clearly available. No big deal at this point. As we are sitting there waitning for our server, we noticed that most of the place was empty. We tried to talk about it, but the noise level was so load, that we couldn't hear each other. The server took our drink orders. He brought water, and we ordered appetizers and entrees at the same time. The appetizers arrived and were mediocre at best. We were finishing them when we finally had to flag down a manager to ask about our drinks. It was at least 15 minutes. BTW, our server wasn't seen at all during this time. He finally brought the drinks. The prices seemed very, very high, but we are ok if the food is worth it. Beckett's Table never disappoints, and we are frequent flyers there. I am from Tennessee, and I know Southern food. Wishful thinking. The entrees arrived. Their Wednesday special, fried chicken, was aweful. It was over cooked on the skin and undercooked at the bone. Two of us had ordered that plate. KFC has them beat hands down. We could have enjoyed 6 buckets for what we paid for this bad food. The BLT salad is a joke. The B is listed as bacon. it was more like bits of bacon sprinkled over a large wedge of lettuce. There was some sort of drizzle, also. This was nothing but a $10.00 plate of ho hum. It didn't even look good, much less act as a real salad. There was a resounding, "no," when asked if we wanted dessert. We weren't going to waste another dime in this place. St Francis is right down the street and well worth the visit if you have to eat in this area. Will not go back to Southern Rail. Too bad, too. It is very convenient, and we had high hopes of at least a decent eatery in the hood. The light rail is the only tracks I would visit on this stretch of Camelback. Not sure who the 5 star people are, but... hmmm.
3 Will have to revisit in a few weeks once the kitchen works out the kinks. The menu looks a lot like Beckett's table in layout, but with a southern twist.  Warning, the place can get spendy.  You'll order some fried green tomatoes, some mac and cheese and the brioche rolls and then tuck into a cocktail, an entree and dessert and you'll find yourself dropping about 80 bucks.  The interior is very welcoming and bright.  You can't beat the location next to changing hands bookstore.  Warning, do not park next door in the business building next door.  They will tow!  Our table found things a bit over cooked with the only flavor being salt rather than more nuanced smokiness, also the lack of hot sauce was a little disappointing.  I loved the brioche rolls which come in a pool of butter in a cast iron pan, although they are a buck a roll.  The fried green tomatoes are what enticed us in, but we found them on the thin side with a breading that seemed like something premade and dredged, the pimento cheese needed a kick.  Like I said, it's never fair to judge a place this new, but it's great to see something new go into the old Beef Eater's space which was languishing.  The interior bar is (there are two) is great looking and one of them opens into changing hands. I have a feeling there will be a lot of blind dates going on there :)
3 Cool atmosphere!  Looking outward while the light rail goes past, you feel like you are in a train station (or at least I did).  The decor is bright and clean; but seemed to get louder as the time passed.  Our reservation was at 6.  We were greeted and seated timely and courteously.    I'm glad I reviewed the menu online as I still wasn't sure what I wanted to order.  We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes (how can't you?).  They were pretty good, but not like the ones my grandmother would make (hers were thicker and a different breading).  I ordered the Blackened Prime Flatiron.  The steak was good to order, but I felt it lacked anything to constitute calling it blackened - no crust, no extra pepper or spices that I could tell.  The succotash was hardly worth talking about, but then again, I don't ever recall an excellent succotash?  The other 2 people in my party ordered the Cider Brined Pork Loin and the Chicken & "Biscuit Dumplings".  Both of them enjoyed their entrees.  The staff was friendly and on spot with filling up our water glasses and escorting us to the restroom, when asked where it was.  Dessert.  Not sure I have ever spent $11 on a dessert, but last night I did.  I ordered the Bread Pudding a la mode.  It was pretty great.  Another person at my table ordered the Pie in a Jar, apple a la mode, and said it was great as well.  My biggest gripe would be the noise level.  They had music on; by the middle of our meal, all I could hear was the bass under the loud voices.  It made it difficult to have a conversation with the 2 people at my table.  I know this establishment is brand new, but look forward to going back and hopefully seeing some improvements.
4 I went to Southern Rail last Friday with a friend and her mom with a miraculous reservation (called at around 4 and got a res for 5:45 despite no availability online... yesss!). We tried many of the salads and small plates and they were all good (I guess they worked their kinks out) Here is what we had:   onion and tomato tart - very good, the onions were nicely caramelized, so their flavor was not overly strong... yum!  Cornbread salad- every element on this dish was delicious, the okra was perfect, the sauce was good, the beets were even good (and I do no like beets)  The brioche rolls - these things could be addicting, they are served with some wonderful apple butter and when eaten together, they are a good balance of sweet and salty.   Dirty rice croquettes- these were my overall favorite... they were bursting with flavor and extremely filling. They were spicy with a nice fresh element from the greens served with it and the pea shoots. Overall, a real winner.   Watermelon salad - very light and fresh, yummy  Gumbo- nice flavor, a little less spicy than I would typically like, but overall a solid dish. The small plate is a small cup, but it's hearty.   The broccoli and cauliflower casserole - this was ok, but parts of it were ice cold.... not great.   These small plates were more than enough for the 3 of us, we were stuffed and didn't even finish all of the food.   We also had a couple of cocktails. The Austin mule was delicious... perfectly gingery and citrusy. My friend had another cocktail that sounded good... the name escapes me, but it was way too boozy tasting. Overall, this place was very good, and I am already planning a return visit!
5 The food was absolutely superb!! I attended with a party of 10 and the server was kind and very sufficient in making sure our food was served hot in a timely matter! I ordered the pork loin with collard greens and sweet potatoes. It was delicious!! We also had the opportunity to taste all of the desserts on the menu and all of them were little tastes of heaven. Great place, great atmosphere and great food!!
2 Ambiance was nice. But it was very loud. We ordered the blt salad, fried green tomatoes and the trout and smoked chicken gumbo as a small plate. We were very disappointed. The salad was literally a 1/3 a wedge that was tiny sitting on a thin layer of thousand island with 4 cherry tomatoes. And a light sprinkle of bacon bits and a lousy presentation. Hardly worth 10$. Were were there for a friends 80th birthday so we ordered pie in a jar. I've ate in many southern restaruants I and I've eaten pie in a jar. The southern rails interpretation is more like pie in a cup. And it was tiny. Any ways we never got past the appetizers. For four appetizers 1 beer 2 glasses of wine and 1 desert it came to just over 100$. The service was good. And very helpful. The hostess was the best part of our meal. Sad to know that they are associated with Beckett's table because we eat there regularly.
3 Went with two friends last night. Overall a solid place. NOISE is a major issue, we were seated in the back room and I can honestly say the noise level was the worst of any place I've ever eaten and have lived in five major cities before Phoenix. Hopefully they can go back to their designer and see if they can't do something. My friends said they would not go back because it was so unpleasant. So the decor looks cool, but doesn't function well. The food was pretty good, two of us had the Gumbo and it was excellent. One person has the fried chicken special and it was overcooked, actually some of the crust was black from overcooking. The side potatoes were meh that came with the chicken. The server was super nice and helpful, but he also was having a hard time giving service because of the noise level. None of us had dessert, but they had some tempting options. I personally will go again! Maybe when they open for lunch and try to get in the main room.
5 My 2nd visit and both were superb.   The duck and risotto take me back home.  Delicious!
3 Let some friends talk me into going here a few nights ago.  Walked in without a reservation and were seated within a few minutes.  Decor was interesting, but there's one problem: NOISE!  Between the concrete floors, flat wooden ceiling and glass along one wall, the place is deafening.  Could not hear the petite waitress's voice (apparently she couldn't hear us either because when she informed us that they were out of cornbread (how does that happen???), she asked if we wanted the brioche rolls.  The answer was "No, that's OK", but they showed up anyway).  Food was decent but not fantastic. Gumbo was not very zesty.  Agree with others that Chicken & Dumplings was anemic with the chicken portion.  Servings were anything but generous for the price paid.  Been there, done that - probably will not return as nothing stood out and I really like to be able to hear my dining companions.
5 We just returned from dinner at Southern Rail and I am one happy 'effin customer!    I sit here typing in a post-grazing, satisfied, slightly-smug, aura of contentment. I have never eaten "down south", but if this is how good it can be, then I wanna' move south!  The building is big and bustling, with a good mix of metal and wood and cool light fixtures and stuff.  It was hot outside, but the AC cooled off the inside to a very comfortable level.  There are big doors that open to a nice patio.  When we come back we will check it out.  Since it was Father's Day (a special occasion!), we went all out and the three of us tried almost everything on the menu. .Among the appetizer and salad stars were Fried Green Tomatoes, Croquettes, Gumbo, a cool salad of watermelon and peach.  They were all good, and the croquettes were so good that my wife and I had to rock-paper-scissor for the last one.  I won, but my wife then proved that although rock-beats-scissors, fork-beats-wrist, and she got the last croquette.    For entrees we tried the peel-'n-eat shrimp which were fun and flavorful, the duck confit which was FANTASTIC and an order of ribs which rocked!  the table beside us ordered pork-loin which (although we didn't actually try it) looked and smelled great.  I read that some folks think the place is noisy, and the place is lively and high-energy, but certainly not as bad as others have indicated.  I politely suggest that those folks should wear thick wool sweaters and Snuggies to help with the acoustics.  We met one of the owners there (he recommended the wine we had) and the Chef/owner visited our table and asked how everything was.  We admitted that we were new to the genre of southern cooking, but he shared the story of how the menu came to be, and the cultures behind it.  I guess I never realized the precision that goes into classic, comfort food.  My wife and her friend had the beignettes (spelling?) which they liked and I had a slice of sweet and savory dessert that was a cool balance like an Arnold Palmer (iced tea / lemonade blend).  Southern Rail made some new fans tonight... congrats on the new place!
4 Finally a family restaurant thats put into use in this poor building... which its use to be a beef eaters.  I came here with my mother and sister!  :)   Such a good atmosphere here.  As an appetizer, we have the macaroni and cheese. It was delicious. The texture and the cheese was on point. Mom, she got the catfish. Was not fond of it at all. It was so oily and very salty... :/  Sister, she got pork ribs, it was delicious and the side corn salad was like salsa mix, she enjoyed it.  Me, I had the broccoli, cauliflower casserole.....It was too salty, too cheesy, not enough broccoli and too much onions in it :(    Our waiter was so attentive in the beginning. Then midway, she forgot a few things and didn't come to the table til I ask for the bill..  Me likes scaring him I'm doing things right Maybe, I'll try something else?
4 I'm a fan of chef derived restaurants, so we have to start with 5 stars and go from there. We not only eat with our mouth but with our eyes and ears. The energy in this place at dinner is "high throttle" and that can be fun, but the noise level makes it difficult to have a conversation with dinner mates. Gumbo, collard greens, bread all satisfied my desire for southern food. Gumbo is outstanding, collard greens advertised "ham hocks" except we could barely find ham. All in all, Southern Rail is a must go to restaurant in Central Phoenix.
5 Loved my experience at Southern Rail!  The service is amazing and the food was fantastic.  We went opening weekend and they were still working out some kinks and the food was still amazing!  Love the menu options.  Great for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians.  The atmosphere is great!  I had the gumbo which was delicious.  I have been waiting for some good gumbo here in Phoenix.
4 Some friends and I decided to finally check out this new restaurant in our neighborhood. Getting a table for 3 on a Thursday evening was not hassle at at.  The overall dining space is beautiful! Gorgeous wood ceiling and beams, beautiful lighting, and an amazing sliding glass wall, which I'm sure will be wonderful when it's not 115 degrees outside! One of the guests in our party noted that while the chairs for the tables are very cute - the comfort level is lacking. With the concrete floors, ceiling, and lack of sounds absorbing surfaces in the space the restaurant was rather loud (especially for only having about 7 tables at this time of night). I can imagine that it would get rather deafening during the peak hours.   The drinks were amazingly priced - not sure if it was a reverse happy hour or just a special Thursday night special but the Kettle One and Belvedere martinis were only $7!!   Service was excellent - Mike had a gift for explaining recipes on the menu that helped you taste the food without anything in front of you. Service staff really catered to the southern hospitality making sure our dinning experience was nothing short of wonderful.   We started off with the Fried Green Tomatoes which had a delicious spread accompanying. I felt they were fried perfectly - not to heavy on the batter.  I thought the duck was delicious - cooked perfectly served on top of a  delicious risotto  The Chicken and dumplings was given an "ok" as the dumplings were very tough, the chicken was flavored nicely, but the sauce/broth was the best part. The Pork Loin was a generous cut but was very dry and lacking flavor. However, the sweet potato that came with the pork was life changing!
1 Ouch. The gumbo sucked. They could not make a decent roux base. We didn't try anything else due to this basic failure.
2 Beautiful reuse of an old classic building, the wood ceiling, brick walls, old tile and mirror all add up to a nice space.  But the noise, oh the noise!  I felt like I was a victim of auditory assault!  Contemporary Southern Food made for an interesting menu but the "hearty" fish and shrimp jambalaya was more of a nice fish dish not at all a jambalaya (and shrimp were so shrimpy they were nonexistent.) Please don't call a dish something that's it's not.  Best looking dishes of the night were companions' pork chop and the tomato tart.  Service needs some fine tuning.  Small plates as appetizers came out at the same time as main course and drinks and dishes were randomly put down in front of diners. Finally, if you can't make separate checks but will take different credit cards for different amounts, then at least put the right amount on each card please.  With the same parents as Beckett's Table, I know this baby is going to work out the growing pains and will be an asset to the 'hood soon!
1 Positive: Nice decor. Seated right away. Not so positive: Let's start with cocktails. 9 dollars for cocktails. Not very good ones at that and they were very small. I am pretty sure there wasn't much for alcohol in the Austin Mule. I am a light weight and I didn't feel a thing. We ordered the appetizer fried green tomatoes.  They were just ok. Not great. If southern food is your thing then I think fried green tomatoes is something you should do absolutely amazingly.  They just weren't.  We opted not to order any more food because it was priced rather expensive from the start. Price is not an issue when you get value for your money, but when  there didn't seem to be much justifying the high prices we skipped the rest of meal. I am not sure if we go back. It is disappointing because we high hopes for a new restaurant in the neighborhood.  On a positive note, go have a glass of wine at the cute bookstore next to the restaurant.
2 I went very excited on thursday to enjoy the meatloaf. unfortunately it was just plain not good. It could have been anything molded into a cube or loaf with only the flavor of the bbq sauce or the pepper in the meatloaf.  I spent years traveling the south on Business, Savannah, New Orleans, Dallas, and all in between and never have I had meatloaf even remotely like this. The brocolli was good, and the potato salad was ok.  My friend  had appetizers only, the smoked trout and the onion tomato tart both fab!. The corn bread was great! The desert, coconut cake, was just ok but the Beignets (sp?) were over the top. I hope in the outside month that you can sit outside and order coffee and the Beignets....then worth the trip. I spend so much time at Becketts table because it is really good! This.....well, they need to close for a month, take a road trip south, spend some time with Art Smith, Paul Prudhomme, and yes Paula Deen, to name a few. Then regroup.  I'm not sure if I will go back.
1 I wanted to share my SUPREME disappointment with my visit to Southern Rail restaurant last night.  I had been excited to visit since I first heard of the Newton project and another Justin Beckett restaurant in Phoenix, as my husband and I love Beckett's Table.  We have two young children, and it's not very often we get a date night out to enjoy a dinner just the two of us.  When the opportunity presented itself yesterday, we were so excited to try out Southern Rail.  Great wine list--featuring one of our all-time favorite wines (The Franc)--great menu...it was idyllic.    We decided to start with sharing a gumbo appetizer while we figured out what our actual meal would be.  It arrived quickly, which was nice, but I have never been as disappointed in a dish served to me at a restaurant as I was with that gumbo. I presume Chef Beckett knows what a roux is, but this gumbo was completely lacking a roux as its base.  This gumbo tasted like brown water with some chunks of chicken and sausage thrown into it with a scoop of rice.  My husband grew up in New Orleans, and his Cajun aunt taught me how to make a proper roux and gumbo.  If I order gumbo at a restaurant, I expect it to be better than what I can make at home (which is pretty tasty if I do say so myself) or at the very least to have a decent roux, and to say this gumbo was disappointing doesn't even scratch the surface.  We sent the gumbo back (I have never before sent back a dish), finished our wine, and left.  It wasn't worth even trying anything else on the menu, wasting precious date night time or money!    I really hope this was just some kind of weird fluke and that the entire menu isn't as completely lackluster as the gumbo, but I won't be back to give it another shot.
4 A few weeks ago... The crispy duck leg confit was reduckulously good. I would have liked more collard greens though. They satisfied my southern side fo sho'!  The pimento cheese spread atop of the Fried Green Tomatoes was a welcomed blast from my childhood past. My "date" had the cider brined pork loin which she generously shared a bite of - I felt while tasty it was a bit overdone - and a big spoonful of the brown-butter whipped sweet potatoes were so dee-lish I almost had to skip dessert. ALMOST.  The coconut cake, while on the dry side, was nicely held together by the luscious coconut pudding. Thankfully, we opted to add a la mode. No regrets! Definitely a good idea to make a reservation and get dropped off. Parking is ridiculous.
4 Checked this out last night & I must say that it might just be my fave new place for cocktails. Wow! Hunter is the mixologist there & this guy knows how to mix a cocktail. You must order an old-fashioned from him and I loved the dog hunt ( not sure the name) cocktail!!! Can't wait to go back for more! Had the fried green tomatoes and biscuits and sausage gravy, both solid. Wed night is fried chicken night & I need to check that out!
5 Excellent southern tastes in Central Phoenix. I was blown away by the BBQ shrimp and the ribs...a definite must have meal when I go back. The drinks were tasty and the service was spectacular. Friendly staff with great knowledge of the menu. Not being from the south, I didn't know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised by the different taste explosions in my mouth. And the new restaurant layout and ambience is pleasant right in the heart of the city. Oh, and don't forget to get the beignets covered in powered amazingness before you leave. It's a good idea to get a reservation as it was busy and we had to wait a bit. Worth it though as Chef Beckett delivers...again.
4 Looking for a new happy hour spot where you end up staying for dinner?  Southern Rail just might be what you are looking for.  We met here with a small group of friends where we posted up at the bar on a Friday evening.  Had the chance to sample some of the cocktails from their drink menu.  My absolute favorite was the Austin Mule.  An updated version of the moscow mule...very refreshing! I also tried the hush puppy.  It was good, but different.  I am a fan of grapefruit and bitter, but this was maybe a little too bitter for my taste.    By about 8pm we were hungry.  At that time, the restaurant was still busy, so we were seated at an extended bar.  Our waiter was great.  Very informative regarding the menu and the wine list.  He helped us choose an amazing bottle of wine.    Our group decided to sample a few things from the menu and share.  So while this list will look like we ordered the entire menu, we didn't (this time).  Our selections were...Cornbread muffins, fried green tomatoes, succotash, broccoli/cauliflower/leek/rice casserole, the gumbo, and the cider brined pork loin.  My favorites were the succotash and the cider brined pork loin.  I know that some people on here have mentioned it being over done, but ours was cooked perfectly.  Very tender and juicy.  And the collard greens and brown butter sweet potatoes that came with the pork were AWESOME.    I know that some people have had a fit over the gumbo not having a proper roux.  I get it.  But seeing that I have lived in the south, I wouldn't consider this place as authentic southern food. It is southern food with some changes and interpretations.  If I expect authentic fried green tomatoes, I need to go and talk to my Mother In Law in Tennessee.  This is great southern food, but it has an upscale twist.  So just have an open mind if you do decide to go here.    Worth trying!  Just come early or be prepared to wait during dinner hours.   And as other diners have mentioned, it can be a tad loud in the space.
5 Really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was authentic to what I remember southern food was made when growing up in East Tennessee. Food  seemed to lean more towards Louisiana style southern food but nothing wrong with that. Phoenix needs this restaurant and I will be back for sure.
3 When I discovered there was a new restaurant that opened in Central Phoenix I was excited. When I learned it was southern food I became apprehensive. The southern food that I grew up eating was all cooked with pork fat. Well, I was thrilled that SR had vegetarian options.   I started with the mac & cheese sampler. It was larger than I expected so I shared with my husband. The dish was good, but needed a splash of red pepper flake on top. I went with the broccoli, cauliflower, leek casserole entree that was topped with candied pecans. Overall, it was pretty good.  The best part of the meal was the coconut cake with coconut pudding. It's not a thick pudding more like a pudding glaze that accompanies the cake. The cake was moist, light and not at all sugary.  There are a few things that I would like to mention. Rochelle, our waitress was friendly and welcoming. When I finished the mac & cheese sampler I sat the empty bowl at the corner of the table. Several waiters walked by without picking it up. When I was done with the dessert plate I did the same thing and again it was ignored. I've been to several restaurants in the area (Central Ave) and it feels like a team effort. Everyone fills empty water glasses and everyone removes dirty dishes.There was a table of 4 sitting to the left of us that received special attention. We are all here spending money so aren't we all special!  Southern Rail gets 4 stars for the food and 3 stars for customer service.
5 The low reviews on here totally shock me. This restaurant is fantastic! To each his own. My guess is some folks might not know food or understand the restaurant's concept. If you are looking for traditional Southern food this might not work for you since it is a fusion, modern type of fare.   Let's start with the decor. Very low key, rustic type of warehouse. It was not part of the original structure, as others incorrectly mentioned, but an add on. I asked and was told it was constructed new not redesigned. The feel of the original building, which is now Changing Hands Bookstore and First Draft Bar, were taken into account. The restaurant has very pretty chandeliers and low key ceiling art. My guess is they were trying to replicate a rail dining cart with big windows, lots of light, and that huge clock on the wall that reminds me of a rail station clock. The bar is to the east and the tables are all just lined up to the west. Very simple elegance and grace. The only thing I noticed missing, and even suggested, is that they need an "architectual" type of pineapple sign or wall hanging at the door since they did not incorporate one into any of the wall designs. This is steeped in southern tradition as a welcome.  Now on to the "loud" comments. I never even noticed the "Too Loud" thing and I am very sensitive to loud noises. After reading the reviews we did notice it was loud. However, we loved it. We enjoyed seeing the joy and celebration on the other patron's faces. The community table was having a blast! We felt that It was not shockingly loud but yes I suppose it is a fun place being part of a bar and all. If we wanted quiet we would go somewhere else. I would never have noticed if my friend did not want to know what the reviewers were saying while we ate. She made me look it up. lol.  I would never dream of taking stars off of a restaurant for something like that since it is the theme of the place. I would just note it as a tip or a comment in the review. At no time could I not hear my friend or servers so it could not have been that loud and the place was packed. ( We got there early and reservations at the "Rail" are suggested)   Of course one wants to know about the food. It's totally fantastic. With one of the top noted chef's in AZ how could it not be. Now it is different so be forewarned.  Open you mind to the notion. I know a challenge for most Arizonians. lol. I got the Meatloaf Special. It came with these bread pudding sticks. My guess is these are the chef's version of Southern Hush Puppies. I asked the waitress but she did not know what Hush Puppies were. That kind of shocked me. lol --Even Ms. Nyer here knows what a Hush Puppy is. Two stars off for that. (Insert sarcasm marks here)  These Bread pudding Hush Puppies, which I will call BPHP from now on, were divine! Also, my Meatloaf was out of this world. My friend had the Chicken and Dumplings. She was expecting chicken and dumplings on a plate and not the broth based type of dish she got. She could not stop raving about it. I tried it. Okay, twice but "Shhhhhhh" don't tell. It was mouth watering. The Dumplings were so crazy good. Since it was my birthday we had to have desert. My friend got the Bread Pudding and I got the Beignets. We shared. We thought we would take home  leftovers. Nope. The Bread Pudding here is sinful and the donuts are huge. Actually, one of the donuts made it home for next day breakfast but the Bread Pudding was a goner. I have to say Piggy noises could be heard while the pudding was being inhaled. Okay, Pigs are southern, right? ;) I could come here every day just for the dessert. I heard the Coconut cake here is to die for too and I love Coconut cake.   Some people mentioned that service needs to be fine tuned. Well, they must have fixed that up real quick because our service was great. Despite being very busy and a popular place the service was wonderful. I was even walked to the bathroom by a manager. Many folks were walking the floor and stopped by to greet us. Our server was delightful, well in all ways except for the not knowing what a Hush Puppy was. Okay, I have to let that go.  I am kidding of course, for those who do not know me. But really? She does not know what a Hush Puppy is and works in a Southern themed establishment. Again, kidding, our server was really great. Teacher here taught her something new so I am happy. I wish I knew her name. I want to send her a hug and a Hush Puppy T- Shirt. Hahahaha! I love you pretty, wonderful, smiley blonde server, unknown name, friend.    So, all in all my birthday dinner was great! They open in August for lunches too. I'm so there. I predict every weekend since school will have started. Parking is fine despite other review. I have never had a problem. There are lots and street parking surrounding The Newton. There's also a huge Light Rail lot right across the street. Darn it! You might have to walk a NY quarter block.   Enjoy Beckett's Southern Hospitality.
3 I live in the neighborhood of the Newton--and have anxiously awaited the opening of all the components.  Had dinner with a friend last night and we did all the recommended dishes:  fried green tomatoes, watermelon salad, and the duck and coconut cake for dessert.  I thought all the food was pretty good.  I was a little disappointed about not being able to taste/find the sausage that was in the rice that came with the duck--it would have added a nice little spice.  The coconut cake was terrific and a nice ending to the meal.  The reason for the three are things with a little work could be fixed: 1. The restaurant is noisy--I think there is a trend that somehow the noise is supposed to be an indicator of coolness--it is a decision that restaurants have to make--it is loud but wasn't intolerable. 2.  The service was just off--sometimes very attentive and sometimes a desert.  If you are going to suggest splitting a dish that has rice--then by all means bring a spoon out so one doesn't have to transfer the rice from one plate to another grain by grain with a knife and a fork--Obviously we would have asked for a spoon had the waiter not been in the desert mode at the time. 3.  Again if people are splitting plates--have the good sense to bring out clean small plates between courses--they were not offered and we could not ask because again we were in the waiter desert at the moment we needed them.   4.  In my mind, unless specifically requested, an appetizer and a salad are two different courses and should be served separately so there is time to enjoy them. 5.  We had a little bit of the pimento spread left over from the tomatoes and asked from some bread.  What we got was something that was spongy and white on the inside and had barely a crust on the outside--I would certainly not call it bread.  A restaurant at this level has no excuse for serving yucky bread--if you are going to serve it should be able to stand on its own as well as being a complement to whatever it is going with.  A great tasty rye would have been wonderful for the left over pimento or even a robust baguette, but certainly not what we got.   Southern Rail--I really want you to get to your act together --you are such a welcome addition to the neighborhood--It won't take much--but you have to start paying attention to the details.  Our little corner of the world is pretty competitive--I can just as easily walk east or west as walk south--Please step up your game so I want to head south on a regular basis.
5 Wow! A long overdue delicious meal.  I was pleasantly surprised, in a good way.  I had the chicken and dumplings, I thought it was going to be on a dinner plate, but was actually served as a soup.  It was incredibly delicious.  My friend had their Thursday special of Grandmama's meatloaf.  Another yummy tasty meal.  We shared the beignets and bread pudding for desert. Again, YUM~ there is no other way to say it~  We both laughed and said, we are going to have to roll out of here, we were stuffed...ya think? It did get kinda noisy, but we were next to the community table near the bar.  A place with great food, and great service.  It just tells me that everyone was having a great time.  I will go back there in a heart beat.
4 We had a triple day at SR and it was awesome. We ordered several apps: corn bread, brioche, dirty rice croquettes and fried green tomatoes. They were all delicious. Then we got a couple peel and eat shrimp and a couple chicken and biscuits at the table as well as a pork loin. Everyone cleaned their plate. We finished it off with bread pudding, red velvet cake and coconut cake. Our serve Sara was friendly, attentive and fun and we sat and enjoyed the great food and each other's company for 3 hours. What a great night. I wasn't sure what to expect since I haven't loved the food at Becketts's and there were some early reviews and them having to work the kinks of a new place out but id say they are worked out! We also started our night at the first draft bar at changing hands. I think we will hand at this new plaza quite often.
4 Great atmosphere and the drinks and food were good.  We had several apps and all got different entrees and dessert, everyone we all seemed to feel the same.  Go with the steak over the pork loin!  We were in the back room and it was super loud with large parties but otherwise a great experience.  Great redevelopment of a historic restaurant and the bookstore next store is awesome as well.
5 Wow, wow, wow, WOW! We had the most amazing meal here this passed weekend. I had an out of town guest with me from Georgia and not only did he say that it was the best meal he'd had since we started our "let's go to all the awesome restaurants in Scottsdale, Tempe and Phoenix" but that the food was better than in the South! The whipped mashed sweet potatoes were insanely delicious. I'm not a huge fan of collard greens but these I gobbled up! The best part was the pork (loin? Chop?) I should know better as much as I eat out. ....but it was like a chicken breast. Thick, juicy, and perfectly flavored,  I'll share a secret with you bc it was soooooo good that maybe someone at becketts will see this & add it to the menu! Get the plain green salad (which is not plain at all, had lots of yummy veggies in it!) AND the cornbread salad & mix them TOGETHER! Our "on point" waiter thought we were crazy to mix the dressings but it all worked and was sooooo good! Sort of want that for lunch now! Also, the cocktails were killer! As a side note, our server was so awesome & patient with this AZ native not knowing anything about southern food, he was HAPPY to explain everything to me & never showed any annoyance with my southern cuisine ignorance. Definitely worth the drive from south tempe! Thank you Southern Rail for making me look really good to my guest! I'll see you soon bc EVERYTHING on the menu sounded good!!!!
2 I have a feeling that Southern Rail is not going to make it.  The service is just so/so, it may be because they are new and working out the kinks, but we didn't particularly feel welcomed.  Everyone seemed kind of frenzied.  I do love the atmosphere, it's very open and fresh looking.  I also like that they kept the booths from Beefeaters, something new something old...  We lived in Atlanta so we have high standards when it comes to southern cooking. The ribs were a standout.  They were tender and the meat fell off the bone.  The gumbo was also excellent.    Unfortunately, just about everything else we ordered was not good.  Let me start with the biscuits which were hard as rocks.  Biscuits should be light and fluffy....  The fried green tomatoes were too firm, not sweet the way they are down south.  The corn bread was dry...the biggest   One of the biggest food disappointments of the night was the coconut cake it was so dry it was hard to eat.  It is a major fail.  I wanted to like Southern Rail but I am not a fan.  I give it two stars for atmosphere and the excellent ribs.
3 This place is really cute, but I have to give it 3 stars because I was disappointed in the service and my main course. The chicken and biscuit dumplings are bland and, quite frankly, just bad. The only reason for the 3 stars would be because the pork loin is absolutely fantastic. This place has a great concept, but the food could be so much better. Love the atmosphere, but it's not enough to bring me back.
5 I loved it enough to write a review on Yelp, which I almost never do.  To start, the décor of the place is stunning. Very warm and inviting, and despite all the hard surfaces, the noise level was just fine.  Food was awesome.  Well presented, hot, and super tasty.  Fried tomatoes? Hell yes.  Gumbo, not super thick by design, great complex flavor profile.  Had a bunch of side dishes leading up to the beignets, all delicious.  Love the way they incorporate many of the old Beefeater touches into the new décor.  Highly recommend this place.
2 We came to check it out expecting something moderately priced with good options. We got over priced, low quality ribs, and a vegetable dish I could've made at home for $1.99 ...and this was after staring at a menu for ten minutes that certainly needed more food choices on the other side instead of an (ahem) overpriced wine list. The bookstore/bar next door is great. Skip the restaurant and fill up on brownies and stouts instead. Oh, and it's loud. Super loud. Loud as balls.
3 I wanted to try this new place and waited for the restaurant to get settled in before we tried it (I didn't wait long enough) bland grits, Duck was cooked well but with the sides was just ok and gumbo was inedible  and burned  The item was removed from check (thank you) but the manager tried to tell me about how a black roux taste not knowing I have a culinary degree it wasn't the roux some one scorched the pot !!!
