5 The best of the best !!!!! My boys have been going for years .. You will love it and you will feel like family from the minute you meet:)
5 Rony is hands down the best barber in Arizona.  Prior to being referred to Rony five years ago, I bounced around to 6 or 7 barbers, and they all fell short on giving me what I really wanted.  I have referred countless friends and co-workers over the years and each one of them have been loyal customers like myself after giving him a shot.  I have friends that fly in town to visit and make stopping in to see Rony mandatory. That alone speaks volumes.  On top of it all, Rony is a great guy and makes the entire experience of getting your haircut a lot of fun.  On top of that, he's now started cutting my sons hair and he enjoys coming to see Rony each time!   Rony also has a great staff of barbers at his new spot on 16th and Bethany Home. Give it one visit and you'll never want anyone else cutting your hair again.
5 I was a stubborn a$$hole when I first heard that Ronnie was the best barber in Arizona, I didn't believe it. I was wrong. I regret the days I spent going to expensive hair stylists, because my cut was far from the quality Ronnie throws down. Major league Barber shop is legit. I highly recommend.
5 I moved into town 8 years ago and was on a quest for a good barber. One shop I went to suggested I piss on a rag and put it on my neck to avoid razor bumps. I suggested not cutting so close. Our relationship ended when neither party could agree.  Enter Ronnie, good with a razor, quick with a joke, and not once has he suggested peeing on me. I'm stoked he finally has his own shop. There is no better barber in the Valley. He's spot on with his cuts and he's the only barber I know of the can sculpt a solid beard. He's all about the details.   My grandfather once told me when you find a good barber you keep him for life. He  went to the same barber for 40 years. As long as Ronnie keeps his home remedies to himself we'll go another 30.
5 I was referred to Rony shortly after moving to Arizona and have been going to him ever since.  Even at times when I have lived at different areas of the valley.  Rony not only is the best barber in AZ, he also understands the forgotten art of customer service, he gets to know his clients and takes great care of them.   I recommend Rony and his barbershop highly!
5 Rony has been my barber for the last 5 years. I've come to the conclusion that he's the best I've ever seen at his craft. This is coming from someone who has difficult hair and is extremely particular. I trust Rony.   Rony's greatest strengths lie in his ability to build trust quickly, rapport, consultation, and customer service. He makes you feel like you're his only customer when you're in his chair.   I would highly suggest Rony if you're looking for a great overall experience.
5 I love Rony even though he is a damn Yankees fan! All kidding aside, if you want a good haircut and beard trim this is the guy. At my age I don't have a lot of hair on top to work with. But he does a great job on my beard makes me look respectable. This is another Arizona small business success story, this man loves what he does and wants to be the best. I showed up after hours just as they were closing, I was getting ready to go out of town and he still took me in and did a great job. Thanks for all your hard work. You're the best!
