4 Although they are still working on the remodel, we got a new Delano room. Very clean and modern!
4 I received a complimentary free night at Mandalay Bay and since I'm a Gold member I was able to be upgraded to THEhotel.  When I arrived at check in, they informed me I was able to stay in the newly remodeled DELANO Las Vegas rooms.  I was super excited. Although it was a $30 upgrade, I had to do it!    Downstairs is covered in fake walls at the moment as they are doing construction while THEhotel remains open for business. The cafe is closed, lobby shop is closed so you have to venture off to Mandalay Bay for everything basically.   As I ventured up to my room the hallways haven't changed too much.  New carpeting and some fresh paint, so far.... Not too impressed.  Room keys are modern, like Aria.... Just put the key up to the door and it unlocks. So simple.  As you walk into the room, that's when you notice DELANO.  The rooms are very white, so white you are afraid to sit or use anything. The entry-way bathroom got a mini facelift with new wallpaper, that's pretty much it. The living room on the other hand has earthy-toned carpeting, modern desk with an ergonomic chair, a couch that didn't look to comfy and a leather chair with mini side table.  The mini bar didn't change at all, same marble same paint..... Same with the bathroom. With the exception of the fancy bath amenities (So fancy that a regular bottle of this stuff in NYC is like $30!) NOTHING is different in the bathrooms. The bedroom was stark white with a beautiful leather headboard.  The beds were comfy, but I don't think they really replaced the beds either.  It's a shame, because although the beds are not horrible, they could have replaced them with a more luxurious bed (Wynn/Aria). The pillows were brand new however.... I know this because they were so overstuffed that they were like rocks. When I had mentioned this upon check-out the front desk agent said they were aware of this problem because people had already complained about this issue.  Not the best first impression.  They should make sure that everything is 100%, especially if they are going to make these rooms available 3 months before launching DELANO.    Overall, I loved the modern South Beach feel of the rooms.  I think they could have done a little more to the bathroom to differentiate itself from THEhotel though. These rooms are still some of the best in town and I can't wait till I can experience DELANO, when it's completed in September.  I am giving DELANO Las Vegas 4 stars because of the issues I had with the pillows, and the fact I couldn't sleep until 2am because MIX upstairs was blasting their music.  I was on the 33rd floor right below the restaurant.  I would try and get a room on a lower floor, on the opposite side of MIX, if you want to go to bed before 2am!
2 Stayed here for the first time, ive stayed at TheHotel before, and the hotel is a disaster. Service at Guest services is dreadful, from your room, it takes more than 6 minutes for anyone at the front desk to answer a phone.  most of the building is under construction, switching from TheHotel to Delano and all of the grounds are limited since construction is underway. The floors where rooms are located smell like heavy cigarettes, and the overall staff (with the exception of housekeeping which was phenomenally helpful) was unhelpful. Amenities in this building were not available, and we had to use those in Mandalay Bay which although connected, was very far away.
3 THE Hotel used to be great. Now, the new rooms at the Delano are not. While the rooms are the same, the decor and comfort are terrible. Hard as rock pillows, uncomfortable sofa and chairs and stark white, ugly leather wall behind the bed. The new furniture selection is bad and the small closet rod goes from front to back instead of left to right so you can't see you clothes when hanging up. Makes no sense. Don't even think about asking for the panorama suite. There is absolutes NO storage. One tiny closet that wouldn't even let a man's shirt hang freely without hitting the top of the safe. The soap smells like you just washed yourself in perfume. Guest services is not good. Had a broken clock and they came up 3 times to FIX it rather than replace it. Fourth time they replaced it and guess what - it worked. That was also three days after we arrived. When we checked out there were charges from the mini bar which we never even opened. When we checked in they asked us if we wanted a key to mini bar and we said no. Upon checkout when we had the charge for the mini bar the girl said that we didn't need a key to open it. Confusing. We had also requested a refrigerator when the reservation was made. No fridge in the room until we called about three times for it. They don't know what they're doing. Then to put the icing on the cake, the morning we checked out (4:00 a.m.), the computer was down so couldn't remove the mini bar charges and the valet couldn't find our car. It took 25 minutes to finally find the car, which the parked on the Mandalay Bay side valet for some unknown reason. Almost missed our flight home. Won't be staying at the Delano ever again. Should have left THE Hotel as it was. We loved everything about it's customer service, decor and comfort!
1 Stayed at The Hotel before and loved it! This experience was horrible! The Delano's a disaster, service is horrible, & no one cares! Put me in a smoking room twice, after I asked for non-smoking and was confirmed that's what I was getting. Tried to charge me for damage to a room that I was in for only five minutes (clearly not our fault), and each time I asked for help it was like I was bothering them. It was a hassle and not worth the money spent. I'm a travel agent and I definitely will not be booking my clients here. There's better value elsewhere on the strip.
1 Absolutely horrid service!   It is clear that the Delano management has assumed control of the former THE Hotel.  We recently spent 4 days there and the first thing we were hit up for was a $100 per night upgrade if we wanted to be in one of the newly remodeled room.   It was after check in time and nobody was biting the apple and the lobby was full of travelers waiting for a room.  All we got was a "we don't give a crap" attitude and we had to wait until they were ready to give us a room.  An older lady was sitting in one of two chairs available in the lobby and a worker had the gall to tell the lady and her companion they had to stand up because they were moving the chairs out.  Over the course of our stay we were in 4 rooms, they tried to charge us $100 for damage to the room.  We had been in that room about 8 hours and nobody but us had been in there, but they still tried to charge us.   We were greeted by apathetic staff member after apathetic staff.  The jack hammering and other noise was horrendous, in our 4th room we could hear construction in the room above us, but by then we were tired of being nomadic guests.   It is clear that the high level of service we had come to expect went out the door with the old THE Hotel mentality.  Shame on Mandalay Bay for allowing this group to lease hotel space from them.
