5 A new coffee shop in Edinburgh, and a subtly new style of coffee shop entirely! This one comes from a lineage of Brew Lab and Urban Angel (but is it's own separate venture); suffice to say, you're guaranteed a good cup of coffee when you come here.   Opening up opposite I J Mellis (one of Edinburgh's finest cheese shops) and Oink (pulled pork to the max), and nestled amongst many wonderful independent art & gallery stores, whisky shops, and other beloved independent cafés, Filament is only strengthening an already unique and charming wee street, leading down to the Grassmarket.   Inside, the big space is working the upcycled, minimalist (in a delelict-chic kinda way) style that is so hot right now. But the biggest difference to any other coffee shop I've seen (and from what I was told, any other coffee shop in the UK has done, yet our Australian cousins already are (they're ahead of us in time, literally and metaphorically when it comes to coffee): a menu that gives you some simple options:  Black Coffee White Coffee Filter Extras  This doesn't mean they only serve 3 types of coffee. You can ask for an espresso, flat white, capuccino, americano, aeorpress... but all black coffees are charged the same, all white coffees are charged the same, and it takes away from the overwhelm-confusion that strikes panic-ordering fear in the heart of many customers who probably *do* want a good cup of coffee, but aren't versed in coffee-geek-culture (and to be honest, that isn't the job of the customer to be informed, even if they do have good taste and no a good cuppa joe when they taste it).  I really liked this element of Filament. It's unique, it's new, it's fresh, and it means you will end up talking to the barista about what you might actually be able to have (for me, a good strong coffee that's milky but not like drinking a pint of milk -- so a flat white is perfect. yup!)  It's a nice café and one that I hope sticks around! I'm guessing we'll seem them brew up a storm in a coffee cup over the next few months. Pop ups, different foods being served, liscenced for beer and wine (and maybe even cocktails?!) And with super friendly staff and baristas, another refreshing change in the coffee-culture scene.  And now there's another place for me to get a very good flat white in the old town. Yas!
5 Well then. Where to start?  It's brilliant.  Yeap, that sounds a good start.  With it's simple design and layout you get a chilled out space with plenty wall sockets to zap up that laptop battery and free wifi to navigate the internet - what more could you want?  Coffee? Check!  Flatwhite is pretty much awesome with it's artistic rosetta done by Scottish Barista.  Treats? Check!  I choose by recommendation by the Barista a Coconut Shortbread by artisian Pinnes & Poppies - Delicious!  Mmmm.  Yeap gonna be up there on my top ten!
5 The whole post industrial look thats popular so screams hipster but staff are lovely - chatty and friendly. And its not too hipsterish!  Coffee is ace - went for a latte but yum! Sold. The chocolate caramel gluten free brownie from Suki Bakes is awesome - definitely the best brownie I've ever had and as GF peeps know, we mostly suffer from brownie fatigue! Other GF options available too. Plenty of fresh water carafes available so you can help yourself.  A great addition to Victoria Street!
4 I totally love what they've done with Filament - in a city that's well known for great coffee shops this is up there as one of my favourites!   We only popped in for takeaway but there were 8 of us getting coffee to go plus a few cakes so I can happily say that I hung around and smelled the roses/coffee for a while and really did like what I saw.  According to Jenny L, this is the full proper Melbourne experience when it comes to ordering, sampling and enjoy your coffee - very stripped back, very few choices (this is the point) and leaving your coffee's future in the hands of their skilled baristas. The coffee was damn good, a very good flat white in fact!  The setting is also cool and very atmospheric with lots of open spaces, open plan and somewhere you could definitely take a load off for a while. Nice work Filament!
