4 With so many locals from Hawaii living in Henderson, it's so awesome to have this place open it's doors today.  Loved hearing Hawaiian music flow through the restaurant.  My husband and I ordered the Kalua pig benedict, red velvet pancakes and loco moco. Our waiter gave us the option of how we wanted our eggs cooked, which was different.. I thought a loco moco had sunny side up eggs but a little variety is cool.. And aren't eggs Benedict poached eggs?  I guess it would be cool if they were scrambled. Maybe. Anyway, both dishes where awesome. The red velvet pancakes and cream cheese syrup weren't too sweet so I actually enjoyed them. Next time, I'm definitely gonna hit up the Zippys Chili plate!  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because they weren't all that ready for their first day. They only accepted cash today because their Debit/credit card  system wasn't up and running yet. It's a good thing I had some cash. I'll definitely be back so maybe then, I'll update the review to 5 stars. :)
5 Loved it!  Great prices and great food...can't get better than that.   Had the Adobo Fries Rice Omelet & Banana's Foster Pancakes. They were AWESOME!  Can't wait to go back and try the Kahlua Pig Grilled Cheese and the Red Velvet Pancakes. Definitely our new breakfast place.
3 I've been to the location on Durango a couple times .. You can tell it's def not the same cooks, overall "OK"..  The food lacked a little flavor in the food.. Some salt maybe?   Food items chosen : * Nutella Crepes - simple, thick, Nutella crepes topped with whipped cream and almonds  * Country Fried Steak (comes with your choice of eggs, side potato and pancake) - crispy outside, moist inside, nothing special  * Plain Pancakes - served with butter and syrup * Side of Portugese Sausage - had to get a side of it, who doesn't like Portugese Sausage ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ * Chili Moco (comes with eggs and side of potatoes) - Loco Moco smothered in chili, at first sounded good but when actually eating it.. It was pretty bland.. I was expecting a more authentic Hawaiian chili and the ground beef patty needed flavor.. Eggs weren't that great but the seasoned potatoes were good..  Expected more out of the items because I enjoyed the previous visits at the other location.. They just need to add a touch of love to the food.   Service was kind of slow but staff were still friendly ..  Maybe the food will get better as time passes.. But will most likely come back considering it's close to home..
3 I love their food ideas. There menu is a foodies paradise but execution is poor. needs a lot of refinement. More trials and errors. location is very convenient for my family and I'm a big fan of breakfast food but I'll let them workout their kinks. Let the cooks get familiar with the menu items..etc.  Definitely worthy of another visit but would like to enjoy a dish to it's full potential.
5 Hands down the best pancakes in Vegas. Every time I visit I always go to babystacks. My favs are the red velvet, white chocolate macadamia nut, and lemon ricotta. I've also tried the loco moco which also good. I'm glad this place is nowhere near the strip otherwise the wait would be rediculous.
5 Calling all visitors who are visiting from the islands to come to this new location of Babystacks Cafe.  This was my first time to this place and not disappointed at all.  I've wanted to try it on my last visit but I didn't get a chance too but on this visit it was a "must".  I was so glad this location had just opened no more than 2 weeks ago!  Location- Easy to find right now only one front sign but adding the second side sign. Inside decoration- Very simple gardening decorations on the walls to me it gives you a very peaceful atmosphere!  Nice clean tables/chairs and 6 counter stools.  Like most local filipino houses guess what they got hanging on the wall? The wooden fork and spoon! Hawaiian/island reggae music playing in the restaurant.  Food- I wanted to try a little bit of everything!  But I settled for these... Red velvet pancakes Kalua pork grilled cheese with fries Portuguese sausage and rice (the rice tasted like jasmine rice) not a real fan. I thought the pancakes was awesome! My favorite! Then the Portuguese sausage just topped it off! I didn't know what to expect on the grilled cheese but I must saw it won my gut! Overall- I will definitely bring more of family and friends here to try it out...Local people will always support locals no matter what.
5 If you've been to the original Babystacks (nee Babycakes) off of Smoke Ranch, you know there's a price to pay for amazing gourmet pancakes: the wait can be upwards to an hour. But once you're seated, the food is delish, the service is stellar, and the clientele includes a lot of cute Islander boys.  OK, maybe it's just me that noticed that.  Well, Babystacks has a new location off of Stephanie in Henderson. The food is still delish, the service is still stellar, the Islander boys are still cute...  And we walked right in. **gasp**  I went off the pancake menu (finally) and gave their omelettes a try, opting for my beloved chili omelette. They boasted Hawaiian-style chili, which was even sweeter than a Chicago or Cincinnati chili, but still really good. I added a babystack of S'Mores pancakes. If i had one complaint about the place, it's that I thought adding a babystack of pancakes would get me 2 regular-sized pancakes. Instead, they're mini-pancakes.  Boo your face. If I had known that, I would have stuck with the pancakes and tell the omelette, "Excuse you, buster, do you know where you're at? I need pancakes and I need them right meow."  But I digress. That was the only downside to our experience. Elite Emily had the Adobo Fried Rice, which has been widely lauded elsewhere, and she enjoyed it, though she had the same reaction to her Red, White, and Blue babystack pancakes.  Our server was great, and she kept us refilled with a big smile. The place feels new and clean -- a good thing since it just opened.  I definitely will come back. Carrot cake pancakes, you're next on my hit list.
5 Color me a fan.  I never made the trip all the way out west to try any of the older BabyStacks Cafe locations, but now that they're easily accessible to us Henderson-lings, I made it a point to go as soon as I reasonably could. That opportunity came this morning.  Walking in, I saw that it was packed and that people were sitting in the front area. Bit of confusion at the front when they didn't ask me whether I wanted to sit down or make a to-go order, so I asked if I could sit. Most of the tables looked full, and I wasn't sure whether the people in the front were waiting for a table or for a to-go order, but one of the employees told me that they had room at the counter and I immediately accepted.  After agonizing over the menu for a while, I went ahead and got a full stack of red velvet pancakes ($8.95) with a side of two eggs ($2.00), scrambled per my choice. It took about 10 minutes for my order to come out, but I don't mind a little wait when the food is supposed to be good.  Turns out that it was really, really good. What I saw was a platter of six red pancakes, each about four inches in diameter, topped with a huge dollop of cold whipped cream, a dusting of chocolate sprinkles, and a plastic cup of cream cheese "syrup" (plus a second cup later when my server asked if I wanted more). What I tasted was absolute indlgence. The fluffy pancakes with a bit of crispiness on the edges, the cold cream to provide a temperature contrast, and the almost buttery syrup were all enjoyable to the last bite, even after I got almost sickeningly full. Heavenly.  Eggs were alright. Not sure if they were even large eggs, but I wanted some protein so I got some. Maybe I could've added a bit of salt, but no biggie. They served their purpose.  I wish that they'd stay open for dinner, but I'll take what I can get. Hopefully their Hawaiian/Filipino specialites measure up to the luxurious red velvet pancakes. I will certainly be back.
5 LOVED this restaurant. I had the adobo omelette and substituted garlic rice for steamed rice.   My only complaint was that it took a while for the server to take our order. However, she did have something like 4 tables sat at the same time, as a former server I understand how horribly annoying that is, so it didn't anger me... Just made me more hungry for my adobo :-)
3 Red Velvet pancakes are great! I would definitely order again. I did love the topping creations for Orange Creamsicle, the Pineapple, and Bananas Fosters but the pancakes fell flat. .literally. They were more dense than fluffy for me. At first I thought maybe they were new crew in kitchen but I've tried three different times already and each time same thing. Red Velvet is a different batter than the others Im guessing because texture wise outer layer has a slight crisp.   Nutella one is too dry. .needs fruit. .and there is an extra charge for fruit. The pancakes are standard size. Short stack portion was enough for me.   Take into consideration I am comparing their pancakes to 808's Eggs n Things. So my expectations are a bit unrealistic. I guess if you haven't tried the pancakes in Hawaii these are good enough. Like I said I love the topping creations and syrups used here.   Other savory dishes so far I liked. Although it doesn't take much effort to fry up Portuguese sausage, spam and eggs. Garlic fried rice is good with Loco Moco,  but the other Filipino restaurant around the corner makes a killer Adobo Loco Moco. The Chili breakfast skillet tasted good but not enough chili and certainly not worth paying almost nine dollars for it. I really want to love this place but so far it's falling short food wise.  Sigh.....  Service is great. Love the ambiance of this place with the island reggae jams playing in the background. The times I've been here it hasn't been too busy. So if you wake up early enough you won't have any trouble waiting for a table. Like their other restaurants they do implement the no reservations and they won't seat you till everyone in your party is present.   I still have yet to make it through the rest of the menu. 3.8 for now.  I still have yet to try their lemon ricotta pancakes!  Maybe that will send it over a solid four star worthy rating for me.
5 My Husband and I are in love with Baby Stacks Cafe!!! The omelets and skillets are great with plenty of toppings and unlimited combinations. The buttermilk pancakes are FANTASTIC! The coffee is pretty generic, but still good! We will be returning to this wonderful breakfast shop!
4 Nice little spot for breakfast. The atmosphere is kid friendly. Food is fresh and there is a ton of choices for pancakes and crepes. The only two gripes I have is the price, and when you order the crepes or pancakes they don't come with eggs or hash browns, so you will end up paying more for sides. The service is friendly. All and all a good place to eat breakfast.
4 Love this place for breakfast, lunch, or brunch! Too bad they are not open for dinner. :)  The food and service has always been great. But I had to give them 4 out of 5 stars because the wait for our food is a little longer than normal compared to similar restaurants.
3 Sorry babystacks! I love you but I gotta give u 3 stars for now! We got there at 11 and told that there will be a 20 mins wait, but we got sat down 10 mins early.. Which is good. Then we started ordering at 11:10am and we got our food at 11:42.. Really 35 mins? and the funny thing is that the people got there 10 mins after us got their food out first. yup! but hey don't get me wrong i love the pancakes! best pancakes in vegas! ill never get tired of going to babystacks! ;) it just that it happened for the first time that i got disappointed with the service, and pls always check your customers needs!
5 Had the Ricks adobo fried rice omelet and OMG it was a mouthgasm. The service was so good and food  arrived so fast i could've sworn i was at McDonalds. Go eat there now, the end
3 First of all, glad to have one on my side of town--yay!  Is it as good as the other locations? To be honest...nope! Something is definitely lacking here taste wise. Sadly, underwhelming.  In a couple visits, I was able to order and sample the following:  -Red velvet pancakes, still good, but not great. Cream cheese syrup is a must! -Cinnabon pancakes, nice flavor, but dry texture. -Bananas foster pancakes, my favorite! The sauce was amazing--not too sweet =) -Pineapple pancakes, tasted like pineapple upside cake!  Also, tasted like there was like some kind of liqeur in there...rum? Probably not. Had mine with cream cheese syrup (extra 0.75)  -Loco moco w/ garlic rice, patty sucks...plain and simple. It didn't have any flavor. Seemed like a frozen patty. I thought they made their own? Oh well. Not ordering this anymore. -Adobo fried rice (Our server called it "adoBE" fried rice...hehe). This one was a winner, actually BETTER than the other locations. Massive portion and lots of adobo chunks. Enough for two people to share. -Chili loco moco, pretty good, except they use the same boring patty and really skimp on the chili. Wish they topped the plate with more chili. -Kahlua pig grilled cheese, eh OK. It is missing a flavor profile. Maybe add a slaw for tang and texture or a nice aioli?  No matter what, I will still come here because I really do love Babystacks. I hope the food tastes better tho =X
3 I have to admit I haven't been the biggest fan of Babystacks, so when my OG wanted to check this place out now that they've opened a location closer to him, I was reluctant, but always up a food expedition.  We arrived on Memorial Day and it was not busy. We were seated quickly and I decided to finally order the adobo omelet I've had my eye on for a while. The rice was flavorful, but just a little on the dry side. I would have probably preferred if it was just the rice and skipped the egg, but I enjoyed it.   I also ordered the red, white and blue pancakes that were on special for the day. Topped with blueberries, strawberries and whipped cream, I wish I had gone with my first instinct and asked that they forego the white chocolate chips. The pancakes would've been better without them. The pancakes were good, but like the other locations, they are small and not very fluffy. They did taste good, however.  We had a good meal and I got to spend time with some of my favorite people, so that's a plus. It's a good addition to this location and I see them being successful here.
1 Earlier today I was in Henderson. I didn't want to drive back on my side of town to get to baby stacks(buffalo and flamingo). So I had a 'oh what the heck' attitude and went to this baby stacks.   Why did I rate 1 star? I was very disappointed in this baby stacks. My girlfriend and I ordered 2 full stacks of pancakes. We waited ALMOST 40 MINUTES for our order to come thru. What made me really mad is that we didn't even get any compensation. Like a discount or even free side dishes like hash browns. Even before we could order, our waiter didn't even greet us nor take our order in a timely manner. So after 40 minutes of waiting we finally got our meal. The pancakes tasted bland and they were also burnt. At this point I didn't want to make a scene. So I forcefully ate my burnt pancakes and wanted to leave.   Never again will I ever go to this location. And to be honest, I feel like this place is just hype. Some of the prices for food are just ridiculous for the amount of food you get. I feel like most of the food they serve, you can make at home... Let's be real. For the amount of food they give you, quality of the food, bad service, do you really want to spend your hard earned money here?
4 I would have given them more stars if there greeters would have greeted me.  I had to interrupt them chatting with each other to ask to put my name on the list.  Banana cream pancakes were amazing and so were the red velvet and Rick's Adobo fried rice!  We love this place!
5 Thanks to babystacks I've found the reason behind American obesity.   AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE.
5 I'll be coming more often! I heard so many good things about this place and I finally decided to come and let me tell you, it did not disappoint! Red velvet pancakes are to die for.
2 Where do I begin? Well I woke up really hungry. Especially from dieting a whole week, so I though... "I wanna splurge, just a little more, today!" So I was going to go to IHOP, but my brother and his family wanted to eat. And, we ultimately decided in Babystacks.   This place was packed. I'm assuming it's because it's a new eatery and people wanted to try. We waited about 15 minutes before being seated.  I was having a hard time to decide because there was so much in the menu, which wasn't that aesthetic to the eyes. It was hard to understand the menu.   I got spam and eggs with garlic rice and pancakes. The rest of the group got the fried rice, Portuguese sausage, red velvet pancakes and steak.   I like my spam crispy and brown, this was lightly grilled and soft. The garlic rice was better than bland. It had flavor. BUT, it was still pretty bland. I could tell that there was onions and garlic powder but a little salt with the rice would have been better.   Pancakes had a unique flavor. I've had really good, fluffy, sponge-like pancakes at different restaurants, but this was pretty dense and tasteless. (I do have really good tastebuds, that's why I'm on a diet from enjoying too much food.)  I'm not sure what the other Yelpers think is so great about this adobo fried rice, but I've had Hawaiian and Filipino fried rice... And THIS, was not authentic adobo. Instead of adobo meat, it was adobo rice with shredded meat. If you're a shoyu addict, enjoy this meal. It was soaked with soy sauce. Couldn't even taste the "adobo meat," which I think was a pigment of my imagination in this dish. Reconsider the adobo fried rice, and get it somewhere else.   Loco-moco's patties were flavorless, eggs were undercooked, food wasn't treated with love.  For the price of the food here, I would have gone somewhere else. If you're gonna have hawaiian-themed food, have hawaiian sized meals.   I am super sad because I had high expectations. Food is not outstanding. Service was good. Wanted more out of it. I'm going to another place for b-fast.
4 Nice new location out in Henderson, staff is cool, on top of things and friendly. Open 7/2 & 7/3 sun.. Not even crowded at this location yet.... Clean bathrooms always a plus, and Valerie was friendly, knowledgable, and quik w it!! Food came out fast and wasn't disappointing!  This Babystacks  is a great new addition to the places in my circle
4 THANK YOU for finally opening a Henderson location! The food was great as always and the service was good also, it was wonderful to avoid driving 30 minutes to eat my favorite breakfast joint in town.
4 I love breakfast so I was so excited to find a Babystacks opened in my neighborhood.  Now when I want a sweet sugary breakfast I know where I'm going. The red velvet pancakes are a given, but I really like the lemon ricotta pancakes too and they come with the same cream cheese syrup.  I'm sure this place is gonna get crowded in no time.
3 Decor: 3/5 -Bright cafe that closes at 2pm -Some of the tables wobble  Service: 4/5 -The food came out fairly quick.  -Service was extremely friendly.  Food: 3/5 -The pancakes were delicious. We tried the banana cream and the carrot cake. The banana cream was rich and sweet.  -Most of my party liked the banana cream more than the carrot cake. I liked the carrot cake more. The cream cheese syrup is mmm mmm delicious. -Rick's Adobo fried rice was my favorite and large enough to share between 2-3 adults. -The loco moco was too hyped up. Too much brown gravy that masked the flavor of the beef and eggs. Wait, there were eggs? All I noticed was beef patties, rice and gravy.  -The Portuguese sausage had a distinct taste however nothing to brag home about. It was also very very greasy.
3 Baby Stacks is a good breakfast spot. I was not overly impressed. It was filling and we were seated promptly and had attentive service. I am a bacon and egg guy mostly. I had the Chicken fried steak. It seemed like it was from a frozen bag of CFS's and the gravy was not mixed well. So far 2 Baby Stacks and I am not seeing what the hype is.My meal came with standard pancakes that were dry. Others in my party swear by Baby Stacks but unless you are a pancake lover maybe it is not for you. I can say the staff is friendly and they serve you well.
3 I am willing to give this place another try.  With my first visit here i am still unsure.  I ended up getting the country bene with the addition spam and the gravy on the side and an order of the mac salad.  The eggs where poached nicely which is hard to find a good place to cook them right.  The sausages patties where pretty flavor full along with the biscuit that they place it on.  I am glad i asked for the gravy on the side since that needed some flavor same goes for the mac salad.  Needed some more acid in the mayo mixture.  Overall it was a decent meal for the price.  I was shocked that it was cash only with a little sign tapped to the counter near the register, Good thing i had cash on me.  Service was good food was hot.  Like i said before i will give this place another try maybe for lunch.
1 Wife called to place an order to go.  First, they put her on hold, then hung up on her.  When we called back, they said "we are too busy right now, call back in 15 min".  Wow, if they can't even take a to go order, I wonder what the inside looks like.
5 You can never have enough of a good thing in life! I have always been Huge fan of the Babystacks Cafe most notable for the Red Velvet Pancakes. Really comes too breakfast foods or a recovery meal after long day of training for triathlon. No other spot look forward to refuel. Besides the fact can get some local moco, portuguese sausage, spam, and all kine local grinds takes me back to 808. I never been too this location before use too another location closer too home on the other side of town. I was excited too hear about this new location because its closer too the Lake and the perfect spot on the way back from training can get my recovery meal in. Just so happen my review for Babystacks Cafe was for day of training but not at the Lake.  Naturally you would expect lot of similarities between all three locations. I have only been too two of the three. Coming to this location felt like everything was just as five star experience at the other location. I love the decor from the speciality board when you first walk in. One that most people forget too check out. Some days that pancakes specials make my favorite Red Velvet not sound so Ono. Make point too check it out! They have little coffee bar area so if eating by yourself perfect spot chill get your breakfast on. The tables are little tight packed so depending on the crowd feels like in on the next table conversation. Really not that bad. The service I read some review that felt like the service was slow, poor, and not very good. I got here little early but they still went ahead and sat me. Once I was seated got asked what like to drink very quickly and waitress greeted me. She was very nice since I was waiting on friend. She like take your time and no problem. The service was awesome!   I mixed it up this visit. I ordered the Huntington Omelette. I substituted egg whites always feels make any omelette better. Not normally Omelette guy but love the fact that nice size one. It packed with filling everything and the melted cheese on top with sliced of fresh avocado. You put some of that pico de gallo sauce on top brings it all together. The seasoned fries for my side delicious. It really is the prefect hearty breakfast of champions!!! One that not matter the menu selection spot on delicious!! Happy that now have one on each side of town get my Babystacks Cafe on........
4 Their pancakes are always amazing & the sizes are perfect for a side or a full stack as a meal. Each pancake is about the size of a coffee cup saucer. The locations are fairly small and can have up to a 30-45 min wait on weekends. Get there early in the morning or around 1 and the crowds are pretty low.
5 I had the Adobo Fried Rice and my wife Country Eggs Benedict.  Both cooked perfectly, brought out quickly and tasted very fresh.  Waitress checked on us often enough to be sure we were being taken care of but not so often as to be annoying.  They have a very creative menu and you could go there four or five times and order an item not served in another restaurant.  You could also go there and get the Ham and Eggs.  Small restaurant with a very personable staff at the front desk and throughout the restaurant.  I plan to go there next time and have the Portuguese Sausage and Eggs or the Whole Wheat French Toast rolled in cereal flakes.
5 Let me start by saying how thrilled I am that there is another excellent place in Henderson to have breakfast.  I was most impressed with the extensive and creative menu.  I enjoyed a pork Benedict, while my girlfriend had a very nice omelet.  I'm already looking forward to out next visit and trying out perhaps some of their other Hawaiian oriented things...maybe a little Spam and Eggs ;-)  The service was excellent, the place was clean and prices very reasonable.
5 Great food, comes fast once you order. This is now the 3rd location but the first in Henderson. There is usually a 25-30 minute wait no matter which location you arrive at. Very much worth the wait!
4 This is my second time going to a Babystacks, the first location I went to Durango and it didn't think it was horrible so I wanted to check out the location in Henderson.   I feel like the long wait for a table on the weekends are inevitable, so be ready to wait and make sure that your whole party is there so once the table is ready you can go party with your pancakes and eggs. The food was OK, nothing extraordinary but I do favor their pancakes AND I'm a waffle kind of girl, so it's a kindaaaaaaaaa a huge deal!   The decor is quaint and some tables are wobbly but their workers are sweet and very friendly and when you've been waiting an hour to sit down, those are the kind of people you need to be serving you. Overall good experience, and I definitely recommend their pancakes & adobo fried rice
4 First time here.  We didn't know what to expect, but were pleased with the fresh food and friendly staff.  It's a great quick stop when you need good food fast.  I would would come back for sure.  Only thing to change is that the eggs were closer to looking soft boiled then eggs Benedict should be.  Good clean atmosphere!
4 We ordered lots of stuff from the menu...Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, Garlic Rice with eggs and bacon, Red Velvet pancakes, and Mexican Skillet.    The garlic rice was ok.  Kinda harsh garlic flavor.  The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes were great.  It's thin and more like a thick crepe, but the sauce was awesome.  The red velvet pancakes were even better!!!  I would definitely come back for them.  The pancakes come with a cream cheese frosting that isn't too sweet.  Perfect.
5 Food and service were excellent. Didn't have to wait for a table, everything was delicious, friendly staff, good music, pleasant ambience, and they had the World Cup game on tv. I had the two egg breakfast with strawberry pancakes. The whipped cream & syrup tasted incredible and fresh, pancakes were delicious, seasoned potatoes were delicious, waitress was attentive, I just wish I had ordered more pancakes :)
1 First and for most. It's awful when a breakfast place has crappy tasting coffee. The food portions are sort of small for the price you pay, and this place is super over rated just because, they have "cool" pancakes. The space is super cramped. Which makes it hard to get around especially when its packed. The tables are also too damn small. Servers are a hot mess and don't know where to start when it's busy. I waited 20mins to pay! If you just sat a 16top maybe you should ask for some help, and see if another server can check on your tables for you! We never got a water refill and couldn't find a retard to fill it for us! Gah I'm still annoyed thinking about my experience. And it was my 2nd time here thinking ok I'll give it another shot and see what the hype was about. And it ended up being 10x worse than my first experience.   Never again! Can I have my 60$ back please!?!
1 Website says they take to-go orders before 9am on Saturday and Sunday but no one picks up the one before that.
1 We won't go back.   Walked in and were seated almost immediately. Before we even sat in our chairs a server asked us what we want to drink we hadn't even looked at the menu and had no clue what they .  I opted for Diet Coke while my fiancé got Dr Pepper which came out clear.  We ask them to check that apparently the syrup had run out. Took them 10 minutes to get another Dr Pepper to us.    In the same 10 seconds that we were asked what to drink we were asked if we were ready to order again haven't even looked at the menu.  The waitress was overly attentive it was actually annoying.  We both got omelettes and to be honest for 25 bucks I could've fed 25 people at my house.  And it would've tasted better.  I can only assume it's strictly a pancake place.    We felt so rushed in there as the crowd started getting bigger waiting to get seated they look at you and watch you eat.  Paying for your meal is a joke took about 15 minutes just to get to the register to pay.  We gave it a try but we won't go back.
5 First time here! A little small.. The wait was not too bad! Loved the crepes! Can't wait til next weekend to have some more!
5 EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!!! Everyone was so friendly, especially since we had never been to this location before. Pancakes are what they are known for but we tried a bunch of other things, and loved it. COOKIE BUTTER FRENCH TOAST  is the way to go if you arent a pancake lover. Our server was consistent, I think her name was Nikki, she kept up with our coffee and even brought us 2% milk for my husband, hes a little picky about his coffee. We will become regular customers, cant wait to return.. see ya this weekend babystacks!!!
