4 Stopped by after work to take a look around and I have to say I love the concept.  A little too tired to give it a proper taste test today but likely heading back tomorrow or Sunday to further investigate F.A.M.E.'s nightmarket concept is without a doubt something new to The Strip and with skewered meats, dim sum, stir fry, dessert, and even a permanent Fukuburger Truck with late night hours I can definitely see this place serving as a change of pace from the largely corporate offerings of The Linq dining while also serving up some excellent grub for late night revelers not entirely sober enough to drive to Spring Mountain.
4 Items Selected: Bourban Chicken Karaage Orange Chicken Suimai/Shumai Tamago Burger - furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried egg Jazz Fries - Togarashi-garlic fries with brown gravy and 'crack sauce' Barbeque Duck and Pork combo  Unknown to the reservations department at Caesars' and inciting an "I don't believe it is open yet" when I contacted The Linq concierge suffice it to say that the "Asian Nightmarket"-inspired F.A.M.E. quietly opened to the public on Friday and having stopped in to see the space then I returned the next day just after the doors opened at 11am to give it a taste, my seventy-minute visit curated by the expansive venue's two owners while a young, energetic staff buzzed around explaining the concept to curious customers. Not only new but decidedly nontraditional in its format with several stations encompassing stir-fry, soups, dim-sum, BBQ, Thai, Korean, Chinese Take-Out, and the first stationary Fukuburger it should be expected that F.A.M.E. is not yet firing on all cylinders - Beard Papa, boba, in-house pastry, and Fochun upstairs coming soon - but with full meals unlikely to top $15/pp and hours extending to 2am the concept is already poised to make waves as nearly everything I tasted was quite good. Beginning first with a few bites of chicken - a trio of karaage, 'bourban,' and orange - I was immediately impressed by the crunchy sapor of the first while the last was a touch too sweet and moving next through a basket of juicy shumai my attention turned to the 'truck,' my first Fukuburger moist and rich even before being gilded with a slightly overcooked egg and punchy accoutrements. Rarely impressed by potatoes but finding the crispy 'jazz' fries quite addicting as I chatted with the team about the upcoming "art, music, and entertainment" it was just prior to noon when my final plate arrived and with both duck and pork crispy yet supple beneath a touch of acid-sweet sauce I immediately swooned, a $12 plate worth the drive from Spring Mountain to The Strip as opposed to the other way around.
1 Went here tonight, I know it's only been open 1 day but there are some serious flaws in the concept.  The food was ok, nothing very good.  It is crazy expensive.  I know it's the strip but you are paying $6 for 4 tiny shumai.  Or $9 for a bowl with 1 cup of rice, 1/4 cup of beef and 2 strips of pickled ginger.  I got the BBQ duck and pork plate, $16.  The duck was bad, there was no meat on any of the bones and it was super fatty.  They did not render the fat out.  The pork was pretty good.  The pork bao was not very good, the bao was the frozen variety.  After asking for a beer and getting a crazy look from a girl at their bar, I asked if they were still open.  She shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't know.  5 minutes later I saw another guy at the bar, I told him what happened.  He apologized and got me an Asahi draft for $9.19!  Ok despite the prices there are other issues.  The presentation is worse than Panda Express.  There is no thought put into how the food looks.  The whole set up is super confusing.  There are some signs and pricing but some booths have no signs or very minimal signs.  Plus you have to pay at every booth.  You want bao, wait in line and pay.  Ramen?  Wait in line and pay.  Beer.  Hope someone is there, wait and pay.  My friend ordered shumai and since it's so disorganized they gave it to someone else after her.  Very poor set up.  Ultimately for the price, you expect better food and service.  I know they opened yesterday and it's a beautiful space, but quite frankly this concept is not working in its current state.  I wish them the best but I won't be back.
2 I will have to agree with Sasha's review! Its a new concept, new restaurant opening but they need to fix some of the flaws that Sasha and I experienced. Before I provide my experience, I will say, Cool concept! Definitely reminds me of when I was in China, Thailand and Philippines going to their night markets. The hotness in there definitely reminded me of my visits to Asia.  I wish it was a little cooler especially in the summer.  I enjoy the different Asian cuisines in one place. From what I could see the cuisines represented were Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese and Fuku burger (which is one of my favorite food trucks in town).  I thought overall there would be more options and the food quality in the window would look better even Panda Express food looks like the freshness and quality is better.  I would have to agree that buying food from different places were annoying.  What was more annoying is asking for something and the worker at the front had no idea what I was talking about.  I wanted the summer rolls in which the cashier gave me but then I said, where is the peanut sauce? He replied we don't have that. I said, um, its right there in your display and who would serve summer rolls without peanut sauce? He looked confused. I pointed to the display and he said, oh let me ask. You need to hire people that are knowledgeable in the cuisine.  We paid for our 2 choice plate. After we ordered from the "Chinese" panda express looking station, we went to the next station to order the bento looking set to include, BBQ pork and duck. I didn't think it was worth $16. And very true about the duck... I took a bite and it was bones! Yuck! It wasn't even good after I had to wait 15 minutes for my food.  The food took forever to come out! And there wasn't that many people in line. (Possible kitchen still learning the process?) We paid at another station for the plate.  Now off to fuku burger... To get our tamago burger and fries with crack sauce and side Mac salad.  This is the only place that knows what they are doing flawless service and good food. Now we want boba and beer and we are off to the next station. I have never waited for boba for 20 minutes.  Why did it take so long? They made orders for people behind me and forgot my boba. By the end I was annoyed.   If I have to spend that much money on fast food, I would rather eat at Brooklyn Bowl or Chayo.  I spent just as much at those restaurants and the quality is better.  I may give them a couple more months to see if they fixed "new restaurant opening flaws". First, easy fix, start with hiring people who are serving the food and cashiers know what they are serving!
4 Yes, I am a fan - of their slushee watermelon boba that is :) We had wandered in one night to check the place out after having dinner at Chayo nearby. I glanced up at the menu at the station right by the entrance and was intrigued when I saw the word "slushee" up there. I was too full to have any right then but made a mental note to possibly come back for it the next day.  By the way, there was a friendly worker near the entrance who gave us a quick explanation of the whole night market concept and encouraged us to check out all the different stations :)  We came back the next day for their slushee bobas. The menu was no longer up; instead, the DVD menu for a Bruce Lee movie was up :p I had to ask the guy at the station for the different flavors they had available. He had me at watermelon lol. It took him a few minutes to make it. I had a bit of sticker shock when he told me the price when he rang me up - over $9! It made my sister change her mind about getting her own and it was big enough for the two of us to share anyway. (But it's so nice and refreshing you might not want to share lol.)  Yes, it was expensive. But it was a generous portion (one size only) and very refreshing (lots of actual slices of watermelon were used). Perfect for a day when temperatures reached triple digits!
1 Needs better serving attendants, doesn't  show office hours , servers don't know when the restaurant opens and when open Servers aren't ready chefs are not present when open this only for Fuku .
1 I had high hopes for this place when I heard that it was opening. Asian food in the heart of Vegas's newest attraction, the Linq. That sounds like good news to me and good is what I was expecting. Unfortunately, my hopes were shot down soon after watching my friend order food.   They have a boba place inside as well as a place where you can order dishes like a restaurant and a place where you can order food down a line like Panda Express. Looking at the prices that they had at the boba place, it was a little pricy and I can't expect it to have that much better quality than somewhere off the strip, and so I deem the price a little higher than normal. I understand rent must be expensive, but they won't be making money with higher prices.   The area where you can order food had a variety of dishes from different Asian cuisines, but this again was a little expensive. I can't imagine it tasting any better than somewhere off the strip at a specific ethnic restaurant, and especially for the price they were charging, $11 for fried rice is a little much. They also have dim sum & dumplings and they list it out what kind they have on the window. The prices are a little expensive for how much they give you, which is the usual 4 at traditional dim sum places. $4.99+ for an order is not worth getting while you are there, you might as well go out somewhere else off the strip for dim sum.   The area where you can pick out food like at Panda Express was also pricy and it didn't look very good, it seemed as though it was sitting out there for a while. When my friend ordered food from there, she got the duck and they microwaved it... You know, when you're at home at they're leftovers, it's ok to microwave food, but when you order food from outside of your own home, that ain't cool bro. That right there was just shocking for me that a place would even do that. So I don't think the food will look too appetizing unless it came fresh out of the kitchen, just make sure they don't microwave the food before they give it to you.  Last but not least, when my friend's food was finished, they brought the food out to where we were sitting. When the waitress (or whatever category you want to put them in) brought out her food, the tray didn't have utensils and the waitress said she forgot and asked her to get it herself. Umm... I think that's a little bit rude to say, and you have a job where you mostly stand right next to the front anyways, so I don't understand why she couldn't have just gotten them right after.   I don't mind the higher prices of the places inside the Linq, I can at least understand that much, but when you have unappealing food, microwave food, and have bad service, that's a big nono there. Eat before you go to the Linq if you can.
1 Needs A LOT of work.   The set up of the place is pretty confusing. There was no greeter at the door. The place was pretty darn slow on a Saturday night (there was a TON of people at the Linq the night I went and the other restaurants were busy) so there shouldn't be an excuse for the workers to just stand there if a customer  walks in. What bothered me the most was that I had to get their attention when I wanted to order. I noticed that the workers just socialized amongst themselves and some of them were seated on the bar stools talking to the other workers behind the counter. Not a single employee asked/acknowledge my presence when I walked around. I even stood right next to an employee, I made eye contact w/ him and he didn't even say anything to me. My little brother just wanted to grab a quick bite so I just ended up getting 6 assorted cream puffs for about $20 from Beard Papa's. The cream puffs were good (a bit pricy). My little brother ordered a tamago burger and fries from Fuku Burger for $13. Overall I'm disappointed at my experience here because of the staff. Hopefully they can make improvements. I expect more from a place like this. It's a new restaurant in a new and popular mall on the strip; the service should be up to par because of all the competition.
3 The place was pretty empty on a Sunday around 7:00PM. Not a bad concept but service was slow and I can't imagine ordering anything if they were packed.   As a new resident of Las Vegas I had to try Fuku so I ordered the Tamago burger with a side of jazz fries. It was good but not great. The teriyaki sauce in addition to the fried onion strings were extremely salty. The beer was a little pricy but I wouldn't mind coming back for a beer, sit outside in their patio area and watch the crowd passing by.
1 This review is for the FAME concept in general, not the individual food stall that I tried. When I first heard of the concept - Asian street market and lounge, I was pretty excited. I've been to Hawker Centers in Singapore and the international food courts of malls in Bangkok, Hong Kong, and Macau and the food there is always great with a fun, high energy environment. FAME was none of those things - it was just an over glorified, expensive lounge-y looking food court.  IMHO, they tried a little too hard on the decor - you really just needed some plastic folding tables, plastic chairs, fluorescent lighting and you'd have something more authentic.   The layout is confusing - some stalls had menus while others didn't. Boba was $9. Need I continue? Stalls included a Beard Papa-boba/dessert place, a Fuku burger, noodle stall, and some dim sum/Chinese BBQ stall. We dropped by around noon on Saturday to check the place out and it was dead. Walked by the Fuku burger and it peaked our interest. I eventually did come back around 1:50 am and ate at Fuku Burger and really liked my meal (got the #5 with jazz fries - good drunk food at reasonable prices). The one downside of Fuku is that it closes at 2 a.m. - it really should be open until at least 3 or 4 a.m. for the club crowd to sober up at.   Overall, they need to totally rethink the execution of this place - bring in some high profile brands from LA's SGV and let them set up shop here. Boba can be from Half and Half, desserts from Bambu - it can still be overpriced  b/c as of right now, it's the only option for that kind of stuff on the Strip. At this point,  I'd recommend driving over to Chinatown if you want to get your asian grub on. Only go here if you are desperate for boba, or if you want some good fusion-y burgers.
1 Loved the concept.. Wish I could say the same for the food.  We came here on a Thursday afternoon, and it was super empty. There were maybe 5 or 6 different stations to get food. After looking at what each station had to offer, we decided on getting the roast duck and pork combo for 14.99 or 15.99 (I can't remember).   DO NOT GET THE DUCK!  Instead of getting FRESH duck from the window.. We ended up getting MICROWAVED leftovers! The pork was microwaved, the duck was microwaved, even the vegetables that came with the dish was microwaved. Seriously?! We paid 15 dollars for some microwaved leftovers?? What's even worse is that they don't even try and hide the fact that they're giving you microwaved food. The microwave is on the front counter in plain sight.  Regardless, we still decided to give the food a try. The pork was edible. Not great but not the worst. My fiancé and I both tried one piece of duck.. It was pretty fatty, and had a lot of bones with barely any meat. We also noticed it had a foul smell to it.. Think it must have been really old duck. Needless to say, we ended up tossing the rest away. Disgusting.
4 Just had the tasting here with my team. The owner from Taiwan, David Wu, is a really cool gentleman and more like an artist than a businessman. Their price is extremely reasonable. The decor is on the LOFT style and with Fuku burger, the food truck, inside the restaurant. Their Singapore noodles, lobsters, beef tofu soup, and pan seared dumplings are really good. The variety here is amazing. You got dim sum, Chinese food, Taiwanes snacks, ramen, and HK BBQ. It's a economical place to hang out on the strip if you are craving for some Taiwanese, HK, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food.
3 Ah fame! I should have known by how empty it was that I should have not eaten here. I came specifically for FUKUBURGER! I love em. Love love love em. I was super disappointed that the price point was so much higher than the truck but I get why.   The place was cool, modern, they had a DJ, and they had a lot of staff. I didn't try anything but did have jazz fries and a fuku burger that was obviously delicious.   I can't say id go back. For the price there are so many other choices say nearby china town for the type of food they offer here.   I'd only come back for fuku if the truck wasn't around.  Did I mention the setup for Fukuburger is really cool?
1 This place needs some serious work. I admire the decor, it looks really hip and fresh, but food wise, this place is way too expensive, and honestly, poor quality.   FAME seems like it's set up to be like a modern Asian Market Place with vendors lined up kind of like a lunch line. There was Fuku Burger at one end of the area, which my friends ended up eating at and said it was pricier than the food truck. I chose to go to the opposite side of the area, where they showcased duck and pork hanging (kind of like Sam Woo BBQ, if anyone is familiar with that restaurant). I ordered the duck and pork combo and switched the rice out for noodles (lo-mein possibly), which came out to $18. While I definitely thought this was way over-priced for something trying to mimic an Asian Market (where prices are cheap as hell, helloooo i.e. Philippines, Thailand, etc), I still gave it a fair shot.    Still, the quality of food was garbage. I literally saw them microwave the duck. They didn't cut it from the duck hanging in the window, and when the server brought the food to my table, she forgot my utensils and said, "Oh shoot, I forgot to give you utensils, can you just get them?" Smh. Also, the manager scolded one of his workers in front of me for not giving someone a number card, really not professional.   The food tasted old, not fresh, and the duck was soggy. The pork was reasonable, but definitely not $18 worth. The noodles were so-so, oily, and not very flavorful, and the side vegetables were oily and also not fresh.   If this place wants to survive, they need to cut prices, work on quality of food, big time, and work on customer service. I was really disappointed with this place, be wary.
2 This review is for Beard Papa's.   Beard Papa's cream puffs are mediocre and unappetizing. I tried the original and their was hardly any vanilla cream on the inside and it was also extremely bland. I expressed my concerns to the manager and he was nice enough to refund me and let me sample  the cookie dough cream puff. The cookie dough puff tasted nothing like cookie dough and had the same bland filling in the middle.   Both stars are for the friendly and passionate manager.
1 Seen this place a few times, decided to walk in to ask for a menu,  they said no menu, just like that not helpful at all. Place was completely empty besides me then this security guard walked in and they offered him a sample but not me. Wanted to order a soup but was completely ignored then this lady who didn't understand English came out and couldn't help me at all so I left frustrated. With no food or tea!
1 Was really excited to visit this place but it was such a disappointment. I didn't try the boba cause it was a ridiculous $7.99 just for the drink and then an extra $.99 just for the boba, say what!!??? So finally decided to get the roasted duck and It was absolutely not edible and disgusting, they microwaved it right in front of me lolll. Anyways I hope they get their stuff right soon cause if not I see this place going bye bye soon.
4 I love the idea of this place and since it has a fuku burger it wins me over. I tried the bbq pork too and it was tender and tasty . I hope they continue to experiment and to expand the menu . I will for sure visit again on my next trip .
2 TURN DOWN THE DAMN MUSIC!! the cream puff I had at that papa place was pretty good. Couldn't hear anything though.
2 After reading most of the reviews, they're pretty accurate. I still haven't had their ramen or Asian food combinations, but I've had their FUKU Burger, Boba Lounge, and Beard Papa.   Fukuburger is by far the most hyped up burger joint on the planet. I had their burgers when they first opened up, and they were pretty decent. But this place is a disaster. The two times I've been here, including today, they messed up on our order and forgot to give us food that we ordered until we asked them. How hard is it to look at what you need to make it and make it? I get it, people make mistakes, but twice in a row they mess up? I guess third strike and they're out. But on top of that, their Tamago is just a big mess. They just throw all the ingredients together and call it food. The fried onions are always stale now. I'm not paying 9 bucks for a messy burger.   Boba Lounge. You're getting what you're paying for. 9 bucks for traditional fruit slush, real fruits, and honey infused boba in a big ass cup. And if for a big twist, add a shot for 5 more bucks. Service is cute too, haha.   Beard Papa. I've read some of the reviews for this place, and I've actually had their eclair, and it was pretty good. Haven't had their original cream puff yet, so I'll have to try it.   Overall. Two stars. Boba was good for the price you give em'. Fukuburger is overrated and they need to be more organized. Beard Papa ain't so bad. Pretty good.
3 This place is located at the Linq & very convenient for us, since we were staying at the Quad. During EDC weekend, if you showed your EDC pass, the boba was BOGO. Surprisingly, the actual boba exceeded our expcectations.. it was done nicely!  We also had the fried rice, which was pretty good. I also got the Korean spicy soup, which is pretty pricey (around $14) & I only had a few sips of the soup & quickly realized that I wasn't that hungry afterall (#EDCproblems)
3 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(165/365) "Food.Art.Music.Entertainment"  Buncha negative Nancys I tell you....  Read the reviews....   This place needs work!  No s@#t Sherlock! all new businesses do...   The music is too loud!  Buy earplugs then!   The food is pricey!  Um, your on the strip, so yeah, of course it is!  Great concept here, and they'll only get better with time. It isn't 100% fully open yet, so give FAME time. Fukuburger followers and Beard Papa's fans don't seem to have a problem!? Personally, I would never buy anything from the ramen or Chinese spots, nor would I buy a boba drink out of a machine knowing that there's better quality and selection in nearby Chinatown. Hopefully Beard Papa's opens up other locations around town but until then, I'll be frequenting FAME whenever a Cream Puff craving hits....even more than Sprinkles!  ;)   ALOHA!!!   Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uu  3.5
5 Love this place.  Good ambiance. Good music. GREAT performances!  Try the fresh watermelon slush with lychee jelly and beard papas!
2 Good effort, but a fail in my mind.  It is definitely WAY too loud in there... if I can't have a conversation while yelling... not a spot for me.  Tried the dumplings, burgers and coconuts... and found the price to be fairly high for mediocre 'street' food.  I think the only thing I would be back for is to pick-up some Beard Papas cream puffs.
2 I'm not sure what they were thinking when they thought of this place. It sounded good at first. Asian street food, like a night market, with entertainment. The latter they got down. The night market part? Absolutely not. I just got back from Taiwan and understand the charm of an Asian night market: it's cheap, novel in contents, and diverse. These factors simply do not exist here. Pointless.  If you're used to the sort of "street" crowd at Fukuburger, this will be familiar entertainment. It's hip-hop, basically. If that's your scene - this is for you! As a matter of fact, Fukuburger is there for a mere dollar more than their normal prices.  There is also a boba/smoothie bar combined with Beard Papa. The boba is absurdly expensive. $7 for the smoothie, $8 with boba or jelly. Beard Papa is around $2.50/ea. Though, there is only one filling available to go with the three types of puffs available. It is not the whole deal. I don't understand why.  I'd say more but that's honestly about all there is to say. It's usually empty in there. Lifeless inside. There's just nothing to do other than enjoy music.
4 I went for a smoothie after EDC and it was delicious. Still a bit pricey but it was good & large size. It was mango with rainbow jelly.
2 Stopped by for a late night juice run and was shocked at the prices. $7 for a juice, $8 smoothie and $8/9 with boba added to it. Despite the prices, I decided to stay because I was really craving something different. I settled on a green tea juice without boba since my stomach cannot handle the little gooey stuff. I went up to order and my total came out to almost $10 even though it shouldn't even have been $8. After waiting for my cousin to order her drink, I went to tell the cashier that she messed up my order and all she said was "sorry, but the drink is already being made." I was furious for overpaying but when I saw my drink I was even angrier. I ordered a green tea JUICE without boba and I got a green tea SMOOTHIE with boba. I asked the cashier if I could have another drink since they messed up mine and she said I would have to pay for another one....no thanks.Talk about customer service.  My matcha green tea smoothie was good, but I could not finish it because of the boba. My cousin got a mango smoothie and it was also good.  I probably won't be back for another overpriced drink unless I'm really craving it.
