5 Sweet potato tots to die for! I also had chicken fingers that have many different flavors to choose from. But they are huge! And juicy and full of flavor! The fixed up the dining area so cute.. Looks and seems clean which is def important in my book!  My friends that I ate with had really good things to say about the dishes they ordered.  The also have an interesting breakfast:)  I work in this area and so I am def looking forward to trying out many if the other items in the menu.... Off to a good start I would say!
1 We have ordered here 2 times, and both times we have gotten raw food, One we ordered fingers, and they were pink in the middle. Another time  we ordered a burger, the burger was raw!!! We didn't even order it rare!!!
5 We have been here several 3 times in the last few weeks and each time the food was excellent!  We've tried something different each time and have been delighted at how tasty each item has been.  Great salad made with Kale instead of just plain lettuce for a healthier option, HUGE chicken wings fried to perfection, the Turkeygiving Burger that gives the Bobbie a run for it's money and the Chicken N Waffles..oh la la....Absolutely Delish! We will be back again very soon!
5 Great wings and an assortment of wonderful healthy options for you.  Although if you're not watching what you're eating, try the chicken n waffles and the PB & J pancakes!
5 I tried this place out after looking through the "hot and new" filter of Las Vegas restaurants. It's located on industrial by the Can Can room and some adult stores.  I was a little skeptical with the idea as a picture of the menu reminded me of SkinnyFats so I thought it was like a knock off, but I actually had a good experience.  You order at the register and there's about 3 or four booths and a couple of tables so the place is pretty small. They have paper menus by the register and their menus also hang off of the ceiling.   They have burgers, wings, fries, wraps, and salads.  We had a nice young gentlemen who took our order, brought out our food, and cleaned up after us. It was nice that he checked on us a few times. With this type of ordering system they have you usually just get your food dropped off and that's it.  I got the thanksgiving burger with sweet potato fries, a 4 piece fingers with fries, and a 6 piece wings with fries. This was for three people.   My burger was really good! The patty was seasoned well, was juicy, and some tasty herbs. It had Sage mayo, cranberry, and stuffing. The sweet potato fries were good and the serving was just right. My only criticism of this is they should totally butter the bun and toast it slightly & they should put more mayo. I know that's fat but it would really make a difference.  The regular fries were also delicious & their fingers were on point. Nicely seasoned, juicy still, & a good portion.  I always consider food cost and what I'm getting so I felt good about the meal after we all left.  After I left I didn't feel like they tried to rip SkinnyFats anymore. I think their focus may be more on the chicken items hence their name.   All in all I'd go back for sure to try some other things. It was clean, the staff was nice, it's affordable, and they have a lot of unique things.  The staff should definitely put out a better tip jar. Just saying. The paper cup isn't cute. I just left it under the cup I left. Hope they got it!
3 My first impression about this place is ... What an awkward location! They have stripper stores and a strip club as their neighbors. This place definitely has a rough exterior but the inside is quite different. It's much nicer and cleaner inside. This place opened just 3 weeks ago!!  I do get a "Skinny Fats" vibe from this place. The ambiance, the menu, and the name of the restaurant scream SKINNY FATS! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  Skinny Chick's menu is a little bit more condensed than Skinny Fats though and they do focus around the chicken idea. They do have steak and turkey as well but mostly chicken is the main attraction.  I opt for the Turkeygiving burger, AKA Thanksgiving heaven in your mouth. It's a turkey burger with cranberry sauce, turkey stuffing, sweet potato and mayo. It comes with a side and i got sweet potato tots! yum! The turkey patty was made fresh and did not taste frozen. The stuffing I had a little hard time with the taste. It had a day after taste. It wash't intolerable to eat, I think it still tasted pretty good together BUT it did have that slight after taste of day old stuffing.   I wish they had a special sauce to dip the sweet potato fries and tots in. I love when I can dip them into something sweet like maple cream sauce.   The table I was in was still really sticky. The container/plate that came out with my burger was also pretty sticky.   With that being said.. There was only 1 person working the entire place, which isn't a big restaurant nor was it even busy but I felt bad that he was the one taking orders, cooking the food, and waiting on us. Now that's a star employee!
4 Alil pricey for the location but completly get the bang for your buck sweet fries on point 100%
