5 I've never been the first person to review a place!  I was so excited to hear that this place opened. It has only been opened a week. Yvonne helped me out.  I love these cookies. I bought a box of 10. (She gave me a couple extra though.)  My favorites are the Kona flavored, original and coconut.  We usually get these in Oahu when we are there. Although I would rather be in Hawaii to get these,  this location is a great place to tide me over till I go back.  If you have never tried this cookies they have samples of all the flavors they offer. =) Keep in mind that they are shortbread cookies and on the drier side.  They have prepackaged gift boxes or you can create your own box with the flavors you would like which is what I do. =)
5 I'm beyond exciting to see the first Honolulu Cookie Company store outside of Hawaii. These taste so amazing and with single packed cookies they are perfect for gifts. Coconut dipped in white chocolate is my favorite but I've never had a flavor I didn't enjoy. The best part is that they allow you to sample all the different kinds in the store as well. Here is to a great company with a wonderful product and tremendous staff!
5 OMG I love their cookies. My friend introduced me to them a few years back and I've been a fan ever since. When I found out they opened one in Mainland US, I was so excited. Even MORE excited that it was perfect timing with my trip to Vegas a few weeks after.  The place was kind of hard to find if you don't know which part of the Grand Canal Shopps it's located.  It's located across from I Love Burgers on the Palazzo side.  they have samplers near the front door of all their flavors. And the staff was friendly and would tell you which boxes would give you a better value.  They're good at upselling here. haha  In any case, they also have a stamper card. You get a stamp for every $5. And if you hit 10 stamps, you can get a small bag of their cookies valued at $6. If not, save up to 20 stamps to get their $15 sampler box free.  I love these cookies.
5 Do you like cookies? Do you like chocolate? Do you like free samples? Then come patronize this super cute store in the Palazzo. It's the only location of this cookie chain outside of Hawaii. And the cookies are yum! They're not exactly cheap, but they sure are tasty. And there are plenty of options for every budget. I went with the make-your-own box of 5 cookies for $4.95. And since one of the cookies was broken, the staffer gave me an extra one for free. The staff were super nice and pleasant - and not too pushy either. There's a small table near the entrance where you can sample the various flavors of cookies. It's pretty much impossible to choose a favorite. Very awesome flavors! So if you're looking for some yum cookies and/or a unique gift for someone, this is a great place to visit.
4 The company is based in Hawaii, and this is the first U.S. store outside of it. My friend loves these cookies. It felt like we trekked through the whole Grand Canal Shoppes just so she could buy some. Next to the entrance, there are samples of the cookies. I'm not a big fan of shortbread cookies, but I got the dark chocolate and white chocolate Kona coffee flavored ones. The chocolate on them enhanced the cookies. They are individually wrapped and shaped as pineapples. Although I wouldn't go out of my way for the cookies, I'll buy some for my friend if I happen to come across them in the future.
5 Kind of hard to find based on the directions Yelp gave me but like every one said; it's located in the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Palazzo and not Fashion Show shopping district. Employees were very nice and helpful and there are samples of about half of their flavors near the entrance. The most popular gift box is about $23 and it contains 32 pieces and all 15 flavors. Individually each cookie is about a dollar a piece. Totally worth the price and even got a bag of extra cookies with my purchase!
5 I was so excited to see this store in Vegas!!!  I have had people visiting Hawaii bring me these back and I love them!  I went in and sampled a couple flavors and they were just as good as I remembered.  I ended up getting the large box of 20 you pick yourself.  My favorites are the coconut with white chocolate and the totally chocolate ones.  They are a little pricey for small cookies but seriously they are so good!  The lady working there was so nice.  I will be back here next visit to Vegas!
