3 They forgot an important ingredient in the original dog-   hot peppers on the side!  Of course I got my dog to go so was without peppers. Not a good first visit. The dog was tasty and an average size portion for $4.99. They have Krispy Kremes (glazed only) also which is always a plus. Will I return for another dog? It is a convenient location, so perhaps.
5 Char dog is delicious. The Wiener Circle is located in the sports book of the Red Rock Casino. The French fries are fresh cut and are the best in town. Great place to catch a game and have an All-American lunch.
5 Awesome spot next to the sports book in Red Rock Station. Even though I personally like to stick to the basics (mustard, onions and jalapeños) there are a lot of specialty combinations here that I will have to try. Now if you're a chicken finger fan you have to have them here. They use a fresh batter that produces a light flaky crust, delicious. In years past with no NBA or NFL bets to place I normally would not be in the sports book during the summer but this year they will be seeing a lot of me.
5 Great food ,great experience. location was perfect I took our kids soccer team here on the way to the movies. We ordered 30 hot dogs every single one was made perfect. Great food for adults and kids! Coming here again soon most def! For all the yelpers I give it five stars
5 Only been in one time and was really impressed. Great customer service, and a very clean environment. Angus burger was cooked to perfection and super juicy! My friend had the char dog and said it was amazing!  Will be back!!
5 Love everything on the menu. Hands down the best chicken fingers I have ever had!!! So juicy and delicious. Some of my other top picks are the basket of piggies in a blanket and the breakfast sandwiches with a perfectly cooked over easy egg. Yummy! Love this place!!
3 Combined with a Krispy Kreme, this is a branch of a legendary Chicago hot dog stand as famous for its dogs as well as its rude, obscenity-laden late night service.  This version, however, bills itself as family friendly.  Chicago-style dogs are the game here, and they execute the formula down to the letter.  Sure, you could go across the street to Costco for a dog, but if you're a fan of the chicago-style that includes tomatoes, relish, mustard, celery salt, and a pickle spear, this is your joint in this region of the valley.  The burgers on the menu here are ok and served with the same dressings as the dog.  The patty gets a fair amount of char (hence, char-burger), but there's no real juice to the patty.    Can see this place becoming a hangout for Bears/Cubs/Bulls/Whitesox/Hawks fans, even if the "Chocolate Shake" here is actually a milkshake made of chocolate.
5 Wiener's Circle is the "In N Out Burger" of hot dogs -- you can clearly taste the high quality of each ingredient in every bite. I was super excited when I heard this legendary Chicago eating spot was coming to Vegas.   Nathan's and Pink's don't live up to the hype, in my opinion, but Wiener's Circle definitely does. Their chicken tenders are also some of the best I've ever had in my life -- Raising Cane's has nothing on them -- and the Krispy Kreme breakfast sandwich is worth the trip alone.  Wiener's Circle even has big screen TVs hooked up to the Red Rock Casino sportsbook, so this will quite possibly be my go-to eating spot for all my favorite sporting events. The prime location next to the sportsbook also gives me a great excuse to bet more games (and hopefully win more money) throughout the year.   This place has only been open a couple of weeks, but I've already eaten there multiple times.
4 Finally, a decent food joint at red rock.  Just had a cheese burger here.  At the beginning of biting into the hamburger, first comes a slight crunch from the grill.  Then, juice dripping all over into your mouth.  Your mouth will reach a balanced of a perfect summer poolside hamburger.  Just hope red rock can keep this place up by the sports book.
1 Do Not go to The Wiener's Circle for a Hot Dog! The roll and all the fix ens were great but the Hot Dog was so small the it was almost non existent.  The Hot Dog was pencil thin not more than 2 ounces of beef. I will not return!
