5 Mirage Pedi Spa has only been open a couple of weeks and they already have heavy traffic. For good reason - this place is wonderful!! I would most certainly recommend making an appointment. I only had a pedi today and even though they were super busy I never felt rushed nor that they were rushing on my feet. I will certainly be coming back for more pampering in the future!!
3 This salon makes a great first impression. Soft lighting, pedicure massage chairs, and almost immediate attention when you walk in the door. There are movies playing with subtitles on the big TV screens and it's lovely and quiet.  The reason I am giving it just an "ok" review is when I asked what the cost was for a manicure, I was told $15.00. While the polish is being removed from my nails, I ask for a french manicure. I have natural nails, so it truly is a regular french manicure. After the gent has put the white polish on the tips of my nails, he says, "French Manicures are $5.00 more."  Now, I wouldn't have minded paying the extra money IF that was told to me prior to this point because I MAY have decided to just go with a regular, non-french polish manicure. So I felt a little tricked here.  I wouldn't have bothered writing anything at all until I went to remove the polish today. I'm pretty sure the guy put GEL on my nails instead of regular polish (without asking me) because it took a half bottle of nail polish remover and about 20 minutes of soaking/scrubbing to get the polish off my nails.  This place has great potential, but they missed the mark with me.
3 Went in today for a french pedicure after reading about the $20 grand opening special. I didn't make an appointment but I only waited a few minutes. The place is quite nice; very modern and relaxing. They have this quiet-ish waterfall, three televisions with subtitled programs, and soft music. I was taken to the pedi chair (there were many chairs btw) and told them what I wanted. My pedicurist pushed quite hard to get me to upgrade to gel polish, but I just wanted plain polish. I would have been happier if he has stopped after the first "no".  He was somewhat rough with the filing, trimming, and pumicing, but that seems to be the case everywhere else unless you tell them. He also used instruments from a blister case, which I liked, but midway through I noticed there wasn't a liner in the foot basin. If you're sensitive to that I'd ask if they were at least available upon request. I a also noticed that he "cleaned" pumice stone by dipping into foot basin. I'm not sure if they do a through cleaning after, but that bothered me a bit.  The final result was alright for how quickly he applied the polish. I might come back if I'm in the area.
5 I walked in to make an appointment for the next day because I saw the $20 spa pedicure sign out front. Immediately after entering, I was impressed with the salon. Darkened, with sounds of water, quiet and relaxing, and great ventilation so that the smell is almost non existent!  The employees were very professional and I had the pleasure of meeting Diana, who gave me a gel mani/pedi for $75. My callused feet are so smooth now and my nails look great! I really enjoyed their fancy massage chairs and, again, their high quality equipment and nail polish selection.   Just walk in to take a look. You'll like what you see.   + great for large groups + no smell that makes you nauseous + sufficiently staffed so you won't have to wait  + walk ins welcomed but appointments are appreciated + they do not use the same tools on different people. Each person gets a tray of tools, like at the dentist! Yay for no fungal infections!  Overall, a great experience!
3 The salon is brand new and beautiful there are plenty of stations and spa chairs for pedis and even cute small pink chairs for kids. I came in for the 20 dollar pedi special. The people who work there are friendly. The pedi I got was average nothing amazing though.
5 I have come here four times now and absolutely love this place. I always ask for Vivina. She takes her time and is really detail oriented.  The overall atmosphere of the salon is modern with water features to help you relax and dark lighting. They now serve you water, wine, jack and coke, captain and coke or vodka sprite with your pedicure. I usually just opt for the water but this could be nice for a girls trip for manis and pedis. As long as they keep the prices the way they are I will be a regular.
4 So I was recommended this place by one of my best friends because she really enjoyed the atmosphere and I must say... Mirage spa really does have you feeling like you're in a mirage, jungle-esque environment.  The whole salon is pretty dimly lit with modern decor. They have a huge front desk that has some water streaming down behind it. There's also a second waterfall in the back if I'm not mistaken. They have light sticks hanging from the ceiling that have the lights fading down - resembling falling stars. I don't remember background music being played, but that's fine for me as I find the sound of the water way more relaxing. They have 3 big screens placed in the center. I believe they have all 3 running on Netflix so no worries for commercials while you're getting pampered.  Now.. They do have a special grand opening deal on a spa pedicure for $20 I believe. I didn't opt for that and instead made an appointment for a gel manicure only. The time slot I wanted wasn't available since I was told they were pretty booked. When I arrived I actually got seen right away. I was so afraid that since I was informed it was pretty full I was going to have to wait a bit, but NOPE! I got seen by Diana whose really sweet. I was in and out in less than 50 minutes WITH pretty good quality work. Usually when I'm seen that quickly you can tell by the nails, haha.  To sum it up, I will probably be returning back. I hope I have found a home for my nails at this place.
2 This place is conveniently located, and beautiful with a relaxing atmosphere. The front desk is friendly and helpful. I have patronized Mirage Pedi Spa twice now. The first time was a good experience for me. The second visit I was very disappointed I checked in at 6pm and was told that it will be a 30 minute wait. After waiting 50 min I was told that I had to come back the next day because they close at 7pm. Most nail salons close at 7pm in this area and now I am expected to find another place in 10 minutes and hopes that will service me. I express my disappointment to the receptions and they agree to service me if I wanted to continue to wait. After an hour and half they took someone else over me and I left without my pedicure.  I will never recommend this place to anyone until they advance their customer service skills.
2 This place is gorgeous inside ! The environment is relaxing and has great potential but I will not return until they hire someone new for the front desk . After visiting 4-5 times I am completely over this girl. The first time I visited I understood they were a new salon but I literally at 6 months pregnant had to lift my feet up to show this girl I did NOT Have a French pedicure done as she asked me 3x in a row as she was ringing up my transaction. Another time , I was washing my hands after a fill and she walks up behind me and tells me where the soap is . I had already used the soap before that and was continuing to wash my hands. She stood there and watched me til I was finished . I'm in my 30s I really do not need a young girl with no customer service skills watching me wash my hands or telling me where the soap is . I had to explain to her I knew where the soap was and had already used it before she would finally walk away!?! Every time I get ready to pay and leave she watches me and practically runs to the counter to collect the money. Umm , again , I am pretty sure I have never walked out of anywhere without paying or given her reason to act like this towards me . The final straw was the last time I went she told me they were too busy to get me in, she did not ask if I wanted to make an appt or ask anyone what time I could return or offer me a time to return.. You do not just let your patrons walk out the door especially when you know they visit there 1x or more a week. There are way too many nail salons in this area to refuse good customers or run them off. My only issue with a couple of the other staff members is they do tend to UPSELL their services without actually telling you that it will cost more . I do know certain things cost more but they do seem to be a lil sneaky in the way they jack up the price on you without knowing .
