4 The staff are still very green and refer back to the manager for questions, but they are up and running as of this week, I believe, and they are totally hopping!  Maybe 4 or 5 tables outside and plenty of bright seating indoors.  Clean (open less than a week, so no shocker there), and their simply delicious and fresh food!  The salad dressing is their signature and available on all the tables. It's definitely not a light dressing though, so if you want something lighter, ask for the lemon vinaigrette on the side instead.  Download their app and get a free side of hummus.  Upload your receipt and get another free side on your subsequent visit.
5 Great food, great service. Mediterranean style food, very fresh. Have tried the quinoa salad, steak kabobs, hummus, and chicken salad, everything I've eaten there so far is delicious. So happy they opened up right by my work!
5 Brought my husband here today and he loved this place too!  We tried the steak, chicken and shrimp kabobs. All were delicious. I have a feeling this will be a new regular dining place for us!
2 The location is so convenient, and the interior is bright and cheery but super casual (think a fast food place).  The service was excellent, but the whole time I was eating my overpriced Greek Chicken Pita I was thinking there wasn't anything very Greek about it.  Very bland with no sauce (it needed tzatziki or tahini) and quite a small portion.  Big Fat Greek or Gyro Express serve far better fare!  I won't be going back to Zoe's!
3 Nothing special. I pick one of the items pictured on their menu. The Spinach Roll-up with chicken. Which kind of tasted like Tostito's spinach dip with chicken wrapped in a tortilla. I was hungry, so no complaints.   It really seamed like a place for just lunch with some Greek influence.   The tomato bisque was good, a little salty, but good.  The experience was decent, if a tad overpriced.
2 Food is decent. Might be back because I saw a few more vegan options on the menu. The staff is horrible. Terrible customer service. My food was ready but the front girls didn't notice because they were too busy eating cake and gossiping. Had to wait an extra 5-10 minutes because of them and all I ordered was hummus and pita.
4 I've been a fan of this place since 2008, I moved away a couple of years ago and missed the food. They just opened this new location close to home. I'm surprised it wasn't busier although it was a Monday night. The food is still very good but prices are higher but they are everywhere these days and I say it's worth it for fresh healthy "faster" food. The staff is friendly and helpful. I hope this place does well and stays in the area fire a long time. Download their app and get free items.
4 Salmon kabobs were delish. Came with salad and hummus, very fresh.  Will definitely go back.
1 Very overrated.  For such a new place I was disappointed by the fact that this place was dirty. Food on the floor. Tables un-bused. Pretty lax.  Now on to the food. Not great. My wife had the spinach/chicken roll up and it was seriously something looked like it was made by a high school culinary class ... and that's being mean to the high school culinary class. I ordered the steak kababobs , one of the most expensive items on the menu. Horrible. The steak was way over done and the veggies burnt. The sides, mixed veggies and smashed potatoes, were cold. Our son had the chicken salad sandwich which was not up to par with what we could have made at home. Needless to say we left food on the table.  The service at the counter was good ... or at least well intentioned. Otherwise we were never acknowledged, thanked, greeted or met with eye contact. This includes the two managers sitting at a table near us kibitzing over who knows what ... jobs elsewhere maybe? These folks don't look like they want your business.  This place won't make it. Its going up against Chipotle, Pita Jungle, Rumbi and some others that offer superior service and higher quality food. Considering that for two adults and one child we spent $30+ which included only entrees two limeades and a water ... we won't be back.
4 First off, the decor is beautiful and slightly more upgraded than their other two Phoenix locations. Real plates & silverware is a nice change instead of their usual metal trays. Upholstered booth seating and a nice large corner booth add great charm.   Of course I had to start with the chocolate cake, which was on point. Almost wish I had a tall glass of cold milk to go with it LoL. Perfect combination of moist cake,  gooey decadent frosting with a slight crunchy coating on top. Yummmmmm.  Had the Greek chicken pita and a side of the pasta salad which has always been a favorite of mine at the other two Phoenix locations.   Greek chicken pita and pasta salad were a slight disappointment which made me sad. I've always been used to their great quality food, so the fact that the grilled chicken,  pita and pasta (the main components! ) were all dry made me so sad! Flavors were there, the grilled onions being my favorite. I had to add their signature greek dressing in order to add moisture. :(  Nice they had an app available for download to which if you take a pic of your receipt you get free goodies on your next visit. That's when I noticed I never got my receipt.  LoL
