4 A fresh open light and airy appearance to the shop helps one wake up in the morning, and Donutsville has just that.  For me, the location is great, nothing too close like it, so it may become a regular stop (much to the chagrin of my wife).  Good donuts, good service, full coffee service are all pluses.  Things are a little askew right now as they just opened, but I will give them some time to straighten things out.
4 An awesome local bakery is exactly what 83rd and Beardsley needed.   I prefer savory, so I tried the jalepeno kolache yesterday and it was awesome. That's probably why they were out today, so the young folks behind the counter told me to try the chicken mushroom filled croissant and it was also bomb. Washed it down with with tasty tropical tea.   I get on 101 at Beardsley, so Donutsville is also on the way to work. And, they have a drive-through window... so that pretty much means I won't be eating cereal bars for breakfast anymore, lol. I'll update when I try more goodies.
5 Excellent!! I got the vanilla bean frap.... Exactly like Starbucks if not better. Have to try blueberry cake donuts!
5 YES! WE SO NEED THIS! the west side of town is sadly devoid of many things....good restaurants, good shopping, things to do in general. I am so excited this place opened. We gave it a try and everything is SO GOOD. The coffee is fresh and super tasty. The inside of the place is bright and open, many places to sit. The doughnuts are heavenly. Super fresh and delicious. The old fashioned blueberry doughnuts may be one of my favorite things ever! The apple fritters are filled with hunks of apple and are SO DELICIOUS They have a huge variety of fresh croissants that are just heavenly...flakey, buttery and perfect. They even have cronuts! Everything here is far above grocery store or Dunkin Doughnut quality. Employees are very friendly. We have found our Sunday morning breakfast spot!!! Let's keep this place open north west valley peeps!!!
5 We had our 1st experience with this new donut joint. We had the blueberry, buttermilk bars(1 glazed 1 plain), Nutella cronut, apple fritter, plain croissant, and chicken/mushroom croissant and a vanilla nut roast coffee. The cronut, our 1st, was delicious! The bars and fritters were as good as we have ever tasted. The croissants are perfect! If you like the basic donut chains then you will love this place, a definite up grade! The coffee is fresh and much better than Starbucks. The blueberry donut must be made with real blueberries. This is a must try if you love donuts, croissants, and everything delicious!
4 My husband just picked up a dozen donuts for breakfast. A little pricy ($15 because of the specialty donuts) but so worth every penny. The maple bacon donut is something I wouldn't usually try, but I'm so glad I did. All the donuts are good, fresh and soft. Will definitely be back.
4 Excellent. Much better than the chains. Coffee is good, free wifi as it should be. The donuts are fluffy, not dense--the glaze is just right. A little disorganized, but I think they just opened a week or two ago.  A dozen of these little artery cloggers sent the workplace into a sugar and fat induced Fight Club over the last half of a squished jelly donut.   My trainer is now eyeballing a new Audi ;0)
5 BEST DONUTS EVER!! Wow! I didn't expect much of this place as it was going up but I decided to try them......and now my diet is in jeopardy!   Their donuts at made fresh throughout the day. They're never frozen so they're light and fresh. They make you want more because of it! Haha...that's no bueno!   They have raised donuts, cake donuts, twists, crullers, fritters, croissants and muffins. They're also big on their coffee/espresso selections.    The owner is also the nicest person giving you extra incentive to swing by.   On the negative side, there's two registers and no flow. The line was all over the place and service was slow. But the wait was definitely worth it!  They also have a drive-thru! Uh oh....there goes my diet!!
4 For the west valley, this was a solid 4 stars. Donuts were fresh & flavorful. My major complaint was the lack of signage when you walk in about ordering. You just kinda walk in & wait until someone calls you over. It was confusing. It may just be because it's still so new & they are working out the kinks. Loved their big coffee selection. They also have a drive-thru window!
4 So I've been back a few times....  today I had dropped by in the morning and picked up 2 jalapeno kolaches, one for breakfast and one for lunch.  The cake donuts are also great--if you like coconut, get that one 'cause its tasty and unique.   The almond croissants are probably my favorite of the pastries. The croissant part is perfectly flaky, tastes like its made with yeast. The almond paste is to die for. Yum.  The coffee here is also above-average. Do yourself a favor and skip Dunkin, 'cause this place has them beat all the way around.
5 First visit this morning and not my last. I was greeted with a huge smile by one of the gals behind the counter. My order was filled quickly and checkout was also fast.   I just had a couple of maple frosted cake donuts and they're the best cake donuts I've had in Phoenix. There were a lot of different kinds of donuts behind the counter and I'm sure anyone could find something to calm their sweet tooth.
5 Yum! I bought my donuts at 2pm and they were still fresh and soft! Finally, a real donut shop for the northwest area! Can't wait to try the cronuts they have on the weekend!
5 My son and I stopped in because I didn't feel like driving out of the way to go to Dunkin' to get him a donut. Sure glad we did. This place is great. Inexpensive, clean, and friendly staff. They make the donuts in back so they are super fresh. We will definitely be back. Requested a gluten free donut to be added to the menu as I have celiac disease, a girl can dream right?!! I had a delicious iced coffee while my son had two donuts!
5 Went in for the 1st time not knowing what to expect and definitely the BEST donuts I've ever had.
5 These donuts are freaking amazing! This is the best new addition to the NW side and the worst for my waist line. The maple crullers are to die for, but get there early on the weekends because they sell out quickly.
4 This donut shop has been open for a few weeks now. Today was not my first visit. I have noticed continued improvement every visit, which is why I chose to hold off on my review. Today was my 4th visit.   The Pros: There has been an increase in numbers of their friendly and helpful staff. This increase in numbers has reduced the time waiting on line to a very reasonable time frame. Today, a Saturday morning, I had only one person ahead of me.  The dining room was full. Customers, of all ages, were happily socializing, eating donuts and drinking coffee.  If you buy less than 6 donuts they are put in bags. If you purchase six donuts or more your donuts are boxed. I'm not sure if that's a pro or a con.  I have noticed a big change in what types of donuts are available.  I can see where the owners have made more types of donuts available, as promised, as time has progressed and a good menu has been determined. You could get pretty much anything today even though, again, it was Saturday morning with a full dining room.  There are numerous options available for beverages also. One does not leave this donut shop hungry (unless of course, you choose to eat your donuts at home!!)  Cost of a basic donut at this time is  .89.  That is approx. .6 less than it's nearby big name competitor.   The Cons: Donuts are very tasty but a bit on the greasy side.
5 This place has got it figured out.  Don't bother with Dunkin' Donuts.  This shop blows them out of the water.  My hubby is addicted.
1 NEVER GOING AGAIN! Came in this morning and received the worst service I have ever gotten.  This girl was so snotty, I cannot believe this from a new resturaunt.  Not only did the girl break the creme donut, but i had to ASK for her to grab another to fix it.  So what does she do? Sticks it on top and breaks that one as well. Then as I'm paying, she slaps the change back in my hand and walks away, no thank you or have a nice day from her.  BS!  Safe to say I'm staying with LaMars, further drive, excellent service, better donuts. Can't beat that.
