4 It's a mystery when Ice Monster actually opened....just popped out of nowhere. First noticed Ice Monster a few weeks ago when I checked out Pot Tea Social House.  First impression, nice decor and useful digital screen menu with images.  They have a small selection of macarons and other baked goods. Definitely opened recently because staff is fairly disorganized.    I wanted to try their shaved snow but I was still full from brunch.  Plus their shaved snow are priced higher than their competitors ($8.95). My friends and I tried a few drinks: Honey Green Milk Tea, Organic Matcha Float and Ugi Milk Foam Tea.  All drinks had a great flavor.  They didn't have the artificial flavor like all the other boba places.  Only complaint, there was a thick layer of honey on the bottom of the honey green milk tea.    Also, this place NEEDS trash cans.  There was no trash can inside or outside.  Although it wasn't busy, the staff is not very attentive on cleaning up tables in a timely manner.
5 The place has a very friendly atmosphere with good music and free wifi. The drinks were made with what seems like fresh ingredients. The sandwiches and salads were good. The snow fluff was huge and and fresh. I wish they had trash cans out, but i was told that they would throw it away for us
3 New snow ice place near me! Too bad I didn't get a chance to try their snow ice.lol I did however get a chance to try their drinks. Like others have said, this place is new and the servers are still learning the menu. However, they are still very polite and took the time to find out the answers for me. They have a wide variety of snow ice choices though such as peanut milk and even bubble milk tea~! Will try later. I was able to try some of the drinks: UGI milk foam tea,  Ceylon black milk tea, and matcha snow slush yogurt. Of those, my favorite would have to be the matcha snow slush yogurt drink. The boba was done better than I expected, just the right about of chewiness and sweetness. The other two drinks were overly sweet. Like hyperglycemia pee in my pants sweet. The UGI milk foam is neat but with the sweet drink, it just gets lost. Overall, I will definitely be back to try their snow ice. I would probably pass on the tea drinks but would try the matcha drinks.
2 2 Stars and that's me being a little generous.    We arrived here after lunch with friends that are also Yelpers.  I'm not going to speak for them, but in my opinion, Ice Monster has some work to do.    Ice Monster Cafe is new and a couple of hiccups are to be expected, right?  They're new, clean, and a decent place to hang out at.  However, what's lacking is a knowledgeable staff and desserts that are worth the price that they have them at.  I had their Coffee Ice Cream, which is literally a small scoop of Blue Bunny Ice Cream.  Tasted good, but not worth the $5.95 price tag.  The biggest disappointment is the overall service.  My gf had a few questions about the items on their menu and the staff couldn't even speak to it.  They even stated that they could Google some of the items on the menu for us.  Really?  Google it??  I don't expect a new business/staff to be experts, but at least have some knowledge of what you're serving.  A few of my friends had orders that either took too long (ie. 20 minutes for boba) or were just wrong (i.e. coffee instead of tea).     Overall, not a fan, not as good as it gets, but giving them a break with an "I've Had  Better" only because they're new.  I'm sure they will improve and I hope they do.  I look forward to reading better rated reviews and I'm willing to give them another go when that time comes.  As for now, 2 stars are all they get from me.   PS:  The Check-In Offer reads "1 Free purchase of 2 items".  They're speaking Yoda and really mean "Buy 2 items and receive another 1 for free".
5 I was looking for a good dessert place but didn't want to drive out to snow flakes. The place is hidden away in the corner. This place is awesome with lots of toppings! It is much better than the traditional shaved ice place.
5 My daughter (10) had been begging me to try Ice Monster Cafe since they opened.  We went on Monday evening and thoroughly enjoyed our fluffed ice and pastry.  I have to say, my daughter thought this was a frozen yogurt shop...it was much different.   The staff explained their concept of "fluffed ice" and we were pleasantly surprised with the taste and texture!  It was delicious and we can't wait to try new flavors.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the shop was very clean.  We will be back!
5 This cafe/dessert shop just shows that S. Rainbow Blvd is a growing destination for great diversification in food choices.  As a small business owner you have to appreciate the effort and detail this place has taken the time to give it it's own life and flavor.  I personally enjoy the mango fluff but my wife's favorite was the melon snow fluff.  The future looks bright for Ice Monster Cafe, I will definitely be back and can only hope this cafe enjoys much success.
4 I came in with my boyfriend because we were in the neighborhood. It was a hot summer day and I needed something to cool down. Our server, Gigi, was extremely helpful and friendly. We got a gigantic bowl of shaved ice. Very expensive and very big. I wish they had a smaller size; I didn't want to pay $7 for something I knew I wasnt going to finish.  Overall, I love the place! Highly recommended.
2 As an avid lover of desserts and snow ice, I was ecstatic that this place opened on rainbow, so close to my boyfriend's house! As we walked in, the place was lively. Possibly because it is brand new. Awesome interior, but that's pretty much it. I was disappointed after getting all hyped up about this place. Their menu is quite confusing. Snow slush, snow yogurt slush, and etc. I didn't know how to depict the menu and when I asked, neither did the workers. I decided to get the strawberry snow ice (not my first choice, they didn't have the one I wanted "that day"), which to my surprise, wasn't fluffy nor soft. It was just like regular shaved ice texture you get from one of those trucks or stands. I was expecting it to be soft and fluffy like kuma's snow ice since their machines look pretty much the same. It was really big, but that's no problem since it was almost a whopping $10 for it. It also came with a lot of strawberries. For me, it was too much. There were three of us there and we still couldn't finish it. I also got a strawberry smoothie with boba which was okay. The boba was hard, yuck. Not enjoyable. My boyfriend also got an apple pie. It was about $5 for a slice and he didn't finish that either. He said was "okay" and "nothing special." If it weren't for the interior and very nice decor, I would probably give it one star. But I feel like since they've just opened they have much more improving to do. Being over priced for an okay dessert isn't much to drool over. Looks like I'll be sticking to Kuma or Snowflake. But hopefully they will figure things out soon!
5 First time came in a bit late but service was still great and very friendly. Thought it might have been similar to shaved ice but for fealt more equivalent to what im assuming eating a cloud feels like. The combination of flavors of pineapple, lychee, strawberry and condensed milk was deliciousand the presentation was lovely. My girlfriend and i will certainly be returning with a bigger crowd for sure next time!
2 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(160/365) "Total Monstrosity"  Dear Ice Monster,  We came with very high hopes and a lot of excitement that you've been in  the neighborhood for two weeks now.Brand spankin' new, video screen of all your beautiful treats, nice display case showing off your pastries, desserts and sandwiches, view window of the kitchen where all the magic supposedly happens, and very comfy seating and games to play while we enjoy our drinks and desserts...WOW!  That wow factory snowballed for the worst as soon as we placed our orders. Your two servers looked very professional and seemed ready to bust out the orders like no ones business. I don't think they were ready when the Yelperazzi rolled in. Wifey ordered the UGI Milk Foam Tea, and out of curiosity I asked what UGI was. His answer? "Um, That's what we're(you mean you!?) trying to figure out..I think its a kind of tea leaf. I can try and Google it?" HUH? I also asked about their Honey Milk Tea, and he assured me it was delicious, and he had the nerve to confidently add on that they make their boba fresh everyday. Sold!  We all sat around a huge table and were enjoying a few rounds of Jenga when I look up to see what the hold up is with our orders, it was chaos.Two servers trying to get the orders out and through the glass window, the man who I think created the Ice Monster Cafe standing behind the scenes watching his workers take the fall, and seemingly more interested to get back to the FIFA World Cup, but he couldn't return knowing that we were right next to him and didn't receive half of our orders yet!  The five year old in our party gets a coffee drink instead of a tea that he ordered, Wifey's order was good, another drink was wrong and had to be fixed, my order came 20+ minutes later and was not a Honey Milk Tea like I had ordered but a Thai Tea and I drank it anyway, and the boba? The most al dente boba I've ever tasted. Not a very good first impression, but we wish you the best and hope you are able to work out the kinks...ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  2   *one for the comfy seating, one for Jenga!
2 Went in yesterday for a Thai Iced Tea while it was blistering hot outside.   Being that this establishment is brand spankin' new, I expected a warmer welcoming.   The cashier did not look happy to be there and my drink was just okay.   I was bummed by my experience because I live right around the corner and was looking for my go-to drink place, but there are a million and one more places to find a Thai iced tea in town.
4 We live around the corner & had been excited to try this spot. Finally got our chance & were happy. I loved my desert, shaved ice, gelato & fresh strawberries. Huge too, could have fed 3 people. The cupcake was terrible. But the drink tipped the scale back to an overall positive. Staff was nice & the atmosphere was cool with games to play @ your table.  We will be back for sure.
5 Finally one that's close by our place with good boba and snow ice!! We got the lemon tea w boba - soft ans yummy boba. Also got the peanut snow ice - the small was huge! Friendly and clean location!! We'll definitely be back!
2 I was hoping I would be leaving 5 stars after my first visit today.  I thought, yay, we don't have to drive allll the way to Spring Mountain, or Easy Life Boba.  Ice Monster Cafe is not too far from home.    The two stars given are for the service, friendliness, and the ambience including the high tech menu.    Alas, the snow ice, fluffy ice, fluffy snow, whatever you want to call it, was not as good as the other places we have had them here in Vegas or in So. Cal.  First of all, the ice was not as fine or "snow" like as it should be.  It was more like "shaved ice" which is NOT what fluff ice is.  2nd, my frozen strawberries tasted moldy.  we took it to go because we were in a hurry.  I was so excited to indulge but the whole fluffy ice experience lacked so much.  I had the strawberry one and my husband ordered the mango.  Maybe we'll give them another try after they figure out all the kinks and flaws.
5 This is my first time here & the staff is very friendly especially this one guy who works there plus I liked the music they played (': I really like their desserts here especially the strawberry sensation, it's closer to shaved ice than snow but it's still really good. Their large is HUGE which I think is great. I also like their pistachio tart! Their Thai tea is actually better than most places I've been to. I enjoy this place because they have board games and card games so I ended up spending over an hour here. I would definitely come back (:
4 Came here twice so far but haven't tried their desserts just yet!  First time my bf and I came here to near closing time. Kinda empty. We weren't rushed but we decided to share a drink since I wasn't really hungry so I didn't want to get stuffed. We got the matcha float. The boss recommended that we add brown sugar to it to add some sweetness. It was like drinking ice green tea brewed from hot tea! It was refreshing. It maybe a bit bland especially if you like your drinks really sweet, but my main complaint is things are always too sweet and this was perfect. The boss was really nice and he does recommend things to you and gives suggestions. The people who were working up front with orders and the cashier seemed to struggle a little. But considering this place is new they were still really nice and provided service. They corrected our order because originally they gave us just an ice matcha tea without the ice cream but it was corrected in no time. We played some jenga. The owner said whoever the first winner of jenga is gets a fruit tart. I won! :D. But because I'm nice I shared it with my BF who lost twice btw ;).  Second visit, the place was pretty much packed and not as empty as it was the very first time. Once again I just wanted a drink! No matter what set of chairs or tables you pick they're really comfy and there are board games you can all play together! This time I came with my bf and his brother. I got the jasmine iced tea with boba. OMG the jasmine tea was so good!! I can't even tell you that it had the brewed tea taste AND it wasn't extremely sweet either! PERFECT! The boba was a little too chewy for me. I like it a bit softer but the tea itself I can look passed the boba.   Better yet, the boss remembered us and said hi to us again!   I'll update my review soon as I try their dessert!
5 Conveniently located on S. Rainbow behind DQ. Lots of food places in the area and this is a great place for dessert.  Not need to drive down to Spring Mountain area.  nice atmosphere, friendly service and refreshing, especially on hot summer days.
5 It's so nice to have a shaved ice/snow fluff in the southwest area. I'm a big fan, have gone a few times and I'm looking forward to try more. My fave so far are the melon sorbet and fresh mango sensation. As a green tea lover, I really enjoy the Matcha Latte. And who can't say no to more ice cream?!...the Matcha Float was delicious!
4 This place is really great, the presentation and dessert is awesome! The small is not worth it and forces you to buy the large size which is a bit pricey! All in all great service! Will come again.
5 Loving ice monster!  Outstanding shaved ice, pastries rock and laid back atmosphere.  Games to chill with friends and family too.
5 This place just opened a few weeks so a friend and I decided to check it out.  We both got the Organic "MATCHA" Float which was great!  It was so refreshing!    We also got to meet one of the owners, Jay, who came out to see how everything was.  It turns out he is also from Hawaii!  He made us "Honey Toast" on the house and just wanted our feedback since he plans to add it to his menu.  It was pretty good...look for it on the menu soon! :)
2 I wanted to love this place and actually came in with high expectations. But unfortunately everything lacked flavor. I had the turkey wrap which was basic, matcha float with boba that was good minus the boba cause it was bland. Only thing decent was the snow fluff but it's not enough to keep me coming back. Two stars are for the cleanliness and cute place. And for some odd reason they were blasting Metallica and metal music.. Not that I don't like metal! I just thought it was odd for being an Asian cafe and it was uncomfortably loud... Or maybe I'm just old lol
