5 Attention Vegas locals!!! If you are looking for a great hidden gem, this is a great place. It features old Las Vegas decor and a retro lounge atmosphere. The staff is really friendly and Hooligans even offers a points card if you are a gambler. Come and watch your favorite sports here, too! Their selection of food is fantastic for a bar. I had chicken and waffles that were really good. I don't know too many bars that offer Meatloaf or Hawaiian Kalua Pork but this one does.   Bring a group of friends, you won't regret it.
4 The first review was dead on!! My wife and I came in to see if this was another false recommendation, but to our surprise it was dead on. The food was out of this world and the prices were spot on. You definitely got what you paid for everything was so fresh and a lot of pride was taken in the perpetration. The only down fall was the lap dance going on between the bartender and what we found out later to be the owner good thing it's 21 and over because it was definitely a nc17 show. We will be coming back again to try more of the food. Maybe lunch next time.
5 Talented bartenders made the night!! Ask for the skittles shots if you're in a group! The deep fried Jalape単o fries are amazing!!
5 Excellent bar!! Food is amazing, definitely go for the fried jalape単os!! And if you happen to be in a group, request the "skittles" shot, impressive display, delicious and worth every penny!! Great beer and liquor selection!! Bartenders and cook staff are well versed in their craft and will not disappoint!! Plenty of seating, gaming chairs and dining booths!! Decor is perfect for any long time local looking for nostalgia, plenty of old Vegas scenery around the bar!! And they have table Pacman and Golden Tee!! Bonus, writing on the walls in the bathrooms!! Awesome place!! You want to visit this spot!!
5 Love this brand new place amazing food and decor great spot for locals. I ate here and had the chicken and bacon infused waffles was unbelievably good. Chicken had a very light taste wasn't greasy at all and I can't even describe the bacon infused waffles gotta try it for yourself. Oh I also had peach cobbler for desert it was very good and the peaches came in slices which was great imo. Will definitely be back here on a regular basis.
5 I randomly ended up at Hooligans on a Saturday night when I was starving and some of my girlfriends checked-in here. My friend said the food was actually really good here, and this is a friend with exceptionally good taste. Whatever, bar food + good people, sign me the effe up.  Hooligans is a brand new bar tucked in the corner of the complex. Once inside the the bar was lit blue and has black & white collages of old school Vegas. It's a locals spot, for sure; or a place off the strip, you can come for a drink and one of the best burgers you'll find in Vegas.   The bar is the center piece and has quarter poker machines. They have players cards here, y'all, so rack up points. My friends gambled all night and their bar tab was null at the end of the night. Also, the bartenders here were beautiful. Hi Nicole and Sky.   Anyway, on to the truly important thing... This burger! I ordered the Jalape単o Popper Burger. Sweet mother of Pete and all damn things holy; this was one of the best burgers I've ever encountered. 2/3 lb of grass-feed beef, lightly seasoned with salt and pepper, cooked to medium, topped with cheddar cheese, fresh jalape単o peppers, freshly cut, and tempura-ed (is that a word?), with a bun that's grilled so it's nice and crunchy toasty... I love you, JPB. I got it prepared medium. It came with fries a la in-n-out: freshly cooked and fried. This is the KEY here, all food is cooked freshly. My burger took a little longer to get, but it was worth the wait. This bad boy only cost $11.00 too. It was so big, I got to enjoy it at home a second time. The chef here is the same guy that lent his talents to Bruddahs. You can taste the love in the food and it is of such great quality. I feel like I hit the jackpot Saturday.  Hooligans also has TVs for sports games, pool tables, ample space, hi-top tables, attentive staff, a vending machine with snacks and smokes, reasonable prices, a chill, local vibe, rewards system, and amazingly fresh food!! Definitely a fan. Can't wait to go back!
5 I've only been here a couple of times so far but I'm a big fan. It's on my way home from work so it's a cool place to stop for a drink and try and win some money. The vibe of the place is cool and they're still pretty new so they're working out the kinks. It's kind of an old Vegas lounge with a modern feel. The only crappy thing is that they're hidden from view so it isn't easy to find. Just look for Wienerschnitzel, they're behind them tucked away in the corner. They're doing a $50 match play promo right now if you feel like trying your luck.  Don't expect to watch any baseball here. They don't have the MLB package, much to my dismay. Luckily, I work at a Yankees bar and also have the MLB.TV subscription.   Both times I've been here so far, I've been helped by the bartender, Jessica, and she's great. Attentive, fun to talk to and she surprises you with some fun shots here and there. Update that Sky is also pretty cool and friendly.   I also met Bruce, the gentleman that runs the kitchen. He's great and you can tell he cares about his product. Everything is prepared fresh and made with care. Apparently he was the executive chef at Braddah's before they screwed him over. So he set up this kitchen and he's killing it. I tried a stuffed burger with baked potato fries and it was phenomenal. For $12, you get a gigantic 2/3 pound burger freshly made and stuffed how you want it on a really good roll with these incredible fries on the side. Worth it! I wish they were open a little earlier so I could grab some food on the way home but they're still new and getting set up so I understand. They open around 10/11, if I remember correctly. They also do a happy meal at a certain time which is like a beer, a burger and fries for $5.99 I believe. Something like 1-3pm. I'll double check and edit this.    Anyway, as a local bartender, I find this place to be a great local bar to support. Screw PT's and Dottie's, support the local independent bars or you'll be left with cold, cookie cutter corporate bars that don't know how to treat their customers.
