5 Vegas is a town full of massage therapists.  Honestly, you can open a phone book, throw a dart and hit one and for the most part, they're all okay.  But I have to say that Vegas Bodyworks is NOT okay.  Vegas Bodyworks is AMAZING.  Because they are not about massage therapy; they are about healing.  I have been going to Rebecca for YEARS and her knowledge of the human body- how it moves, how it recovers, how the muscle fibers adjust, it has never ceased to amaze me that one person has so much knowledge AND compassion.   Rebecca's knowledge of the various massage disciplines allows her to help her clients find the right modality for what they need to get their bodies back on track.  I find so few Ashiatsu practitioners that it's nice to have one in my backyard.
5 Wow Rebecca brings a whole new set of eastern techniques to the table. I can tell she has researched her craft thoroughly. My mind and body are blown away by how I feel afterwards. I've had a lot of massages from a lot of different places and she is truly the best. She's affordable too. Go for 90 minutes and it will actually end up being 2 hours of uninterrupted bliss.
5 I've first started going to Rebecca when I 9 months pregnant. .. ever since than I don't go to anyone else...  i followed her were ever she went!!! She is truly the best at what she does every time I call she knows that it's me and treats me like friend not customer and I love that about her! !!  Thank you so much for being there and helping every time I'm in pain. ..
5 Rebecca is very talented. Don't take her size for granted she has very strong hands. I'm a bigger guy but she had no trouble making sure she got every knot out. Took her time and made sure that I had the full relaxing experience. She came recommended as where I will recommend her to others.
5 I have learned in the past few years that massage can be helpful while training for triathlon or a running race, but I've never felt the need to spend the money staying consistent. Rebecca has surely changed all that.  She makes a huge difference for me every time I come in and is worth a ton more than she charges.  When I have gotten a massage with her prior to an event, I always feel better during the race and have a lot more fun!!  She definitely cares about her clients and how they are feeling.  She is amazing!
