5 Yay finally a boba place in a mall!! I have been here 3 times already and loved every drink I got.  I think they were the purple haze, my thai, and love potion. The girls that have helped me were always so informative which is impressive since they just opened and they were always sweet and really listened to my many questions.  There's so many options to choose from and the drinks have such cute names :)
5 Nice little boba place inside the mall. They have a ton of different options from smoothie boba to hot boba. I got the "My Thai boba" it was pretty good added coconut creamer instead of the regular cream. The only thing was that there was wayy too much boba in the drink next time I'll just ask for half boba or something
3 First timer here but love boba in general. The drinks itself are good but the price for the smallest one is just riduclous. I only got 2 hug (12oz) sized drinks with boba in one and it was $9. Also I was quite confused on the pricing since it's different for certain drinks. I got the Roxie Moxie with the strawberry nunu and can I say nono to the nunu? Basically a surprise once you bite it, personally I don't enjoy it nor did some of my family who tried it as well. We also got the Jazzy tea with boba which is a basic milk tea and it was good. Not too sweet but not bitter which was pleasant. This place is convenienant but I would choose something else to drink while I shop or my wallet would just dry up.
2 Heard a new Boba place opened up in the Chandler Fashion Mall and decided to hit it up. On the surface the place looked trendy and expensive. A massive collection of flavors and available choices...a bad sign normally in my book.  I ordered a large (smooch I believe it was called) milk tea boba. The boba itself was overcooked in my opinion and there was something odd about the after taste to the tea itself. It oddly made my throat scratchy.   It is overpriced for the size of the boba milk tea (almost $5 for a large) and was not impressed with the tea or boba.
3 I was very excited to try out a new boba place. I love anything mango, so wanted to get something with mango in it. The menu on the wall was hard to read for me, so it took me a while to find a couple of items that included mango and sounded good. Actually, most of the items on the menu sounded good.   I went up to order and asked the cashier her opinion of what's good. She suggested the Maui, which was a blended drink with mango, guava...and I don't remember. She said it was good, so I was ok! She asked if I wanted the mango nunu in it as well, and I was like sure! The total came out to be $5ish dollars...for the 20 oz Smooch size, which I did not even know I ordered that size! My thinking is that it was very loud and she probably threw the smooch word in there somewhere and I said sure!  So I ended up with a large smoothie for myself. It was tasty at first, but the more I drank it, the sicker I felt. It was soooo sweet that I thought I would have a heart attack. Okay, I may be a little dramatic, but seriously, it was very sweet. I never had a problem drinking boba smoothies, but this one in my opinion was too sweet.   The mango nunu's were alright? I would be fine without it. The menu has a large selection and they all sounded so good! Maybe the one I ordered just happened to be very sweet? I would want to give this place another try...this time the hug size.
4 They have a large selection of drinks and their boba is pretty good.  Their presentation is very well done.  I had the Sly Chai with boba for my first time there and it good even though I am not usually a fan of chai tea.  If I was ever around Chandler Fashion Square I would give them a try again.
1 Boba wasn't good at all. Very trendy but I prefer a simple shop with good boba anyday. The boba wasn't made properly, it was hard and not even remotely chewy.
5 I don't know what everyone's complaining about. It's at the mall, so it's going to be a little more pricey than an average boba shop. The guy working the register recommended the mango tango fruittea with the mango gobi. It was really delicious! The only thing I didn't like was that it was room temp. If the drink was cooler, I'd have enjoyed it more.
