5 Looking for a new donut shop in Mesa? Look no further! Dutch Donut Factory makes donuts fresh in house and boy does it smell delicious when you walk in the door!  Their large case is filled with tons of donuts - you're guaranteed to find at least one (or 10) that you'll love!   Not only do they have donuts they have a ham and cheese stuffed croissant - which are huge!  I tried the maple glazed, blueberry cake, apple fritter and toasted coconut cream filled - all of which were fresh! The maple glaze was so tasty and the blueberry cake was not overly sweet - they perfect donut if you're not a frosting fan.  I also order a Very Berry smoothy. It was made with whole fruits not a pre-made purée. It was smooth not icy - a great treat on a hot summer day  Dutch also has coffees, slush and Gelato!!   Please give this great family owned shop a try - they owner Vee is a total sweetheart and put her heart into each donut she makes herself!!  Great addition to this strip mall :)
5 The owner and his son stopped at my workplace with a box of samples earlier this week, along with a flier advertising 30% on May 30th...the samples were delicious, so I figured, what the heck?  I'm so glad I decided to go!  The store smells amazing even as you are walking up.  We were greeted kindly and offered samples.  We ended up walking out with a half dozen, very reasonably priced.    These doughnuts are the absolute best I have had since I moved away from my hometown bakery 7 years ago.  Soft, incredibly flavorful, and so obviously made fresh and with care.  The lemon filling was lovely, sweet and zippy with actual zest in it; the blueberry filling had actual blueberries.  The apple fritter was delicious--the ones from the grocery store never seem to have quite enough cinnamon for my taste, but these were perfect.  They even have my favorite cinnamon-sugar cake doughnuts, that taste exactly like the ones I grew up getting from my small-town orchard bakery.  This place is a great addition to the neighborhood, and you can bet I'll be back for more!
5 The donuts here are fantastic.  Some of the best I've ever had.  On my first trip I got something that looked like a giant bear claw, but was filled with some cinnamon gooey stuff and apples.  It was divine.  We've also sampled the glaze, chocolate covered, cake, sugar.  All great.
5 Good, old fashioned donuts. Family owned. Simply yummy  better than the Winchels where I grew up . I can't say enough good things about these donuts.
5 Came in after seeing the grand opening sign, and it's National Donut Day! They had a great selection of donuts that were hot and fresh and I had a strawberry banana smoothie. It was most excellent. I also met the infamous kid at the cash register. He was very polite, he's out of school for the summer. All I can say is give the place a try, it won't disappoint!
5 Was in the area and I just had to try their boba milk tea! They have many varies of milk tea including thai tea! I had the regular boba milk tea and it was absolutely awesome!!! I also grab some donuts while I was in, and they are amazingly good! The owner was so kind to even just give me a free sample of their donut holes (7 pieces) for free. They were so kind and present manners including their kids! I will have to stop by again if I come back to mesa! I recommend this place to all donut lovers!
5 Super fresh and super friendly family business. We had the peach black tea and taro tea, and several different donuts. Was a real treat!
5 Stopped in on Fourth of July to try out the new donut shop near me. I am easily going to return here and this will be my new stop for donuts. They are million times better than Dunkin' Donuts.
5 Just one more obsession to have!  Dutch Donut Factory is a wonderful unexpected surprised tucked away in NE Mesa.  I stopped in out of curiosity.  What a wonderful place for a not so ordinary treat.  The donuts were amazing and Thai tea with boba in MESA?  I am hooked.  It is small with a little charm.  I hope they do great and cannot imagine why they won't! Check it out! (only thing I would change is the curtain thing going in the back, out of place!)
5 The Best Donuts in Mesa, so many to choose from & fresh .  I love the boba tea ,and the smoothies. The 12 year boy who waited on me was so polite.
5 They are super clean, friendly, and who doesn't like a good doughnut?  They also have iced coffee, tea's, and other beverage's to compliment their WARM and FRESH doughnuts!  Oh, price was very reasonable as well!
