5 Enjoyed a fabulous Italian dinner. Our Server Eugene, formerly from Roka Akor, as always phenomenal.  Knew the menu and specials, recommendations were excellent choices!! Very professional. When you make a reservation or walk in request Eugene's Station you will not be sorry. The Manager and Hostess of this new restaurant were very visible and made inquiry as to the service and food, refilling our waters and beverage.  The pesto, served with the great assorted bread basket is superb!! This is a true winner.  Eating outside you see the beautiful Fountain. ENJOY!!
3 It's always exciting to try something new. The atmosphere is nice, the view is nice. We were quickly served our water when we were seated along with our menus. I had the spaghetti and meatballs(there's a fancy name for it on the menu) The dish was OK, but I wouldn't say amazing. My husband had the Pazanella which was simply a salad with croutons. After dinner we went to the bar for a drink and met Dustin the bartender, very nice and attentive. The chef and owner were very open to our suggestions. We would visit again and try something else on the menu. Can't beat the view!
5 As a San Diego native, I have frequented Arrivederci Cucina Italiana in both Hillcrest and near my Ranch San Diego home. I was so happy to see that they have followed me to Fountain Hills. I'm sorry, but Fountain Hills restaurants are not very good in general...until now.  Arrivederci is such a quality establishment and the food is so very fresh. My wife and I ordered the steak and mushroom risotto. Risotto is hard to nail but they do it to perfection. The risotto is creamy and filled with a variety of fresh mushrooms. The steaks were cooked as ordered and to perfection. They were so tender that I could cut mine with my fork. They were also seasoned perfectly.The meals came with a variety of fresh-baked bread and a fresh pesto dipping sauce. Considering the portions and the quality of meat, the prices are very reasonable.  The owner is so very kind and makes you feel like you are part of the family. Needless to say, we will be coming here often.   Finally...a REAL restaurant experience in Fountain Hills!
5 Amazing food .... Homemade Lasagna to die for the ambiance and setting is warm and cozy... Professional wait staff ....great dessert and amazing prices.... Yeah finally real food by real Italians.
5 This authentic restaurant is a true gem to our Fountain Hills Community!  The food is beyond delicious!  Owners and staff are very friendly,  accommodating and professional!  Their goal is for you to leave coming back for more, hence the name of the restaurant! Arrivederci translates into "we see each other again"! With an experience like I've already indulged in many times already, you can't help but want to return! Arrivederci!
3 Had dinner there on Saturday, 7/5. I had the Seafood Risotto, my wife had the Salmon, and our friend had the Italian Whitefish, which was explained later to be seabass. The food was great; the service, not so much. Our water glasses stayed empty for the entire meal (even through dessert), and nobody even came by the table to ask how our meals were after we received them. Not a disaster, but we definitely felt neglected. We will definitely return based on the quality of the food, but we are hoping the service issues get resolved.
2 Painfully dull food.  Sorry.  There are way better Italian places nearby.  Try Marco's on 116th.  Or Sal's or Tesoro. The calamari was OK, the meat/cheese plate OK also.  The chicken I had with "hot sausage", so bland you could have fed it to a toddler.  Same with my husband's veal dish and the salmon.  The valley is bad enough, Fountain hills is worse for food. I had hopes. All these glowing reviews just shows show low the standards are here.
5 Love Love Love this place! Finally a good restaurant in Fountain Hills! Fresh hand made pastas in house & authentic flavorful Italian food! Wonderful pesto dipping sauce for the bread which is a nice touch. The owner Angelo introduced himself right away & was working right along side the staff. Since it was our first time, we were welcomed with the most delicious complimentary dessert. They really make you feel like family & my sister in law & I could have sat there all night! So welcoming! We both Had the special which was soooo delicious! We had the famous waiter Eugene as mentioned in previous reviews- they are right, he was wonderful! By far the best food and service in Fountain Hills & I have been here a long time! Great place! You won't be disappointed!
