5 I've been so excited to see a Portuguese restaurant coming into the neighborhood since the first "coming soon!!" In the windows.   For weeks every time I walked by I whispered "please have shrimp rissois on the menu, please have shrimp rissois on the menu, please have shrimp rissois on the menu".  Our group of friends decided we would all go together and last night was finally the night!   THE SHRIMP RISSOIS ARE LOVELY!!! Prayers: answered.  The beauty of these little handmade fried dumplings is the crispy breaded outside with the creamy shrimpy goodness inside.  They're high on my list of comfort foods.    I had the Bacalhau com natas... what a lovely plate of cod with a cheesy creamy topping,  generous portion too with black olive garnish mmm... The food was all piping hot when it got to the table.  The chorizos were flambéd right at the table!! (And all who tried it said it was delicious and not greasy) two of our friends had a steak and cheese sandwhich with a spicy gravy and a fried egg on top - that looked amazing... two had the pork and beef skewers and commented that the spice rub was just right, flavorful with heat, but not overpowering.  My sister in law had steak with potatoes and an egg, she was impressed at how perfectly the steak was done to her order (medium rare)...   We didn't even wait for our mains to make our verdict - after the appetisers (the afore mentioned rissois, along with cod cakes and 2 chorizos) we had decided we were definitely coming back.    The wait staff were helpful and attentive, I had trouble deciding between the two bacalhau dishes and with a single question "do you like salty food" our waitress helped me decide.  I've never had bacalhau com natas before and wasn't sure what to expect, while I want to try more dishes, I know that's a solid go-to for me next time I'm there.   We were all surprised, with the size of our meals - 6 mains, 6 or 7 starters - at the size of our check - only £99!! It's BYOB but still, that was a nice surprise.    We live in the neighborhood and Tugas is always fairly packed so I'd advise making a reservation.  Tugas Amor will, if it hasn't already, outgrow it's space, I hope it doesn't leave the neighborhood, but when and if it moves, I will happily go cross town for a fix.
3 This wee charming restaurant definitely reminded me of Lisboa. There are a total of about 7 tables (give or take).  So booking in advance is a good idea.  I had the chicken piri piri. My chicken was cooked perfectly . Reminded me of the chargrilled chicken I had in a wee place  when visiting Portugal. The chips are from frozen and the salad was a measly piece of iceberg with a couple of tomato wedges. This is actually pretty typically how food is served in a lot of places, and the chips were actually pretty tasty considering they were frozen. I just don't find too satisfying paying 9£ for a plate of frozen chips a meager salad and some chicken.
3 This wee place was certainly an experience. My friend lives nearby and for once there was a table, so we figured - why not?!   We definitely felt like we'd stepped into a restaurant in Portugal: the World Cup was on in the background (not annoyingly so), the vibrant decor, the intimate feel of the place and the sun was pouring through the window...   The waiter was extremely enthusiastic about his country and eager to tell us of life in Portugal - that particular evening was a special day in Portugal and apparently his friends back home were 'getting drunk at this moment!'  As for the food, the word I'd use is 'interesting'. The veggie options were largely tofu-based, and our new friend, the waiter, encouraged me to try one of them. It was a cheesy, omelettey, garlicy, oniony concoction which would have been lovely for breakfast, but it wasn't quite what I had in mind! I'd be keen to go for one of the tapas options next time.   My friend's chicken piripiri on the other hand, was a total hit.  I'd go back for the atmosphere and holiday vibes, but I advise to be careful when choosing interesting new dishes.
5 A small little restaurant with big heart!  The food is excellent, the guys who work there are really excited about the food and encourage people to try new things. The place is nearly always busy but weirdly enough it was a relaxed atmosphere - no-one seems to get too stressed, and everyone seems to enjoy themselves (both staff and customers).  It's a brilliant spot and I've been back several times - it's a great place to bring people who've not had portuguese food before. It's way cheaper (it's BYOB too) and more filling than Nando's across the road and definitely a lot more fun.
3 I live close by this new Portuguese restaurant, and I was looking forward to trying it.   According to a Portuguese friend of mine, Tuga is a short term for Portuga/Portuguese, so Tuga Amor - Portuguese love, and I think it's a nice match.   It's a small cosy restaurant with friendly and smiley staff, the little neighbourhood restaurant that you can visit any time you don't feel like cooking or as a treat!  It is a BYOB place, but since we were not in the mood for alcohol we tried out the Portuguese pineapple soda, which was refreshing on a warm day!  As a starter we shared a cold dish, Portuguese cheese, with a brilliant rich flavour, sprinkled with paprika.   My other half had a beef steak with a fried egg on top which was quite filling, while I couldn't resist ordering beef and pork skewers with fries and salad!! There were pepper or onion slices in between the meat pieces and it balanced very well. The fries were French style, which is closer to the typical ones you will find in Mediterranean Sea, flavour-wise normal.  For a Portuguese restaurant it would make sense to have a bit better quality olives, but maybe I had high expectations!  I would give it 3.5 stars but since there is no such option I'll go for three - space for improvement!!!  I will certainly go back to try more!
