5 Went in for the soft opening today, excellent menu, friendly staff, beautiful decor. The empanadas were my fav, everything else we had on the menu had excellent flavors and presentation too.  Will be back!
3 I'm going to say this. I will come back in a couple of weeks to see how things are going. But first, let me praise the staff to the high heavens. Unlike a lot of new places downtown they don't assume you're going to just drink the koolaid. They were ernest in their desire to make sure we were comfortable and happy with our food. They seemed to have actually tasted most of the food and had good recommendations for us. Much like La Comida, I'd eat here again regardless of what I thought of the food because the staff made the experience worthwhile. Fyi, I don't care for the food at La Comida.   The food. Well. We split oxtail risotto which, honestly, was so rich as to be offputting. I ate maybe four spoonfuls as did my lunch date. There was plenty left to take home but we passed. We also had the bacon jam with brie. It was actually delish, but again, a little went a long way. A very long way. Again, we passed on taking the extra home. The empanadas were filled with nice chunky meat that was tender though it could've been a tad juicier. The mushroom flatbread was a great appetizer and the pizza cook was lots of fun without being overly familiar.  Here's my issue and it's something you can actually see in the accompanying picture. The risotto and jam seemed to be swimming in something. It wasn't grease. Maybe some oil like truffle? The lake of whatever it was did not inspire one to want to deal with that in a to go box or when it inevitably congealed. Again, offputting is the only word I can find to describe my feelings about it. It really wasn't greasy or slimy, but it looks that way. Combined with the fact that everything (except the empanadas) was just way too rich means I won't be pushing this as a place to go. Not yet.   I'm sure that Carson Kitchen will find it's feet very soon, and hope so. I like the vibe even if the decor looks like someone went to EAT and decided that's the new downtown Vegas hip eatery look. Seriously, it almost looks like a blatant rip off. They seemed to be working on an outside patio which in and of itself will get me back this summer. And, not to be petty, I give it points for being filled with adults, not a bunch of bearded wannabes.   The pricing seemed a tad ambitious. For small plates you can go from a quick bite to a $50 lunch in no time. Not outrageous but probably not in my, "let's run by for a nosh", price range.  I look forward to sampling more of Carson Kitchen soon but I'm hoping they bring the ooze down a notch. Go check it out for yourself, it's worth a try. Good luck Carson Kitchen, welcome downtown!
5 Open two days but you would think it had been open two years.  An open kichen concept where the chefs create master pieces on plates.  Cocktails are hand crafted and go down way too easy.  I am mad at the mac n cheese because it is simply AMAZING. I will never attempt to make homemade mac n cheese again as it will seem like an utter failure once I had this.  The rabbit ragu served over spaghetti squash is equally delicious.  I can't wait to come back again and again so I can work my way through this entire menu.  What a homerun for downtown.
5 Second day of being open and it was amazing. The atmosphere was cool and felt like I was in San Francisco or something. The Mac and cheese blew my mind. I also would recommend the bourbon fudge brownie (it's got bacon). Tip: taste the ice cream and the brownie separately then together! Sooo yummy!
5 Carson Kitchen.. You Complete Me I .. love.. you.  Shut Up, Just Shut Up... You Had Me At Hello...   I'm gonna be a regular at this place. Beautifully rich flavors, nice presentation, delicious prices! I've already had 1/6 of the menu, and I've been here exactly once! Get here... Now. You'll be thankful you did! Happy Eating!
5 Two Words-So Good!!  A new gem to the downtown corridor. This restaurant by Chef Kerry Simon takes comfort food to the next level!  Started off with a few of the shareable plates. If you don't care about your waist line or your cholesterol levels, start with the crispy chicken skins. They have taken the best part of fried chicken and made it an appetizer!  The Wellington empanadas are amazing!  The beef inside is so flavorful and tender.  Next we had the tempura green beans. The beans were so fresh and the tempura was the perfect crispiness/saltiness. Don't forget to dip in the cream cheese sauce. Next was the veal meatballs with sherry foie gras cream sauce. Again heaven. Taking down home comfort food and jazzing it up a notch. Did I mention we sat at the chefs counter and were able to talk to the entire kitchen staff while they prepared our meal!  It was like being on a cooking show. For our main course, we had the short rib sliders and the baked Mac and cheese. Again amazing comfort food taken to the next level. The short ribs have a root beer glaze that is a perfect compliment to the braised beef. I've been dying to try the Mac and cheese since the day I saw a pic of them on FB a few months ago and it was so worth the wait!   As stuffed as we were, we still tried the Bourbon Fudge Brownie with brown butter bacon ice cream. And we were so happy we did. The ice cream had actual bacon bits in it!  Paired with the decadent chocolate brownie, the saltiness/creaminess of the ice cream was what God must have intended heaven to taste like :)  I will definitely be coming back with lots of my friends in tow!
5 Had dinner at Kerry Simon's new Carson kitchen in downtown Las Vegas last night. Tried a wide variety of things and everything was excellent. Great atmosphere, outstanding service, and my favorite dishes were the empanadas, the short rib sliders, the meatballs, the chicken thighs, and...well everything was delicious. He did it again. Great job Kerry!!!
5 So much happening Downtown, and a great addition is Carson Kitchen. Cool vibe with great service and wonderful food! Chefs Kerry Simon and Cory Harwell have created an amazing menu... you'll want to try everything!! A neighborhood gem.
4 We stopped by on an early Sunday evening for dinner. It was busy, but they were able to seat us right away at one of the community counters/tables. Space is at a premium in their close-packed space, so expect communal seating to be a more likely fate than a private table.  The dish portions and pricing seem to indicate they're more the "we're not here to engorge you, we're here to delight you with good tasting food" kind of place.   We ordered the "Devil's" Eggs, Roasted Young Beets, Rabbit Ragu and Duck Confit Flatbread. The "Devil's" Eggs were ridiculously delicious. The Roasted Young Beets with goat cheese and orange slices was interesting and good. The Rabbit Ragu wasn't so great. Although alright, I couldn't taste any rabbit flavor over the spiciness of the sauce. And the duck in the Duck Confit Flatbread was tasty.  The service is top-notch, but also a bit pandering with their, "You've made some excellent choices." I'd like to think that if I ordered ANYTHING from their menu it would be an excellent choice. But I really appreciated the effort.  If you're looking for a bit of a culinary adventure in a very social eating space, then you'll likely enjoy an experience at Carson Kitchen.
5 Started with the deviled eggs which were perfect!  And served on a melted wine bottle platter you can get in container park. I had spaghetti squash with duck it was perfect just enough spice! My friend had the grilled cheese and spicy totes mmmmmm those tots !   LETS TALK DESSERT! I had the bread pudding and was in heaven :)) the chef told us it was made with doughnuts from next door at O Face doughnuts love that!  Loved the downtown vibe here cant wait to come back!
4 Went here for lunch. We got there at 11:30 and were quickly seated, however, it is a small space and filled up while we were there. They sat us at the communal table, I was fine with it and had some interesting conversations. However, I could see how if someone was shy or didn't enjoy talking to strangers how they might not enjoy sitting there. The decor was industrial modern.   We split the chicken skins with smoked honey - which was awesome! The skins were crispy and the honey gave it the perfect sweet to contrast the salt. Also, it was one of the more reasonable items on the menu at $6.   Wellington Empanadas - they were good but I wouldn't order them again. They were really salty, and to me part of the beauty of the wellington is how well they are cooked -while the phyllo dough likened itself to a wellington the filling was chopped beef and other vegetbales. Thus at $10 not my favorite item.   The short rib sliders with spicy tator tots - three sliders for $14. A little over priced. The sliders had a sweet flavor to them and a crunch from french fried onion the bun. There was not much sauce on them either. My friend likened them to a marshmallow flavor of a rice krispy treat, while I don't completely agree with her I found it amusing. Again, good but not phenomenal and I think I would try something else.   Duch Confit Flatbread - very good, again sweet like the flatbread was brushed with honey - however, very very small portion. Possibly six inches in length by four inches or so across. Also, the flatbread was not crisp on the bottom, however the flavor was good. $10.   Glad I tried it, loved the chicken skins, but a little pricey for what you receive for my taste but it is a Kerry Simon restaurant. If you go for lunch go early - they fill up fast with the downtown work crowd. If there are only two of you expect to be seated at the communal area.
3 A cautiously optimistic 3 stars, since CK has only been open a week and we only tried four dishes; but there is much to be excited about here. The space itself is rather small, with communal/bar seating taking up the majority. Does anyone actually like communal dining? Its a hip concept on paper, but no thanks to being seated across from the group of six dudes making their slow, loud, boozy departure. I take it more space will be opening up in the courtyard and ceiling patio eventually? Here's hoping. The old hotel has some great little nooks and crannies, worthy of becoming a go-to late-night hangout.    From greeting through to bill payment, service was friendly and attentive. Our server (Vicky I think?) offered just the right mix of good cheer without being cloying. The only little hiccup was a lengthy wait for our last dish, maybe ten or so minutes, but we didn't feel neglected and weren't in a rush so no harm done. In general, the atmosphere was festive and inviting. Great energy.   Our dishes were 1. Spuds/Sprouts Hash; 2. Veal Meatballs; 3. Wellington Empanadas; and 4. Chicken Thighs with Chimichurri. The first dish was far and away the least successful of the group, and was actually quite disappointing. In flavor, texture and even color everything was monochromatic. The "spuds" weren't fully cooked. The dish was heavy, brown, and muddled. The meatballs came next, and were a revelation. They were tender and moist with a rich, dark outer crust, and the foie/sherry cream sauce was divine; especially the bright notes of sherry, which cuts through and elevates the otherwise heavy combination. Not sure how necessary the 9 stray peas are though. Third came the empanadas, with a gorgeous buttery/flakey crust and moist and tender filling. The accompanying "gravy" seemed to be made from a demi-glace, as it was layered with all kinds of delightful "colors"; problem was it was face-scrunchingly salty. Rarely is over-salting an issue in restaurants, but this was put-down-your fork salty. Finally came the chicken thighs, which I was overjoyed to see on the menu. Thighs are the best and most tragically ignored part of the bird, and CK knows this and gets it right. Boneless and slightly flattened, they are the perfect combination of moist and juicy meat with cracklingly crunchy skin. Just like God intended. The Chimichurri is a brilliant accompaniment, full of brightness and acidity, but once again it was over-salted. The sauce man needs to take it down a few notches. The chimi wasn't as excessive as the "gravy" but it was still distracting. Nevertheless, I loved the thighs. The juicy-crispy combo reminded me of my favorite dish at Raku, "juicy deep fried chicken"--so bravo and thanks, CK!   I live down the street and am thrilled to have CK in the neighborhood. I'll be back soon to further explore the menu and enjoy the historic space.
5 Great, energetic staff!  Creative and delicious menu items. We had the bacon jam, mac and cheese, veal meatballs, duck flatbread, butter burger, brownie with bacon ice cream, and glazed donut bread pudding for dessert. None are exactly low calorie but all were sooooo worth it.  A really fun and tasty experience all around. We'll definitely be returning with more people. Love this little spot!!
4 Great new addition to the DTLV dining scene! Had dinner with a party of 8 at CK so we got to try a lot of the menu. Overall, the food was really good. Some highlights were the tempura green beans, the mac & cheese, the deviled eggs, the bacon jam, and the broccoli. The mushroom flatbread and the beet salad were fine and the spam croquettes were very salty (but cleverly presented). The gyro tacos were tasty and filling. Service was solid - at times inattentive but it was pretty busy. Only real drawback was how loud it was. Music turned up too high. in sum, definitely recommend it.
5 Best Mac & Cheese I've had in a long time!! But shhh... The ingredients are secret! They keep it simple, no fancy bacon or lobster or anything like that, just literally macaroni and cheese, a tiny hint of truffle and a little bread crumb on top. It was incredible! We also tried the mushroom flatbread, green beans, and gyro tacos, all which were wonderful! Dipping sauce for the green beans was great, big chunks of cream cheese mixed with some sort of chili sauce. Our server, Brittany, made excellent recommendations and was super personable! Highly recommend this place. Also heard they are working on a rooftop patio which will be fun. Can't wait to come back and try more. Great spot!
4 So...reserved judgment until 3 visits - all within a week - so that should say something. Have to say, Big fan. Really hit the sweet spot of Vegas casual great food dining. Well done. Nice to see the Lyeth Meritage on the menu. Such a solid wine. Indicative of the well thought contemplative concept. Personal favs, mussels, Greek tacos, duck confit flatbread, glazed donut bread pudding.  Welcome to the neighborhood.
3 Carson Kitchen....  Here are the bullet points....  -New Downtown bar and restaurant -Open Kitchen  -Small, cramped, and loud.  NOTE:  there's an upstairs patio soon to be open -Great service with a big staff -Reservations if your party is 6 or more -Located next door to O Face Doughnuts -Apps:  Portions are small and pricey -The Food:  Portions are small and priced about right.   The gf and I came here on Friday night just about a week after they opened.  I thought that the service was great.  Our server gave us his recommendations, was very attentive, and he even gave us a quick tour.  As for the food, I enjoyed half of what I had.  I ordered their Wellington Empanada as an app and their Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak as an entree.  The empanada was a little too greasy and pricey at $10 for two small pieces.  The steak cost $18 and I thought it was worth it. It was delicious, sliced, and full of flavor. My gf had their Bacon Jam as an app and their Black Rice & Oxtail Risotto.  I got a little taste and thought both were pretty good.  Again, wasn't a fan of the price of their Bacon Jam, but thought that the entree was just about right.    Overall, don't let my 3 star review fool you.  3 stars from me means that they are just "A-Ok".  In other words, I don't see myself rushing back any time soon.  I do recommend other Yelpers to give them a try. TIP:  Tip regarding their Check-In...double check your receipt. We were charged for our "Free" item.  They fixed the issue...just saying.
5 With a menu that seems to be as dynamic as a physics engine or a periodic table, the collection of flavor is so bountiful that it will leave you wanting more.  How many restaurants can take a can of Spam and make the most tasty croquettes you ever had in your entire life?  .  .  .  Don't worry, I'll wait.  Oh but that's just the start!  The menu is as unique as they come, from crispy chicken skin appetizers to rabbit ragu spaghetti, they have strayed far from all the downtown food niche and created one of their own.  With the soon-to-be-open upstairs bar and patio, hopefully their presence will be solitified in the Downtown Vegas scene.  I have great hopes for this place.  And if you're in the area, I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.
5 Love this place! Only thing is it's so small but I know they are opening a second floor.  Service was great! Our waiter helped us decide on a yummy shot and was so nice and helpful. The bacon jam was really good as was the Wisconsin burger! Definitely a restaurant worth driving downtown to.  We went on a Friday night about 7, wasn't too long of a wait, we enjoyed a drink on their outside patio which I'm sure after fixed up and decorated more will be super cute!  I always have room for dessert but my first visit was too stuffed.  Going back to try the bread pudding!
5 What can I say another great place to eat!  The Mac and cheese amazing!  Then we move on to the ribs and spam balls different but oh so good.  Sliders melt at your first bite and such a great taste . Then to finish it all off after a few other delicious.  However let me say to finish off the bacon ice cream with fudge brownie was just way to much for my taste buds!  I went during lunch , but plan to go for dinner . I can only imagine it will be that much more better .
4 Well done! There are the expected service issues of a new place, but aside from that, I could not have been more pleased. My lunch date and I had the mac and cheese, empanadas, and gyro taco. The taco shell was much too large and could have used some more pico, but the flavor was good. Service was slow, but pleasant.  I couldn't help but notice a lot of management and/or stakeholders milling about and not helping with service/refills/ ect. All in all, I will be back.
5 OMG!!!  The food was awesome! My family and I (7 in all) had the most wonderful food experience at Carson's Kitchen. The flavors, the atmosphere, the staff (including the owner) were top notch. We were blessed with some treats, tempura green beans and bacon jam in addition to "out of this world" butter burgers, jerk turkey burger, crispy chicken skins, rootbeer glazed spareribs and the freaking "off the chain" spicy tater tots!!!  Had to give the owner a hug for the great experience and hospitality. Wishing this establishment nothing but success. We will return!
5 OMG I love this place!! I had the jerk turkey burger it had all kinds of flavors inside.  They also have a lot of specialty drinks that are not on the menu you have ask the bartender. They're opening up a patio area on the top of the venue July 4th weekend looking forward to it!
5 Incredible restaurant.  The place is small, accessible, and funky.  The food blew me away.  We tried lots of stuff, including the bacon jam with Brie and toast, the devils eggs, crispy chicken skins, veal meatballs, mac and cheese, and donut bread pudding...the chicken skins were my favorite!  Seriously the best part of fried chicken in a basket with smoked honey.  Wow!
4 We had a little trouble finding it because the address is on 6th but the entrance is actually on Carson. But we were seated right away (Sunday dinner) and our server was fantastic! I'd heard about the Bacon Jam and it was good... but I think I was expecting more because it had been raved about. I had a wonderful beet salad - which I will definitely have again - and "Not Your Father's Twinkies" for dessert. Kerry Simon is known for these twists on sweet American junk food so this play on Twinkies is in his wheel house. They are really moist and the mandarin oranges work well. But I felt it was lacking in cream and would be better if plated with a creme or pudding. Since the menu is new, I wanted to share my feedback and the maitre d' was really glad that I did. In fact, he agreed with me and encouraged us to come back  as they continue to perfect the menu. Solid experience overall.
5 Let me gather my thoughts... It's difficult to paraphrase an explosive experience on a full stomach. Ok I'll start from beginning to end. We got there and parking was difficult, greeter at the door was nice, super packed, 45 minute wait, ordered a beer at the bar, waited in the back courtyard. Now this seems rather unpleasant, but this is where Carson Kitchen 'stepped their game up' and delivered. At the bar they had a Brooklyn Brown Ale that my friends and I enjoy and haven't seen here in the west coast. The court yard in the back was surprisingly serene, reminiscent of times spent in a backyard BBQ with friends. The wait was actually 15 mins which translated to 'freaking awesome' (I like the under-promising and over-delivering). Now, the fifth star was credited to the food and the man behind the magic. Bacon Jam is on point and that is no understatement because I found myself spreading that goodness on everything. No joke. I put it on the Mac n cheese, I put it on the gyro tacos, I put it on the coco steak. Don't get me wrong, all of these dishes lacked nothing and were incredible by themselves, but that bacon jam was like crack for me, and given the means I would've taken it intravenously. I guess one of the chefs came out to check on us and he couldn't have been a more 'cool like dat' kind of guy. Kudos to Eugene the chef, you made that food your bitch and owned it. Not quite sure who the owner is but you get the standing 'O' for nailing the whole ambiance of this place. You seriously got that five star taste without all that pretension of those snotty, over priced, mish-mash, upscale casino restaurants. Most def coming back here and referring it to my friends and family.
4 I was slightly skeptical about how awesome this place could possibly be- it seems every time something new opens Downtown, it gets RAVE reviews and then sort of falls of the map.  However, it definitely lives up to the hype!!  We sat at the bar, and were served by Andrew, who was extremely knowledgeable and friendly!!  Ordered 2 cocktails (delicious) and the Chicken Skins and Deviled Eggs, which were both incredible.  I can't wait to go back for a full meal!!   The only thing that is keeping me from giving 5 stars is how hot it was in the restaurant.  I realize they have an open kitchen, and that it was 110 degrees yesterday, but it was notably uncomfortable.
4 I expected Carson Kitchen to be a little busy based on the buzz, but not a 30 minute wait on a Sunday night.  At least my wife and I were able to get drinks and hang around their outdoor area in the back.  The whole thing was quite an eye opener for me.  Who would have thought even 5 years ago that something like this would be thriving on 6th St and Carson???  Amazing!  The dining area was little cramped but still maintained a cool vibe.  The open kitchen, bustling servers and unique sitting area kind of enhanced the experience.  I wouldn't come with more than a party of 4 until their outdoor and upstairs areas are done.  Our server informed us those areas would be complete in about a week.  I'd classify the fare as "New American".  Kerry and his staff do some really interesting twists.  Their "Wellington Empanada" was a delicious way to start the meal.  I enjoyed their take on the typical empanada crust.  It was light with some crunch and soaked up the excellent sauce on the plate nicely.    My wife gasped when she saw they offered "Crispy Chicken Skins" and ordered it almost before our server got out the word "hello".  Breaded and deep fried chicken skin isn't exactly clean eating but holy shit was it awesome.  Maybe chicken skin really is the new bacon!  It was a glorious way to swiftly kick my diet right in the balls.  Both of us weren't really big on the smoked honey dipping sauce it came with and opted to use the rich empanada sauce instead.  We shared the "Rabbit Ragu" and the "Cocoa-Espresso NY Strip Steak" done rare.  The rabbit was delightful and the sauce delivered a surpisingly spicy kick.  Thankfully, the spaghetti was made of squash.  I needed some vegetables after my mini guilt trip on the chicken skins :P The steak was a little more medium rare than rare but the sauce and light espresso flavor made up for it.  Can't wait to drink and dine outside next time!
4 Definitely a fan of this unmarked, unpretentious downtown dive.  Exceptional menu and carefully crafted creations... my favorites?  Devil's Eggs w/ Caviar & Pancetta, CRISPY chicken skin and BACON JAM.  Amazing service and menu.  Hi-5 to this concept... can't wait till the balcony is open.  I'll be seeing you Carson.
5 Took a group of 15 and the waitress just served us what she thought we might want. Awesome experience. Bacon Jam has changed my life.
4 my favorite place downtown.... Amazing food!!!! Everything i ordered was delicious.  Crispy chicken skin is addicting, tempura green beans was delicious, blacked rice oxtail risotto is savory, chicken tights are really moist, spicy sausage flat bread is amazing.... And yes bourbon brownie with candy bacon is so good!!!! Definitely recommend this place!
5 This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas. I hope to god it is here next time I'm in town. Great drinks and great food. Inventive twists on standards and you can tell they actually care about what they're serving.
5 Great service, chill atmosphere, and amazing food.  Will definitely go again and again!!!
5 Had late lunch here today so they weren't too busy, I heard it can get packed in here so plan ahead!   First of all the ambience is amazing. I like their unique sitting area. We were seated at the bar.   Server was attentive and quick. Took our drink and appetizer orders. We got the tempura green beans, which were amazing. I find that most fried green beans I have are almost always too oily, not these. I ordered the Tomato Stack which wasn't overly filling but was flavorful. Lastly we got the bread pudding. As other have mentioned they use donuts from next door. It was so good, I wanted another one. Definitely a must try!   Would love to be able to comment on more of their dishes, so I'll definitely be back soon!
5 Loved this little gem of a spot!!   We stopped by to grab a bite after the Sunday matinee showing of Book of Mormon at the Smith Center.  Bacon jam...amazing!! Crispy Chicken Skins...salty slices of heaven which are served with a smoked honey for dipping. (These are MUST try items!!!!)  We also had the short rib sliders, the beet salad and the Devil's Eggs (4 deviled egg halves with crispy pancetta and caviar on top....OMG!!)  Plus I tried two delicious cocktails   Brewer's Fix: Hop head vodka, apricot preserves, fresh lemon, simple syrup, prosecco   The Magarian: Aviation gin, thyme & honey syrup, fresh lemon, mr. q cumber soda  Not easy to find....the door is actually ON Carson Street not on 6th.   This place is tiny, so I'm quite sure that if you go on a busy weekend during prime noshing hours, you'll have to wait. I will tell you, it is WORTH the wait!!  Next time I'm trying the Butter Burger and the Mac & Cheese.
4 You know what I mean when you taste the first mouthful of food and you immediately know this place will be on your "come back" list?  This is one of those places.   I'm docking a star for service.  The food was awesome.  Tried the broccoli salad, bacon jam, butter burger, steak, and the bread pudding.    Broccoli salad - wonderful mix of sweet, sour, crunchy, and creamy.  Refreshing.  Burger and steak were cooked perfectly - medium rare, just the way we like.  (Medium rare meaning red in the middle, you have no idea how hard it is for people to get medium rare right).  Bacon jam was so smokey and slightly sweet - just wish they weren't so chintzy about the brie and bread.  I mean, 5 pieces of bread for all the jam??  Come on, now.   The interior is very industrial-y, raw material-y feeling.  Very unique.  We were catching Book of Mormon after dinner and let our bartender know.  We sat at the bar as there was no other seating when we arrived.  We let her know when we first sat down and she promised she would get us out of there in time.  We ordered everything up front (including dessert) but ended up waiting and waiting for the bread pudding after the meal.  We told her to cancel it and it ended up showing up right as we were leaving.  At this point we were already late so we each scarfed down a bite and ran out the door.  It also seemed more important to her to flirt with her fellow bartender than see if we needed anything.  We all wanted another round of drinks but could not get her attention.  By the time she noticed, we were done with our meal and it was a little late for another round.  Is it customary for bartenders to take away your glass when you still have at least two drinks left?  I felt like I still had a good amount of beverage left when the bartender tried to take away my glass.  Maybe it was our fault for catching a show after dinner but we thought an hour and a half would be sufficient.  Guess not.
5 Mannnnn their jerk turkey burger (w/ #mango chutney slaw) just may be the BEST turkey burger I've ever had. The combination of flavors is pretty damn incredible. I was seriously speechless. Oh and pictures do NOT do the epic glazed donut bread pudding justice  FML. This should be illegal. Amazing experience with incredible service, cocktails and food. I actually took the time to talk to a manager and I NEVER do this. Absolute must if you're in Vegas.
4 You had me at the first bite!!!  I cant say how much I enjoyed this place. From the cocktails to the food to even the staff- all made my and my friends experience amazing.  The location, there is no huge sign declaring itself, but with the smells of grub and laughter from the folks outside, we found the entrace on carson between 6th and lv blvd. Which is important because the door is that easy to miss when you have the sun glaring in your face. The seating did take a bit more than I like especially on a Tuesday at 630 but rather than stay out on carson, we found walked through the restaurant to a door that lead to a surprise serene grassy backyard. It was equipped with wicker chairs and a fire pit. We also saw the stairs that lead to the second floor which is not being used due to the extremely high weather. I predict this will be the place to be in the winter time...beers + fire pit = thats where ill be!!! On to the food...for appetizer we ate the wellington empanadas which smelled amazing as I sliced into those bad boys and we also had oxtail risotto and steak- the best combination and my stomach had no complaints.  The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about the food. Though there were a couple of times they almost took our plates before we could finish getting all the sauce with our empanadas but that was forgivable seeing as it looked like we were done but in reality it was us savoring each bite. The cherry on top of the sundae was actually not ice cream BUT bread pudding made of doughnuts! I won't describe it because dessert is the point of the meal and why spoil the surprise.
5 Carson Kitchen is a downtown gem!! I will def be back for more!! The service was great, kitchen a bit slow but all was forgotten when the food arrived!! We chose to start with the short rib sliders (sweet and savory) and rainbow broccoli (perfectly seasoned) and swordfish (cooked well)! Wishing we had room for dessert but that will have to wait for our next visit! Ambiance is amazing and you can wait with a cocktail in hand in their courtyard out back!
5 I love all of Kerry Simons concepts and this was no exception! Amazing food and gorgeous space. Sit outside on the rooftop patio. It has a cool, urban downtown feel. I will definitely be coming back soon!
4 This restaurant is going to be our favorite for a Downtown variety, we decided to do lunch and was able to get in without a wait.  Very unique food with a twist, the black rice looks strange, but the taste is very good.  The meatballs are very tasty and so was the short rib sliders.  I sure wasn't expecting that sweet taste which comes from the rootbeer sauce.  The only thing that bothers me is the parking as with any Downtown place you want to visit.  A definite must try!!!!
5 bravo, a great new place downtown to get your grub on.  I loved the selection of beers, the food was stellar, I would go again just to try some other stuff.  You must have the deviled eggs, I would have taken another order of those, we also had some steak special that rocked out, fresh veggys and beer, just a perfect meal.  $$$ pricey, but well worth it.  Not horrible value, but not cheap per se.  5 star food and service.  mmmm mmm good...
5 Never have I ever thought of an establishment like this would actually exist at the former John E. Carson Hotel in DTLV!!  Came in on a busy Saturday night with at least 30-minute wait for a table of two.  Luckily, we were able to snag two seats at the bar upstairs which certainly has a better atmosphere than the crammed dining area downstairs.  The rooftop patio has this relaxed and hip ambiance: bistro lighting hanging throughout, awesome music playing in the background and plenty of seating especially for a fairly large group.  Cocktails are rather great in this place.  Forgot his name but the Irish bartender made our experience that much better.  He explained what goes in each libation and even provided few unexpected treats throughout the night.  Out of all the drinks I had, I liked Towns End (Slow & Low Whiskey, Fernet Vittone, Amaro del sole, Regan's Orange Bitters No. 6, Angostura bitters) the most as I usually tend to go for dark liquors.  Asked for a Sazerac next since I was already going towards that route, but unfortunately, no Pernod at this joint!  The bartender, however, decided to make me a drink somewhat suggestive of what the Magarian (Aviation Gin, thyme & honey syrup, fresh lemon, Mr. Q. Cumber Soda) would taste like.  Surprisingly, I didn't mind the transition from dark to light as the smokiness greatly complimented the Crispy Chicken Skin and its smoked honey dipping sauce.  Right when you know I've had enough liquor for the night, I was faced with Brewer's Fix (Hophead Vodka, apricot preserves, fresh lemon, simple syrup, Prosecco) which was amazing due to the fact that a.) it's on the house and b.) I like India Pale Ales.    As far as their dishes, there are plenty of interesting items to choose from.  For this visit, we opted for their shared plates.  If you were only to get one thing from the menu, make sure it's the Crispy Chicken Skins.  Something about a chicharron-like chip dipped in smoked honey sauce is just sublime!  Another favorite was the Veal Meatballs smothered in sherry foie gras cream sauce.  Yes, sherry foie gras cream sauce... it's truly as good as it sounds!!  Also decided to get the "Devil's Eggs" (topped with crispy pancetta and caviar) and Roasted Young Beets (pistachio, orange and goats cheese).  Still have plenty of room?!  End your meal with the Glazed Doughnut Bread Pudding (three rum caramel and vanilla creme anglaise).  It ain't no sticky toffee but it's a great alternative.  Overall, Carson Kitchen definitely lives up to all the buzz!!  Delicious food, impressive concoctions,  great ambiance and superb customer service.  Can't wait to go back!
5 My cousin and I are so glad we went in here. They were out of the fried chicken skin. I'll just have to come back. We had the broccoli w/green goddess dressing. Yum! The Rainbow cauliflower was delicious.  The Bacon Jam and Brie was good too. My cousin kept eating spoonfuls if it and she doesn't even care for bacon, Lol. My favorite was the Mushroom and bluecheese flatbread,  OH MY!!! Our bartender was great as well.
2 I am a resident of DTLV and really wanted to love this place. My friends and I ate there last night and this is a recap of the good, the bad, and the angry:  -The bacon jam was great -The brownie dessert and donut bread pudding were fantastic! -The Turkey burger was good but not enough "slaw"  -The cauliflower was far too salty to even stomach -The sliders were dry but are on the right path  -They charged us for a steak that they had informed us they were out of and forgot to take it off the bill. They clearly do NOT know how to work their POS and charged my card 4 times for the same meal and so my $65 meal has now cost me $275, a call to the manager, and fraud reports to my bank. Unacceptable.   All in all we ordered the following:  Wellington Empanada "Devils" Eggs Jerk Turkey Burger Rainbow cauliflower Short Rib Sliders Glazed Donut bread pudding Burboun fudge brownie with brown butter & bacon ice cream  The only way I will return is if I am just getting drinks/dessert and I pay cash.
4 Very capable of 5 stars, and once things are operating a little more smoothly, this will be one of my favorites! Great food & amibience. The Devil's Eggs were incredibly good, as was the wild mushroom flatbread. My Mac & Cheese serving was really tiny, but I couldn't eat more than a few bites after appetizers, even though it was excellent. The one dish we all agreed needs to go was the black rice risotto. They really should paint the roof beams charcoal or silver; they really look like what they are rather than a nice open beam feel.
5 This is a fantastic new place on Carson and sixth next to O face donuts. I have to tell you though we went today at lunch and I think we were exceedingly lucky that we walked in and were able to sit at a table. There was one table that was being saved for somebody with reservations and everything else was literally full it is a tiny little spot. But it is fantastic. We started with the Wellington empanadas which was fantastic.  We then ordered the fried green tomato sandwich with crab and the short rib sliders both came with spicy tater tots. The tater tots were not too spicy you could definitely detect some Paprika and they were quite good. The short rib sliders were quite sweet. The menu does say that they are root beer short rib sliders so take note of that because they are sweet. But the slider was fantastic the sweetness was offset by a crispy onion that was put on the slider. If I had one note it would be to put a little bit more crispy onion to offset that sweetness. The fried green tomato sandwich with crab was the star the tomato is very thickly cut and expertly breaded. The breading has a nice spice to it. Overall it was a fantastic meal it's a little pricey for lunch but I think you have to look at what you get and then you understand the $40 price tag for two people at lunch.  I would love to go back, I hope I get lucky again and get a table!!!
