5 Beautiful decor, beautiful cocktails, great service.  You are going to pay quite a penny for a cocktail but what a great contribution to the cocktail scene on the strip.  Average drink is $16 but when you watch all the steps and care going into each cocktail you see why.    I tried two cocktails, one was called the Tennessee squirrel which was whiskey based and came with a nice cup filled with almonds on top.  The second one was a punch.  Both were very pretty, flavorful and strong.  You aren't going to go sit at this bar and drink all day, but what a way to start a night on the strip!
5 I went to Bound by Salvatore for a late night stop.  All I have to say is that this bar is perfect for me.  Lots of plush seating, friendly bartenders and wait staff, very unique cocktail menu, and it's a really great spot for people watching at The Cromwell.  Since I like to stay up late in Vegas, my favorite part of their cocktail menu is that they have some really good espresso cocktails!  They're perfect for when you've had a long night on the Strip but want to keep it going just a while longer.  The "Never Say Goodnight" --  http://bit.ly/1mn6TUe Red Bull Flavored Espresso, Stole Vanil Vodka, Perond Absinthe, Sugar Syrup and Spices Just by reading the ingredients alone you can tell this is a serious wake-up drink.  This definitely kept my night going and the taste of this cocktail was pretty good!  I will definitely be coming back here again next time I visit Vegas.
5 Loved it! From the decor, to the service, to the yummy cocktails Bound is probably one of my favorite "schmancy" bars in Vegas! Christina was our server and she was so completely awesome! She checked in on us at just the right times, helped us a ton with our drink selection and overall was just pretty great!   Oh and I highly recommend the "Spicy Fifty"! I am sad we didn't get to try any of the espresso cocktails but will definitely have to try them next time.  Also the location of the bar is good for people watching. Haha! Oh how I love watching girls who obviously are not used to walking in heels stomp around like duckies. LOL!!!
4 Grabbing a pre dinner drink before hitting Giada, this place was the first thing we stumbled upon when we arrived at Cromwell. I like the setup, lots of comfortable leather couches and tables and chairs setup, and it was a great people watching spot.  Our server was great, very friendly and accommodating, but the bartender was in need of some serious help. After we ordered, we waited an absurd amount of time for our drinks, and we were the only group bedside a few people at the bar.    I wasn't too impressed with the drink menu, I'm all for hand crafted drinks and mixology, but I feel they used way too many ingredients in their cocktails. For $16 a drink, I better enjoy it.
2 I wanted to like this bar a lot more but I just couldn't. We stopped in here for a quick drink before hitting Gianna's new restaurant. It is beautiful the bar is beautiful the seating with big leather couches is beautiful the menus which look like books are beautiful ( hence the two stars for beauty obviously) but that's about where it ends. My friends ordered several mixed drinks which were about $16 a pop. I ordered a glass of wine along with my other friend who ordered a glass of wine. She got her wine after. About 10 minutes which is ridiculous to wait for a glass of wine that long. I however waited about 20 minutes after the waitress kept telling me that somebody was going upstairs or downstairs I don't remember which to grab the bottle. It was just an American Pinot Noir. I don't know why it took 20 minutes to go upstairs or downstairs to get a glass of wine.  If it were busy maybe I would understand because it didn't look like that many people were working however it wasn't even busy.  I don't think I would bother  with this place.
