5 Very attentive service and the food was excellent. If you would like a quiet dinner in a good setting this is a wonderful choice.  Ask for Rodney he is an excellent waiter.
5 What a lovely location Annie's gourmet Italian now calls home!  I see they are now open for lunch which will double my visits! Loved the artistic effort to tastefully share the roots of the business.  Don't let the new strip mall location fool you into assuming that you will find anything shy of a peaceful and delicious evening! Well informed staff great suggestions helped make our evening at Annie's another to remember!
5 New location provides lots of parking and a large outside area to eat with your pooch. Inside is a craftily hidden bar area with 3 TVs where one can celebate without disturbing patrons in the restaurant proper, which is very tastefully furbished.  My meal started with fresh rolls to be dipped in oil & vinegar + chopped olives and garlic. Main course was chicken piccata with angel hair pasta = superb. The 2 chicken breasts were large, freshly purchased and so tender I cut them solely with my fork. For dessert I had spumoni ice cream in a graham cracker bowl, topped with whipped cream and drizzles of chocolate and raspberry. A cup of coffee with Amoretto liqueur finished the meal.  The server Linda was very friendly and attentive. In summation, I rate Annie's at its new location with straight A's for location, ambiance, quality of food, service and price.
5 Annie is the sweetest lady! This reminds me of the Italian Family Restaurant I used to go to as a kid except now I can enjoy a nice glass of wine! Attentive good service, contemporary comfortable dining room,  and delicious food!   This new restaurant is B E A U T I F U L  and I love that I can bring my kids AND my fur babies out for a delicious lunch or dinner.   **There is an opening in the wall that opens to reveal  Annie's Lost Weekend Bar and it is a fully stocked beautiful bar and has flat screens all over the room. Perfect comfortable spot for before or after dinner drink ;)  I definitely can't wait to try more on the menu!
5 I went into Annie's the other day and had a spectacular time. We started off with the maple and walnut Brie that was to die for. I then had the chicken parm, with a side of rigatoni. My boyfriend had the chicken Marsala, both cooked perfectly. Our waiter Mitchel was polite and attentive to our every need. The new ambiance of the restaurant with the hidden bar and family pictures are beautiful. This is a must try for the city of Henderson, and we will be back again and again.
2 Really wanted them to do better in the new location. The built out of the restaurant is done quite well so we were looking forward to a nice dinner. The best thing to hit the table that night was unfortunately the bread. We ordered Spaghetti & Meatballs (bland).....Chicken Parm (driest Chicken ever and why do they put Ricotta on the Parm).....the other two dishes were so flavorless that I already forgot what they were....honestly the other hospitals provide better food. You can tell they spent a lot of money to create a nice atmosphere if they had a cook to match this place could be very succesful despite the prices.
1 The $7 plate splitting fee is offensive, and the reason we won't come back. Our check was still $40, which is fine. But I guess the $7 is important to someone. I told the manager, and she just said, "I'll tell the owner."   Too bad, we live right there and we're excited to have a high end dining option within walking distance.  I told everyone who would listen to avoid this restaurant as well. This is horrible customer service and we'll just drive to any of the other 20 Italian restaurants in Green Valley.
2 It was my first time trying Annie's.  I didn't dine with them before they moved locations so I wanted to give it a try.    We decided to just try some appetizers for our first visit.  We chose the blackberry walnut Brie to start.  It was ok.  The Brie was almost too thick and didn't melt well enough.  The maple glaze that was drizzled over the top was too much.  It really took away from the Brie.  It would have tasted better without it.   The trio sampler included calamari, fried mozzarella, and ricotta filled ravioli.  I really think everything on this plate came from a frozen box, heated and put on a plate.  I wouldn't recommend it.    I will say Aaron our waiter was great.  He was very attentive and courteous.  Drinks were kept filled while smiling the entire time. Even though he was great, I wouldn't recommend this place. Bummer.
4 love the new location, the hidden bar and dog friendly spots. Food is the same good stuff with huge portions. only bad part was entrée slightly over cooked. meat and pasta burned on edges.
1 We tried this Annie's at its previous location and did not have a good experience.   My food was served cold while my friend's meal was warm.   And, it wasn't that great.   Since it moved to its new location we thought we would give it another try.   The atmosphere was really nice, especially the bar where we went to experience its Happy Hour.    We ordered the stuffed mushrooms and meatball scampi duet.  The stuffed mushrooms seemed like they may have been frozen and just microwaved plus they didn't have much flavor.   The meatballs had way too much garlic.   My friend who is Italian could not eat either one after her first taste.   I asked for some marinara sauce to make it more palatable.   While there were two meatballs and two stuffed mushrooms, I could not finish them because they were not very good.   The bread served with them was the best part of the experience.    We were so disappointed because we live within walking distance and thought this would be such a great addition to our neighborhood and fun place to share with friends.    The people sitting next to us had the same experience and same complaints.    I just don't understand it.   They are really missing out on lots of potential new customers.     I hope the owner reads the reviews and can improve the food because this would be such a lovely place to come for a meal.
4 Absolutely WONDERFUL!  Service was good, very friendly and patient with my young nephew!  Food was amazing!  Very fresh and flavorful. It was a bit more expensive than the Italian chain restaurants but worth it, not to mention, let's support our local small businesses!  Can't wait for the weather to cool off to enjoy dinner on their patio!!
