4 First time at any Firehouse Subs. They steam the meat to keep it super fresh and moist. Very good job and we'll be coming back.
2 Went in to Firehouse subs today for lunch 6/3/14 and did not have a great experience.    There was a female manager running around scolding employees telling them where to stand and where not too.  She verbally reprimanded a person on the line for making a sandwich incorrectly (all within my earshot).  While she should have been worried about why it is taking 10-15 minutes for me to get my 1 sub.    Now onto the sub.. I got an italian sandwich, which had some kind of sweet sauce on it.  I cannot fathom why there would be a sweet sauce (think sweet mayo) on a italian sandwich.  Overall, really disappointed, will not be back.
3 The only reason this place got three stars is because the food is amazing, BUT the service is terrible. The people they have working there have absolutely zero social skills and a severe listening problem. I'm ordering a sandwich, I don't need to give you a personal history and take a freaking survey to order my food. Listen to what I tell you I want and give me what I ask for. It's not a Wolfgang Puck 5 star restaurant.  I don't need you to go into the services you provide. I want a sandwich.
3 We came here for dinner tonight and enjoyed the "Firehouse" experience.    It's kind of hard to describe or appreciate the exuberance of the employees as you come in and hear, all of them say in unison: "WELCOME TO FIREHOUSE SUBS!!!"  LOL  It's overwhelming, but a nice touch and all the employees are extra friendly. As for the food, it's very good and makes you want to come back for more.   We had the medium Meatball for $5.99 and the large Italian for $8.19. We made the Italian a Combo for $2.49 more. Though admittedly, $18.00 might be pricey for two, but we enjoyed ourselves and the bread IS very tasty.   One note before ordering, read carefully what condiments they put on their subs. They tend to add Mayo, Mustard, or both, to sandwiches you wouldn't expect. Pastrami & Corn Beef, or the Italian for example. LOL  So Three Stars "A-Okay" and yes, we 'll be back.
3 A three star rating per Yelp means A-OK. I think that fits for this restaurant. I think all of the employees are polite AND helpful. They are always willing to help out the newbies coming into the shop. The sandwiches are okay, but nothing which will blow you away. The only exception would be the Beef and Cheddar, which is really good. I dig the two soda machines that they have so you're never waiting to fill up. They have those new machines where you use the touchscreens to pick your drink.  One source of aggravation for me as a customer is that businesses are always asking the customer to donate something. In this case, they ask the customer if they want to round up their purchases. I really just want to buy lunch and move on. Let me decide how I want to spend my Charity budget on my own terms.
3 Came here for lunch with a friend this week. Twas alright. It actually looked really cool inside, and you could tell it originated in the Midwest. There was a firehouse theme, naturally. The tables were polka dotted like dogs. Maybe there were too many chairs and tables though. I had the chopped salad and it was good. I really want to try the cranberry turkey sandwich next time. A lot of their subs are toasted. They post a lot of nutritional info which I appreciate.
