4 I freaking lurve the $5 pizza. Its a gooey, floppy mess of cheese and grease, in the best way possible. You cannot beat the pizza or the price. Sandwiches are just meh. They're good but man are they small. Once again, only $5 so you can't really complain cause its some good cheap eats, the problem is I've gotten them several times now and I swear each time, my sandwich has been progressively smaller.
2 Stopped by this place for lunch because it is close to the office.  First time last time.  Food is tasteless.  I don't think the developer of the menu has even been to 'philly" yet they supposedly sell Philly sandwiches.  Not even close.   Skip it. They won't be around long unless they change the products they use to make their food.  As I said. ... tasteless.
4 I can't speak on the cheesesteaks that others seem to not like as I haven't had them and I frankly am just not an expert on cheesesteaks.  However, I know good pizza and their pizza is a pretty good NY style, thin but not crunchy pizza.  Their salads are hearty and fresh, their fries are decent, and their turkey sub was delicious.  And I'm pretty sold on a fresh $5 large cheese pizza that I can actually have delivered and not have to go and pick up.  Someone else said they are small but they are a 14" pizza which is the same size large as most pizza places.  It's a thin pizza, like NY style, so perhaps that is his complaint.  If you like a thick doughy crust then you might be disappointed, but this style of pizza is my favorite.  It's better than any of the major chains and most of the locally owned places, too.  I normally order from GrubHub so I can't really comment on the service, but the driver's have always been polite, I have no complaints there.  I'm a little confused by a review by someone who dined in and didn't receive good service because no one came to check on them.  It's not really a "dine in for the experience" place, so I frankly find it bizarre that someone would expect any kind of table service in what is generally a take out place, and then leave a 2 star review over it.  I'm not a fan of their wings or their cheese sauce (which I like to have for fries), but every place has a few misses, and chances are someone else will love what I don't.  I hope others who feel the same way will start leaving reviews as well.  I feel like the ones left so far are bizarre reviews based on some irrelevant things and doesn't represent this place at all.
1 First of all, who "runs out of ranch" when 2 of their main items has ranch on them. So no one can order a chicken bacon ranch sandwich or pizza? Cool guys! Do you even know where you are located...people LOVE ranch here! Stock up or your never going to last. Second, the pizzas are not that great. You get over charged for a thin pizza with hardly any toppings on it. You can tell they aren't fresh toppings. I'm wondering how this place even still has business with the crap they serve.  You will have better pizza with pizza hut...and more of it! Don't waste your money!
