5 Great service and excellent food! You have to try the Pork Tonkatsu... Masarap!!! They have a wide variety of traditional Filipino foods. We will definitely be back!
5 I just ate here today and let me tell u.. It's really good we got the sizzling sisig and it had an egg on it.. I've never had it with an egg before but I like it.. We also got Pancit Canton Bihon I loved it.. Also the Tonkankatsu out some shit was fried just right
5 The pork barbeque is delicious..the chicharon bulaklak is sooo good & crispy,,Also, great service,,it's a good place to eat with family or friends,,,,
3 I'm giving three stars for my over all experience.   * Food The food was superb! We ordered fresh lumpia, bicol express, and crispy pata. Their bicol express and crispy pata caught our attention because of the flavor, texture, diversity of the food.   * Venue The place is "okay". Typical filipino restaurant.   * Atmosphere There's a feel of fiesta because of the band playing that night.   * Service Good customer service. Our server was very friendly and very polite.   I'm just giving three stars because I wasn't too happy with the band. It was too loud for them to have a band playing those kind of songs in a small area, so all of us need to yell just to hear out one another. For me acoustic music is more appropriate for the restaurant because of the size of the place.
4 Pros: Tasty food, friendly and receptive service, brand new place! Cons: Parking is a bit funky since they are at the end of the building  I recommend: Pancit bihon, binagoongan (bagoong) fried rice, beef bulalo (soft beef soup), melon juice  I've just moved to Las Vegas so I'm on the hunt for Filipino food after leaving my favorite place in San Diego behind. I chose this place because they have a website with their menu online! I'm hoping that they will add pictures to every menu item on their website so that my mom and I can let our stomachs and eyes order for us :). We called in our order and drove about 20 minutes to the restaurant. We showed up the day before their Grand Opening so we missed the restaurant when we drove down the road (they have a nice bright sign now though, so you can't miss it)! We were promptly greeted and our food was brought out right away.   My mom loves to talk so we enjoyed a fun conversation with everyone. They got us to try the melon juice and halo halo and I'm glad they did. The melon juice is like a shredded melon boba :). They add shaved ice to melon juice with shredded melon at the bottom. Super yummy- especially on a hot day. My mom and I couldn't agree on the halo halo though. I like simple halo halo while my mom loves "loaded" halo halo with tons of stuff (like the cup is full of beans and jellies and fruit) and D'Pinoy's halo halo is definitely more simple (maybe about a quarter full). I loved it but I'm sure my mom will ask for more fixings in hers next time. The Philippines might seem like a small country but there are many regional differences. Some people just prefer things a certain way because of the region they grew up in.   We ordered several things including lumpiang shanghai, fried bangus (milkfish), beef kaldereta, chicken curry, pancit bihon, binagoongan fried rice, and beef bulalo. I loved their pancit but my mom didn't care for the tofu in it so I took it all :). The chicken curry has bones but the chicken is very soft and will fall right off it. The beef in the beef bulalo is super soft and absolutely delicious. The binagoongan rice wasn't what I was expecting (it has mangoes and tomatoes on the side- never seen that before) but it was absolutely delicious. Very unique and very tasty! Everything was very good, very soft, and cooked very well.   Unfortunately, we were missing one thing in our order and didn't notice until we got home (oops)! The place isn't that close to us so my mom called back and told them what happened. They were very apologetic and promised to make it right when we return. And we WILL return! I want to try the pork tonkatsu, dinuguan, sinigaang, and the sizzling bistek! This might be my new go-to place in Las Vegas for the food of my people!
