5 So happy Cowabunga Bay is finally open!! We been waiting for this day for over a year.  Looks like there going to be adding a lot more rides in the future but for now I am very pleased that my kids will have something to do over the summer.   Don't forget to try the Dole Whip it is so delicious!!!
1 There was no lines when I showed up which was a great thing.  Had to go back to buy a locker because was not asked . 4 stars.  There is no signs to lead to the bathrooms and the lockers 3 stars  was there for about 1 hour and 3 rides was closed down. 2 stars.  There is not enough tubes for each ride. 1 star  I watched and  employee kick a tube rider multiple times to get them down a tube ride. I called her out on it she said sorry . But why say sorry for you knew that is not how you send someone down a ride. 0 stars. ( if i could )  management team could use a lot of work on how to run a park.
4 This place is awesome! I realize they JUST opened yesterday, but they have some kinks to workout. It's a little annoying that ALL the employees are 16. ALL of them. I was a little frustrated in the kids cove. On the website it says you can go down those slides with your little one. One lifeguard let me, but another said it wasn't allowed.   They also weren't consistent on where you can enter the "lazy river". There is a part that's not made well that you have to walk over this big bridge to get in, but there isn't a side entrance. Luckily the sun wasn't out so my sons feet didn't get burnt walking ALL the way around to the "entrance" they want you to use.   Overall we had a wonderful time and it was so nice that it wasn't super packed. They need to hire some older lifeguards and make their employe training more consistent.
4 Took the whole family here today! Just a few things...  Employees need to engage- I was trying to talk to two of them (they made eye contact) and kept walking.  Wish condiments weren't left in the sun all day.... The ranch tasted funky by 5:30ish.  Churros seemed old and stale.  Parking folks were super nice!  Front ticketing agents were fantastic as were those checking the bags.  I will return soon, but probably not until the other ride is finished with construction.
5 The wave pool was awesome. I would come just for that. T was so much fun. I went on the second day they were open and I can honestly say they have a lot of kinks to work out but overall I still had a blast.
2 It's got a ways to go. I debated a season pass the good part is they let you try the park out and if you have your receipt you can pay the difference for a season pass. I had $100 worth of cowabunga cash i wanted to use for admission, for some reason they kept ringing up invalid so the cashier had to get her boss who had to get his boss in which we waited a good 15 minutes for someone to fix the situation. I will have to come back to give a proper review but as of today a part of the park isn't open and 2 slides are not up. The green slide is down because its "too fast". Employees were friendly and a few asked "did we enjoy the park?" Which means they really care, however one cashier had no idea how to work the cash register and I ordered nachos which came with the tiniest cup of cheese and if I wanted more it was .75 cents it wasn't even enough for half the chips. Also, there were three icee machines and only one was working (watermelon/piña colada) and none of the soda machines were operational. I think next year I will buy a pass but not this year.
4 I was fun.  Yes brand new place so it was very clean.  They have food stand, selling pizza, hot dog, nacho and etc etc.  their food are OK taste not bad. They don't serve alcohol yet though...  I love having cold beer under the sun.
5 I took my granddaughter and her BFF and we got season passes. The girls love it!! The staff is awesome and the water feels so good!! A great place for kids of all ages as they have a small kids area as well as the big slides, wave pool and Cowabunga River. A great way to cool off in the desert heat!!!
5 What a beautiful, fun and vibrant water park!  We had a total blast! We have a 1 year old and 6 year old.  Omg I even had so much fun in the kids area going down the slide with my son and having splash fights :) Our daughter was in love with the kids area!  I'm very impressed with the how colorful and cute the park is!  Very family friendly and warm! The food was great.  We had a chicken Cesar wrap and chicken fingers and fries. My son had a shake which was yummy too! The yellow ride was so fun! The Cowabunga River was great and relaxing!  My son loved the wave pool!  What a great first day using our season passes!  Will be back next week!
5 Cowabunga Bay Las Vegas is an incredible addition to the Las Vegas valley! The slides and attractions are great and the staff is top notch. I'm amazed at how friendly the staff is! Excellent food and a great family atmosphere. Everyone loves the wave pool and it is one of the best ones I've ever been in. An added bonus is the park serves Pineapple Dole Whip! Visit this amazing attraction and you will not be disappointed! I wish the park many years of success!
3 My 2 year old had fun at the kiddy pool. The 100 degree pee filled kiddy pool. Need more activities. The wave pool was a+, great for all ages. The lazy river was OK. Needs more sprayers. Park needs misters.  I didn't do any big boy slides so I can't rate those. I hope the park makes it, but it has desert highway ghost town park written all over it.  It was 115 when we went and it made a really hot day a lot of fun.
5 Fun for all ages. I have been to several water parks this water park was much needed in Henderson and suits its purpose to beat the heat that Nevada reaches during summer months.    Pro's  - Thank you, thank you, thank you for having warm water not freezing cold so my family can enjoy themselves this being said I hope other water parks read this.  - Employees are not all teenagers its a good mix of adult and teens  - Parents can go down the kiddie slides with their kids as long as you don't exceed weight requirements this being a reasonable requirement for kid size slides.  - Lots of life guards the wave pool alone I saw 8 paying attention and being on look out.  - Managers I saw at least 5 walking around park checking on things look for the red shirts.  - Good food get a whole pizza for just under $20  or choice of food combos such as burger and fries, hot dog and fries, chicken finger's etc... Snacks dipping dots were the best, pretzels, cinnamon sticks etc..  - Drinks you can bring in water they check bags so no other drinks or food. They serve all sorts of beverages including beer be prepared to show id and wait for a manager for any alcohol a plus but a hassle to wait.  - You can bring in your own shade structure within size reason.   - Lots of chairs but get their early to find a shaded spot they have lots of shade areas but they go fast this is ongoing with all water parks that I have been to.  -  Fun colorful atmosphere the props are diverse some are vintage others look like Disney props a nice mixture for adults and kids to enjoy.  Con's - Signs need to be added as to how to get to certain slides and lazy river/ wave pool  - Misters so your feet don't get too hot ( I suggest  flip flops when walking around )  - Zooma ride way to long of a wait between riders speed it up.  - Weight limit on pink slide bummer my husband could not ride it but glad to here a new slide is going in that seats more that 2. Loved the blue and yellow double tube slides the line went fast and shaded.  - I saw only one girl dancing looking like she loved her job she was standing in the lazy river where it turns into a waiting pool other staff talked but only if provoked would love to see more interaction from staff.    - Turn up the music you can barely hear it. Get people in the surfing mood.  - The double tube slides 4 people watching 4 slides when green slide was not operating yet. 1 person getting tubes and assisting customers that they get a raft only area I see that staff could be better do three in water and 2 helping get and pass out tubes could help move line faster.   Overall loved it will be back cant wait for the rest of it to be built.
4 As a theme park and water park fan,  I actually drove 4 hours from Los Angeles to check out the new Cowbunga Bay water park. which is located about 10 miles east of  the Vegas strip.  I was a tad disappointed to learn before arriving that they are still in the process of constructing 2 or 3 water slides. I thought they have the whole last year and this year to complete the park. Oh well.  Since the park is still missing 3 main attractions, they decided to lower the price by $6 for adult.   Anyway, we went on a Thursday, a week after it opened. Parking was $5. I was expecting huge crowd like at Wet n Wild, but to my surprise it was no where as crowded as I had thought. Almost all the slides were a walk-on during the early morning into mid-afternoon hours. I overheard one of the lifeguards told the another guest that this was one of the slowest day since it opened a week ago. It may be due to the fact that it was cloudy and looked like it was going to rain.  The longest we waited for a slide was on Zuma ZOOMa. I would have to say this ride is the only extreme water slide in the park. It has a trap door underneath you, that will drop you in 5 seconds once you step in and they close the glass door. It was very thrilling.   Here's a point of view video I shot of this Zuma ZOOMA trap door body slide:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMDqgckVUoo  Food is a bit pricey since it's an amusement park. What do you expect? they need to make money somehow since most of the guests are season pass holder, they pay once and get to come back as often as they want. So in order to stay in business, they need to boost up their prices on food.  Overall, I really enjoyed this park! It's so vivid and colorful. I can't wait to come back next summer when everything is completed and they have planted more trees and shrubs.    I don't know why, but I love Cowabunga Bay more than Wet N Wild Las Vegas.   By the way, here's a video showing a FULL Complete Tour of Cowabunga Bay Las Vegas for those who wants to see how it looks like before going  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmOs8Sc5tm0
4 We purchased season passes for our family since we live right down the street.  I think the park is great and very excited to have it so close.  I realize the park is not finished but just have some minor complaints.  1st- the pebbles that are used for landscaping really hurt when you step on them, maybe you could put a lil fence around so people walk on the pathway instead of through the landscaping. 2nd- There needs to be more shade while waiting to ride the tube slides at the bottom.  The shade only seems to work when the sun is directly above, other than that you are frying in the sun.  3rd- Be carful for the concrete around the top of the lazy river it is very rough and roughed my husbands arm up a bit, nothing bad. 4th- Please sell the Dole whip in a smaller size, not just large.  We LOVE Dole whip and are so excited we don't have to drive to boulder city anymore, but a large is way to much. Other than that thank you for coming to Henderson.  We will continue to support you and look forward to more slides and attractions.
