5 So many great flavors. Open early and nice and clean inside. Great prices also. Not too overly sweet. Had the cronut, crunch bar, sweet potato one and they were all delicious. I can't wait to try them all.
5 Absolutely thrilled with the massive selection first thing in the morning. Donuts are a breakfast food, right? The closer to 6am you get there the better the selection. I love the friendly faces when I walk in and even the coffee variety is nice. Just sit with my donut and coffee in their adorable lobby. Love it! Everything is baked early every single day and I love the big window that let's you see them working in the kitchen. All in all this is a one-of-a-kind shop. The flavors and quality are unlike any other shop I've been in. Again, gotta get there early! To give a negative review because you didn't like the hours doesn't make sense. Should be judged on the delicious product! Keep up the good work Pink Box people! I look forward to all you have to come! PS: Best 2 things to ever happen to my belly are the Peanut Butter Cheesecake and Cookies & Cream. Holy moly!  The classics are of course delicious as well. I have nothing bad to say. I'll be back very soon!
3 This was deleted the first time I posted it due to it not falling within Yelp guidelines, I am reposting it to comply with them.  It states that I lack an experience at this location, my experience is clearly stated as the location was not open.  ex·pe·ri·enceikspi()rēns/noun1.practical contact with and observation of facts or events."he had already learned his lesson by painful experience"synonyms:involvement in, participation in,contact with, acquaintance with,exposure to, observation of,awareness of, insight into Moreverb1.encounter or undergo (an event or occurrence)."the company is experiencing difficulties"  I had practical observation of facts and events, the location was closed!   I did also re visit the location and purchased doughnuts at a later time.  They were out of many of the doughnuts, and I felt the entire experience lacked customer service.   Let's start from the beginning: first time I went to pink box was at the location on Lake Mead, and they were out of almost all the doughnuts. I thought I would give them another try and try the location in town square, and they were completely sold out of doughnuts at about 7pm. I try it for the third time, I go back to the location on Lake Mead, and they actually have doughnuts in stock. The doughnuts were the best that Las Vegas has to offer, but not as good as Portland, California, or Seattle. I then find out they have a new location in Henderson, NV, I am now excited because I live in Henderson. I go there at 7pm on a Tuesday. They are closed, the sign says June hours 6-3:30ish, first off it is July, second I thought we lived in a 24 hour town. As I am standing there three other people pull up and ask if they are open, I respond with a NO. I emailed them regarding the other two problems I had months ago and received no email or call back. This is poor customer service. The fact that a doughnut shop isn't open till at least 9 is ridiculous. Krispy Kreme, Winchells, and others are open late. Pinkbox owners if you read this please take note, social media, and word of mouth will destroy your business much more than anything else. Good luck in the future as you will need it.
4 I tried the Nutty Pig and thought it was great! The doughnut itself was delicious as it should be since it's the base. I will definitely be back for more!
