5 I can finally say I have found the difference between poor, mediocre and great Mexican food.  Mercadito is by far the best Mexican I've had. The balance of spice, sweet and sour on all dishes were hands down phenomenal.
2 We waited a 1/2 hour;  there were empty tables, I guess reserved.  The service was great when we got the waiter, Xavier.  Food was good when the Chef got it right .  Dishes are small, they recommend appetizers.  If u are hungry do not go here.  Nice ambiance.
5 Viva Mercadito!  Great happy hour! great food and my favorite server Lainie! The margaritas were delicious.  Traditional margarita was a perfect blend. We had guacamole which was served with your choice of salsa. We chose the tomatillilo.  It was fresh and delicious.  We sampled some of the Happy Hour tacos.  The carnitas was sweet smokey heaven!  The swordfish was charred blackened and just the right amount of fish.  The deep fried Mahi was so fresh.   The patio is beautiful and faces Red Rock.   I can't wait to come back for dinner!
5 I've been anxiously waiting for Mercadito to open and it finally has!!   Mercadito has some great offerings! From their multitude of draft and frozen cocktails to their tacos that are oh so original.   They are currently only open for dinner but will be opening for lunch on the 7th of July and on July 21st for Brunch. They will serve brunch from 11:30am-3:00pm, Lunch hours will be 11:30am-4:00pm. Dinner starting at 4pm everyday.   I sampled the pina and toreado guacamoles and both were fresh and fabulous! The toreado has a curry type flavor which an article by Seven recently stated it was Maggi. Yum! Definitely the umami taste they are hoping you will have.   I also had a Carnitas de Puerco taco which is braised pork belly, seared til crispy on the outside and a fresh and crispy slaw. The sauce on this was so yummy!  As well as the Pollo taco...chicken, corn and avacado. What more can you ask for on a taco. NO hot sauce required. The flavors are definitely unique.   On to the best part....cocktails!!! (We did not have beer but they have the usual suspects) The have the new fad of draft cocktails, we had the Cheeky Cheeky Boom Boom, sure to make you cheeky  with vodka and elderflower liqueur. Oh man! Just so good! We also had The Turista, tequila, grapefruit, cherries. The ingredients say there is Black Pepper Syrup and BBQ Bitters in this drink and I would not have ordered it thinking they would be too overwhelming....they were not and I didn't know that until I reviewed the menu. It was a great drink, the grapefruit wasn't too sour, nice light taste. The cherries in this drink really make it a treat. We had samplings of so many other cocktails, they were all good.  But my least favorite was the Pepino el Pyu, a frozen cocktail made with cucumber. It was strong! But that wasn't the down fall the down fall, for me, was the cucumber but that's a personal preferance. The salt rimmings on the glasses are all awesome too! Very creative flavors.   The staff was super nice and friendly, very outgoing, The crowd enjoyed everything and I think most of us will be new regulars.   Welcome to the neighborhood!
3 Good food. Cool atmosphere. Prices are high!! If you work in the hospitality industry go Tuesdays! 50% off or try their happy hour.
5 Amazing combination of flavors!  I love the ambiance of this venue - modern chic!  They also blew out the back wall and created an open floor plan leading to an outdoor patio! It totally brightens up the place. The bar leads from the inside and continues outside. We sat at the outside bar area and even though it's HOT out, it was actually nice so we decided to continue dinner there as well.  Try the following and you won't be disappointed (Mind you I didn't order any shellfish because of the boyfriend's allergy, so the list is small today):  V-9 Cocktail - This is now on my top five cocktails I've ever had! Toreado Guacamole - My favorite (I think it might even be better than mine!) Tocino Guacamole (Bacon & Corn) - My 2nd favorite Carne and Pancita tacos are equally delicious. We couldn't decide which were better!  The Pancita tacos had pork belly sprinkled with CHICHARRON!  When I go back next time, I will definitely try the short ribs and every single shellfish dish. So sit tight for an update!
1 We went with a couple of families. There was 13 of us and the bill came to $340 and it was family - style.  I got 3 small tacos,  mac ' n cheese, a tiny quesadilla that the kids wouldn't touch.  Go to Rubio's.  Go somewhere else.  This place is a huge rip-off.  I am still flabbergasted at the gall of this place to have the prices they have for the severing sizes that they provide.
4 Had early dinner on 7.3.14.  The place was surprisingly busy but was very well staffed. Got seated right away inside at a small table for the 2 of us. Service was really good. Got waters poured, server greeted us quickly and gave us the rundown of the restaurant. Ordered a couple draft beers and they were ice cold! :) The food is meant to be shared. I feel it is Tapas style with Mexican flare. Traditional style guacamole was excellent. Ordered a trio of salsas and they were very good as well. For the main course we had swordfish and ongo veggie tacos. You get 4 small street tacos per order. They were both extremely good and definitely different than a traditional style Mexican restaurant. A little pricey but the food atmosphere and service were all excellent. Also they did have happy hours prices and deals but you had to sit in the bar area.  The only negative was the tables were small and we sat very close to others. One side was a bench seat and the other a chair. We literally had conversations with both tables around us because it was like  we were all eating together. :(
5 This is MY FIRST time enjoying This new restaurant!! The drinks are fantastic And The food has so much FLAVOR!   I would recomend to try The tacos FIRST! I need to come BACK AGAIN to try moré plates.
1 Was very disappointed with the service. We got sat at as first come first serve.  Sat at a 2 top table when there was clearly room for us (3). Then got kicked out cuz manager said we could not have 3 in area. Serious.....come on. Trying to support. But we can't when people act this way...
4 Food was great! Bigger tapas portions than firefly. Only things we didn't like we're the tortilla chips, they were too salty and the water tasted like tap water. Our server was very knowledgable, but not very friendly
2 Pretty disappointed in our experience here. Service was awful, server was unprepared and shouldn't have been on the floor in my opinion. Food was okay but desperately under seasoned (bring your own salt and pepper shakers). Best things we had were the plantains and the small mixed salad. Note to restaurant: I'm sure it's your spiel, but please remind staff it's not a good idea to offer "shots" to a guest who is 8 months pregnant.
5 Best Mexican in summerlin and possible in Vegas. Service, cocktails, food, atmosphere all top notch. Will be back next week. Happy hour great prices!
2 Ok... So if things come out one at a time...with the intention of sharing... Then let us know... 1 plate of tacos... 3 minutes... 2nd... 15 minutes....    then the price...Lets talk for a moment about value...     Tacos...   nothing else just tacos...salsa extra....chips extra.....    2 doors down at yard house 40% less costly for more and better food.   sat us in a table the size of elementary project table.... Not a fan.     Seriously with Yard House right next door and the price and value....    Maybe they just opened and this experience was a flook, but it would take some convincing to go back.    Dissapoining
5 A fabulous experience at Mercadito.  The food was wonderful and the atmosphere was top notch. Yes, the tables may be a bit small and close together but if you have ever dined in any major city (i.e. New York, Chicago), then they actually seem large.  The cocktails were great as were the wide variety of mezcals to try. My favorites were definitely the maui mahi tacos and steak nachos. The serving sizes are fair and I definitely left feeling full.  I also recommend the grapefruit beer on tap for the summer.
2 Went there for lunch with my young daughter. Very disappointed! Small portions, large prices. Everything is ala carte including chips and salsa. There is no kids menu not any items on regular menu that are kid friendly, so don't take your kids. I ordered the shrimp tacos which came in a thick, spicy stew like sauce. They were horrible so I sent back and got carne asada tacos instead, which were fine but nothing special.   Pretty sure that the positive reviews are coming from employees or someone with a vested interest in the restaurants survival so take those reviews with caution.   If you're familiar with Red Rock then you know they've been undergoing a lot of changes recently in terms of restaurants and overall service most of them not for the better. This restaurant is no exception, which is too bad since RR in desperate need of a new hot restaurant. Cabo Wabo was better than this place.
4 Wow, they opened with a huge buzz and it has gotten bigger! Buuzzzzzz........ First, it's mucho exciting to have a Mexican joint at Red Rock! And one with a patio, to boot. Agave and Dos Caminos, who both were located across the street recently, have been put to shame by Mercadito!  Their signature fish tacos were very tasty, and the trio of guac and salsa made a great accompaniment! Tried the bacon guac, which is so good!  Tacos are served 4 per order, and they encourage family style dining, but I'm not a fan of that. At happy hour, you can try 2 tacos for $5.50 or so and also partake in drink specials too!!!!!! The carne asada tacos were very good too, and we also had the Mexican corn appetizer, which I really enjoyed and used as a taco topper. You heard it here first.  The lobster tostada was good, but the lobster flavor was a little lost in the seasoning. It's served cold, and a great treat on a hot evening!  Now, drinks..........really impressed with the Guave margarita!!! Was one of the best margs ever! Fresh, flavorful and I got mine with the spicy salt garnish that elevates the presentation exponentially!  We had the coconut and the chocolate flan for dessert, and that was a great ending to one of the best Mexican meals I've had in Vegas! Ole.
3 Mercadito is a fence sitter  Located inside Red Rock Casino, just about 50 yards from Yard house. Mercadito is a Mexican themed tapas restaurant that has come to Las Vegas from New York and Chicago.   This is a fence sitter review, why you ask? Well when restaurants open there bounds to be a few hiccups along the way. When we walked in we were sat to a table promptly. Unfortunately the table we sat at was really made for people from the Hobbit. The layout of the business is quite nice and has an array of seating options, but to seat 2 guys who well over 6 foot at kiddie tables was a little strange. We were told though that the small tables will be changed in a few days.  As for the menu, it has nice range of items to choose from. We went for the Guac and chips, Carne tacos and Pastor Tacos. All were pretty dam amazing! Absolutely something I can recommend. A few kinks here and there but for sure a place well worth visiting. I will also say for Mexican food it is a little pricey but kinda worth it.  Overall  Food: 4-5 Drink: 4-5 Service: 3-5 Coming back: yes
1 After suffering the mediocrity of Agave, the terse life of Dos Caminos, and the overly authentic Toros, I was super excited to dine here.  Unfortunately I won't get the chance Due to a 'private event' booking the whole restaurant on a Tuesday after work. Nothing like spending millions on renovations and not letting locals access it.   Thanks Mercadito, we're off to a great start.
2 Went here for lunch with high hopes. Happy to report the management, service and kitchen staff were models of efficiency and quite personable...however, the food was just plain disappointing. I don't mind paying more for high quality food with bold flavor, but what we were served was an epic fail.  Ordered guacamole as an appetizer...it was bland and chopped way too chunky. Chips were fine. We shared Carne tacos and a Polo torte...both were utterly unremarkable. I don't understand what all the hype is about (or what justifies four bucks for a soda with your lunch). Zero desire to return.
2 Expensive and generic.  After ordering our server informed us "since this is family style dining, each item will come out when its ready."   Looking around the room, I saw a lot of awkward tables where one person would have a plate of food, and the other people at the table had nothing.  It was also quite amusing to see a plate of four tacos placed on a table of 5 clearly hungry adults.  Their next dish came about 5 minutes later.  Focus seems to be on these taco plates which are $14.50 and comes with 4 tacos (all of the same type), which we were told were "perfect for sharing".   11 different kinds of tacos on the menu, but when ordering the plate, you're restricted to order 4 of the same.   The food was very pedestrian, but what do you expect from a Mexican joint with locations only in Chicago and New York?  Manager gave us a "service industry card" to come back and try them again for 50% off on service industry night.  Might give it a second shot if we are around during that time, but will not make a special trip.
5 Obsessed with this place. The bacon guac is amazing. The trio of corn pico de gallo is sooo delicious! Pork belly tacos are out of this world. The mushroom tacos weren't my favorite. They offer bibb lettuce instead of tortillas for the tacos, which is great for the health conscious! Drinks are fab! Had the pineapple cilantro marg, and the passion fruit with heat. Best part:: if you work in the industry and go after 10 pm, everything is 50% off!!!!
4 I was pleasantly surprised, the food is really good! I had the Pastor tacos and they were excellent....lots of flavor with a citrus salsa, yum!  My husband has the Carne Asada Large Plate and it was also fantastic!  We started off with the queso...which is very good, but the size is laughable for the price. (The "skillet" could fit just one egg and that is what they serve the queso in.  It is basically a portion for one person, stretched to share for two people, but $10 is a bit high for that tad bit of cheese.)  They state in the beginning of dinner that everything is sharable so you assume large portions.  This is NOT the case. Unless you have a very small appetite, there is not much sharing that we were able to do.  The prices are definitely on the high side for the portion size, but the flavors were worth it as everything tasted good.  The only "negatives" which are more annoying than negative, are:  1) It can get quite loud as the bar noise takes over the dining room and 2) I realize they were trying to maximize the small space, but the little two-seater tables are quite small so you really hope to have good "neighbors" as your fellow diners.  I wish the seating area was different but definitely worth the try to this restaurant.  The food will be worth it! Make a reservation or you will be waiting a long time!
4 I read some bad reviews before going here so I was a little nervous,  but I really wanted to try this place so I went anyways... and I'm really glad I did because I loved it! I will definitely be going back! The food and drinks we tried were amazing and very decently priced! About $9 for a margarita,  $14 for a plate of 4 street tacos, $5.50 for a large side of fried plantains,  and about $9 for chips and guacamole (that one was a little pricey!).  My friend and I split every thing and ended the evening at about $30 each... really not bad for a nice dinner out in Vegas!    The only thing I didn't like is that the consider themselves to be family style dining so they bring each dish out as its ready instead of bringing everything together. .. so my tacos came out 5 minutes after my friends.   I highly recommend the mango Chipotle guacamole... it's got a unique sweet and smokey flavor that I loved. and the Pastor tacos... roasted pork with grilled pineapple,  yum!   Since they are very new i also highly recommend you make a reservation!  I did and we were seated immediately but on a Friday night there were a lot of people waiting
2 Me and a friend ate lunch here... The food was good when it finally came out! Our waiter was consistent on us ordering smaller portions and taco... Our entree took about 40mins to come out... I talk to a manager "Oliver" that was extremely rude, he was giving us attitude and seamed like he wasn't happy to be there.... The staff was being reprimanded by him after the incident! extremely unprofessional the food was great! But this manager made everything uncomfortable.
5 Love love love Mercadito! I used to frequent the Miami location and was thrilled when they opened in summerlin. The food was amazing. Great guacamole and chips. I loved the carne asada tacos and the desert. Can't remember the name of the desert but it was amazing. The service was great. My husband left a good tip because he was do pleased with the constant attention. We'll be coming back over and over again.
1 went with another couple, for my wifes birthday. service was ok. food over priced and not very good. will not be returning, and i only live 1 mile away. small portions no chips, bean dip, ect on table. we have to many very good Mexican resturants here in vegas. will be suprised if they are still here by christmas. by the way i am from Chicago but live in summerlin now.
5 Great spot! If your looking for a plate of Mexican food covered in cheese and messiness...this is not for you! Mercadito is an upscale tapas style Mexican restaurant. We went for couples date night (yes guys it's us!!) and damn near drank them out of tequila and shut the place down!  Fish tacos...chicken tacos...shrimp tacos...beef tacos...pork tacos...so good they come 4 small tacos to an order so you can all try one. We also started with nachos...great flavor and presentation...not too messy looking! Only think I don't like is you have to order chips and salad separately (my opinion) We also had rice and beans...Mac and cheese and Mexican corn...all food delivered with a bang. From the managers to the waitstaff and bartenders we got A+ service. We were 2 couple with kids in kids quest ( yes you know who we are) and we got a little rowdy and has a little too much fun but i think  we made up for it with our spending! Can't wait to go back! New favorite date night couple spot!  Well done Mercadito!
3 Good service, nice patio atmosphere, generous portions, excellent drinks. I would recommend the fish tacos and the house margarita, but skip the ceviche.
5 Have no idea why this place is getting bad reviews. Great drinks, great tacos, and service (besides the hostesses) was wonderful. So many tacos to choose from, and even the mixed greens salad was yummy. Great addition to red rock.
4 On this visit we stopped in for drinks only.... we sat at the patio bar, and tried the auntie ox and smokey Pablo- both very outstanding drinks! Highly recommended! Can't wait to go back and try the food!
4 I think the best way to think of this place is like Mexican Tapas. All portions are a few pieces or bites of each item. Dishes arrive as they are prepared. It makes for a great grazing meal and most will find they can fill up on far less because of the pauses between dishes.   Great food and overall not too pricey. Our meals ended up running about $25 each, including an alcoholic beverage.   While not an issue for me, the chief complaint my party had was the noise level. My parents are older and have trouble separating out noises in a loud place. This is not the place to go if you want to have a "quiet dinner."  All told, I will definitely return! :-)
5 The food here is amazing. The guacamole with bacon was fabulous. The tacos were really great! I had carne and swordfish. Also tried the lobster tostadas which were just ok... The cocktails were amazing though. My only complaint is that this restaurant gets incredibly loud when it's busy, but I didn't think that was worth taking away a star. Oh and keep in mind this may be Mexican food but don't expect cheap tacos, they're $15 for 4, but very delicious. Highly recommended to try this place!
2 Far less stellar than their claims of offering the best thing from Mexico since salma Hayek. Both fish tacos (grilled and fried) were unappealing. The steak, dry. The service was not friendly or welcoming even from the management. All of the salsas are small at $2.50 each (enough for just two people at best) and none of them are spicy according to our server. The three tacos on the plate at $11.50 a plate felt like a ripoff because they were so tiny. The side of rice and beans had no Mexican flavors whatsoever and were very bland. Sorry, we won't be back. And if anyone would have asked us how our meal was at any point through our meal, they very well could have won our business back by showing some care and concern. But they didn't, so we are good, we'll make Mexican food at home.
5 This place is amazing food is super good and made to share so if you go by yourself like I did it's easy to make friends and enjoy other around you. I recommend the shrimp enchiladas, tacos and the fried plantain. If you sit at the bat ask for Malerie and let her create you a cocktail.  This is a place you need to try great decor, service and food
2 Slow, indifferent and arrogant bar service on a slow afternoon. Food was not bad, maybe four stars, but the experience was totally marred by the service. Not worth the $75 dollar tab. I would normally leave $15 dollars on that tab, not today.
3 Heard a lot of hype about this place, so I gave it a try. The ambiance was nice and upscale, the waiters and waitress were all very nice, they always had a smile on there face. But now to the food, like the other reviews said its like a Mexican tapas, which can get expensive real quick. I ordered all 3 guacamole's that they offer and all of them were good but nothing that blew my mind.  Ordered the asada tacos and I thought they were just alright.. The asada chunks were to big for my taste..I also ordered the pastor tacos... Now those were pretty good. I really wanted some carnitas, but they did not offer that, so hopefully in the future they do.  All in all I was expecting more from all the hype I have been hearing... I will come back for sure, but I wish I found my go to Mexican restaurant, but I did not. The search continues...
3 The Pancita taco is outrageously awesome. Order it during Happy Hour (after 9PM) and get 2 tacos for $5.50. The Carne taco also great - tender and savory, almost Lengua-like.  The Camaron (shrimp) taco is slathered in what they call "Chipotle Mojo" sauce which is an orange-colored, Sunday sauce-like (but Mexican) curry-like concoction. It also makes an appearance on their nacho plates. The repurposing of this sauce on multiple menu items is questionable, and something about the look of it is a little off-putting. On the shrimp taco it completely shrouds the ingredients in an opaque orange layer. Close your eyes and it tastes alright, but the overall visual is somewhat IKEA-cafeteria-like. All tacos are served on skinny, rectangular plates, so aim your taco droppings well or you'll be saying "Chipotle Uh-oh" on yer pants.  The nachos have potential - served on a hot metal vessel atop a wooden plank. But I wish the nachos were made with 3X more warm hockey-game queso, like the famed Isla Nachos of pre-2013 Treasure Island days... Nacho Daddy is the closest you'll find these days.  Mercadito's Habanero salsa and other salsas on the side will be charged for to the tune of $3.50+, so heat-seekers be warned. The Habanero salsa itself lacks punch - probably the weakest Habanero heat I've experienced since the Habanero salsa craze started. Absolutely no comparison to the *free* secret Habanero served at Javier's.  I'm a fan of the Mexican cocktail menu. The 'Misty Sleeve' was hibiscus-y and refreshing. At $10.50 though, it's all the money. A solid, standard Margarita will set you back $8.50. Not terribly pricey, but not five bucks.  Enjoyed the warm 3-corn pico, but was hard to eat in a shallow glass bowl. Keeping the kernels from flying off the edge was challenging.  Currently running a pretty slangin' deal on Tuesdays for 'industry folk': 50% off your check!  Prices are generally above-average for average Mexican fare. This place is trying to compete with the likes of Javier's (at Aria) but lacks the generous portions, go-for-it flavors, and beautiful plating/presentation. If you're gonna charge 5X-6X more than a taco stand, your food needs to please your palate at least 2X more. That's weird going-out-to-eat math, but ni modo!
2 We had such high hopes for this place. 1st it was taking over one of our favorite burger & bloody mary places in Vegas, LBS so I guess the expectation was high. We went on July 4th afternoon. we got there about 5 minutes to 4pm where we were told in a very terse voice that "We don't open until 4pm" - no offer of you can wait etc but being the rude NYC transplant I am, I plopped my arse down on one of their hobbit sized chairs and waited.  Ok 1st lets just say.. you are leasing space in a prime spot in a very busy casino and it's on a holiday - perhaps you should look at your market - and not stick to rules that apply to cities that are 10x the size of your local market. In NYC & Chicago maybe you can open for 6 hours a day and make your rent - but in Vegas that is a 24/7 tourist town where you are in a LOCALS casino.. perhaps you need to adjust for that.   We were finally seated at 401pm. after some discussion between the staff of who to give us to.. You'd think they'd never viewed a 6'8" tall person and a 5'8" fat person before.   Finally we were seated and our very peppy (and nice) waitress told us they were new & they served family style like a tapas bar. that confused me. family style is usually giant bowls/platters of food shared among all parties & tapas is small plates of food which your order many to share or not. oh and 3 times with the "we're new and just opened" - kewl. No problem with that. we know - we've seen the hype.   Drinks:  cocktails: we ordered Bloody mary's. pretty standard for any stocked bar. Nope. not one. not even any tomato juice to fake one. reason? "We're new" - so we ordered one of their shots of mescal & a glass of sangria. the shot was fine - the sangria was a mix of odd flavors none of which were to be associated with any sangria i've ever experienced in the 40 years I've been imbibing. & that would be ok if it was drinkable.  so I McGuyvered my own. I ordered a shot of vodka and an empty glass, 2 orders of their roja salsa - grabbed the lime from the sangria and wallah a Bloody mary.   Food:  Corn on the cob: delicious.  Salsas: very good especially their salsa verde, nice full flavor with the roasted tomitilloes shining through the right amount of spice.  2 orders of tacos in lettuce cups (nice option since they don't have 1 flour tortilla in the place) carne - tender meat and nicely spiced. pastor: dry.  Chicken enchiladas: it's been 12 days and actually I don't even remember how they tasted so it must not have made an impression.   Service:  Other than the major discussion at 355-401pm over us - btw - we could hear you, ladies - our service was ok. nothing special. I guess because they were new. LOL  The manager came over and looked quizzically at my McGuyvered Bloody mary glass so I explained my situation. I'm pretty sure they overstaffed since they were new. and he took the sangria off my bill.   Total bill with 2 shots: 90.00 + 20% tip.   Now for what you've been waiting for and why it's only 2 stars.  the hobbit chairs are hella uncomfortable for a person over 6' tall. yes they have bench seating but humpy so not much better.  no bloody marys is a personal choice.  Hours of operation the stage whispered discussion when we arrived 5 minutes early (and in my defense their door was open and there were people milling about.. did i know it wasn't open? no i didn't. did i know the milling people were actually staff? no i didn't. sorry we interrupted your party)  This is "mexican" food as envisioned by Victoria Beckham or maybe even Selma Hayek as touted on their website (which btw has NO hours listed) - and if that is your preference, this is a great place to be seen eating and sipping chic drinks.  it is not a place for people who are fans of street food straight off the back streets of Mazatlan sans the expended bullets or those who think authentic mex is what you get at Taco bell.
5 Food was amazing!!!!!!  We ordered both the swordfish tacos and the wild mushroom tacos.  Awesome that they were on corn tortillas (fresh baked in-house) so my glten-free husband could indulge.  i also got the fried plantains and they were perfect!  I'll be back soon!
3 We ate there the day it opened. No free chips and salsa. Very expensive Nd we left feeling hungry still.
1 I have traveled in Mexico and there is nothing  authentic about platanos with ginger dressing or drinks made of obscure ingredients.  They translate Mexican cuisine to mean add upscale sounfing ingredients into staples and ruin it.
