5 Wow! This store is amazing! A wide selection of flavors!! The most I've seen inside a store!! Will come back for any Vape questions I have or anything Vape related!! Also they have AMAZING customer service! The worker in there explained everything I was asking and got me to understand everything I needed! Can't wait to go back and try more juices!! GOOD JOB GUYS!!
5 Now open for business! Located in the same shopping center as the larger and newer SF Supermarket and next to Big Lots. The store is clean, spacious, and has a well organized and great selection of accessories, mods, tips, great juice flavors, etc. for the elaborate vaper. They even had a nice section for the female vaper, with cute miffy bunny drip tips and colorful ecigs. No, they don't carry hello kitty designs or drip tips unfortunately. Also, they don't sell clones when we checked, they only offer the legit and the real deal at this store.  Right when we walked in we were greeted kindly and professionally. We browsed thier collection and chopped it up with the employees for a while. My boyfriend asked many questions and they graciously provided him with a lot of solid answers. We truly felt the passion of the industry in the employees, Jose and the general manager Brian, great cats.   The greatest thing about break time, is that they have reasonable and cheap prices! The juice we bought was $11.99 for a 15 milliliter bottle. My boyfriend loves the flavors they have here. We're relieved they stay open late until midnight (12am) every day! This will be our new stomping ground for sure.
5 Needed to find a shop and glad that this is the one I landed on..   I cannot stand walking into some of these Vape shops; and getting looked at like your the Idiot for wanting to spend money at there store. That wasn't the case here..  Came in looking for cheap Atty/Re-build, (Acting like i knew what the fuck i was talking about of course). Bryan suggested and built me a Octopus drip tip atty ($11) he explained and made sure that it was 100% before sending me on my way.  During the chaos at EDC It fell out of my pocket...I gave the guys a call and they built me another one and kicked me down with a few pre-made coils.. 11$  This Atty made my EDC, The shop was beautiful, and in a chill location, nice to get away from the strip and feel like i was around some normal people- Had my Dog with me and they gave her nothing but love..  Thanks for all the help and knowledge see you next time
5 Great vaporizers, and a wide selection of juices. Been loyal to BTV for 1 and a half years. If you are looking for vape supplies in Las Vegas, then look no further. Plus Brian is usually pretty honest and helpful!
5 Breaktime is by far the best vape shop out in vegas. Friendly customer service and a wide variety of Juices, Top line Mods, and Tope line Atty's. Another great thing is there open from 10 Am - Midnight so whenever your craving a new juice or bored of your mod you can stop by.
5 Very Clean Shop!! Amazing Customer Service!! Brian is very knowledgable and helpful when it comes to your vaping needs! They also have a BIG selection of Juice Flavor and Also don't forget they have 20% off the selected juice lines of the day! They also do raffles every two weeks!! It's one of my go to Vape shops in Las Vegas and they're open til' Midnight!
