4 Love this place!  Food is fresh with flavor.   Drinks are refreshing.  Vegan and vegetarian menu has a solid selection.  Great decor, which gives a wonderful feel to the experience.
4 While driving home yesterday, I spotted a new place.  This place seemed to just POP up!  Went home and grabbed the wife for some healthy grub.  When we arrived we were greeted by a nice guy who introduced us to the menu and told us that the place just opened that afternoon.  He recommended a few things off of the menu and we went up to order.  At the counter, I ordered the steak, tomatoes, and potatoes and my wife ordered the veggie burger.  There were a few hiccups at the counter, but that could be expected being a brand new restaurant.  No worries for us.  The waitress told us that there was an "grand opening party" going on and that we could sit anywhere we could find a seat.    The steak, tomatoes, and potatoes and the veggie burger were great.  Saying all that, there was one issue, the restaurant was incredibly hot, and probably because the there were so many people there.  The food was delicious, so it made up for it.  Near the end of the meal, a waitress asked if we wanted dessert.  We had the chocolate cookie, which was warm and delicious.  Greeters - 5 Stars Wait staff/counter - 3 Stars (new girl in a new restaurant) Food - 4 Stars Dessert - 4 Stars Ambiance - 2 Stars (because of the heat) Pricing - $$  Overall - 4 Stars (Lyfe Kitchen could easily be 5 stars)
2 All the food I tried was disappointing and flavorless. I ordered the dish they are "known for" the unfried chicken and the chicken penne. Because the unfried chicken is placed on top of the cashew cream it was slightly soggy. The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked. The chicken penne was even more bland than the unfried chicken. The presentation was sloppy and unappetizing. I was surprised the sauce was advertised as a cream sauce because it was watery. The vegetables were all different sizes which makes me question the knife skills of the prep cook. The pasta was so over cooked that I had trouble picking it up with my fork.  Overall, the food here is poorly executed and under seasoned.
1 Unfortunately, I will not be able to rate the food as I was not able to taste it. I drove by this restaurant and unsure of the hours, checked the website as it was nearing 9:00pm. The website did not list the closing hours, just the opening date and time. As this is a new restaurant, I thought it would be worth checking out. I walked in the doors at 9:02pm and noticed that it was still quite busy with many tables seated. The gentlemen at the counter advised that the restaurant closed at 9:00pm. I mentioned that I checked the website and the also that the door did not list the closing hours, just the opening time. His response was to recite the opening and closing hours for the remainder of the week. I asked if I could just order a salad to go and I wouldn't require anything to be cooked. He proceeded to tell me that the kitchen had actually closed early and they couldn't make anything......further contradicting his statement of a 9:00pm closing time. He then asked if I would like to take a to go menu? I didn't want a to go menu, I just wanted a bed of lettuce and dressing, which apparently is as difficult to accommodate for a new business as a clearly stated closing time. I won't be back.
2 stopped in the minute I spotted the place. fake chicken burger was fabulous. Fish tacos were a bit over baring  .  Salad was a waste of time. cucumber, mint water was very good. However there were no prices so the total was a shock! Not sure I'll go back
3 Ordered all our food off GF menu.  Food was good but not great.  Portions small and pricey, but I guess that is normal for "healthier" food.  Kids were still hungry after eating their GF margherita flatbread.  Husband said fish tacos were ok.  My GF Pizzadilla Wich was good and pretty filling.  Would not come back here with the kids.  Like the concept and ambience but too expensive for families.  Good lunch date place.
4 My husband and I decided to give this place a try for dinner and we weren't disappointed. Unless there has been a change to their menus I am not certain how the prices could be a surprise since they were printed clearly on the menus. The prices range from about 8.00-15.00 for sandwiches and entrees, which was less expensive than I had been expecting.  I had the roasted mushroom and goat cheese flatbread which was excellent. The whole wheat crust was amazing and the goat cheese and balsamic were not overwhelming. My husband had the grilled chicken and avocado sandwich which he declared to be delicious. The service was top notch but that is to be expected from a new restaurant. If I have one complaint it would be that the restaurant was a little warm. It didn't bother me as much as my husband but I do think they could greatly benefit from either stronger sun shades or fans.
4 Cool ambience, inside is really open and clean. I liked the herbs wall and cute wooden tables. My fiancé and I had the mint cucumber water, margherita pizza, chunky guacamole, farmers market salad and grain bowl. The pizza was nice and light, guacamole and salsa were really good (not the chips it came with though), the salad looked nice and summer-y with black berries, candied walnuts, goat cheese and arugula. The balsamic vinaigrette was not over bearing on the salad. The grain bowl had a nice spice to it. The menu has prices and also indicates that veggies are undercooked to be nice and crunchy texture. Overall, we enjoyed the meal and great hospitality. We will be going back.
2 We got here at 7:40pm, and ordered the Chicken, Mushroom, Spinach and Penne, and the Corn Chowder. I received my CMSP in about 10 minutes, it was pretty good, probably not worth the price but I liked it. My girlfriend waited for the CC but after 20 minutes it still didn't show, so I went to the counter to ask, the cashier said just one moment, she left and never came back. I went back to the table so my food wouldn't get cold. Another 10 minutes later and still no CC, I asked a server walking by and he said he would check. He didn't come back. A few minutes later another server walked by and he said he would check. About 5 minutes later a manager came to our table to explain that they were out of CC so they had to make more, and that it would be out in a few minutes, she gave us a Cucumber Mint Water for the wait. Neither of us liked it very much. We waited an entire hour from ordering for her CC to finally show up. My girlfriend liked the CC. Overall, the concept of this place is awesome, we need more healthy choices throughout the valley, and the food is pretty good. They just need to figure a way to server better and maybe they would have got a 4-star review from me.
2 The staff is friendly, definitely a positive! The portions were good sized, but seemed pre-made. My husband and I enjoy a healthy lifestyle, but the food was a disappointment. The sweet potato fries were cold and soggy. I ordered the pizzadilla and it was ok, nothing special. My husbands burger seemed like it can from a supermarket pre made bag and was cold. I may come back in a few months to see if it improves, but was not thrilled.
1 I was not impressed by anything here upon entering you are presented a menu which you read while standing in line. This is not a good idea for elderly folk. I prefer to sit when I read the menu. The staff seemed as though they all just left a pep meeting way too much  smiling it all seemed fake I ordered the fish tacos I received 2 appetizer sized tacos with perfectly cut rectangle pieces of fish, which were also quite bland tasting. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich it came on a oatmeal bun which was dry as.. Well you know, she said it crumbled apart in her mouth. Leaving most of it on the plate, not a good sign considering we were there on the second day they were open. The district manager explained my fish was dry possibly because "the flavor may have come off before cooking as the fish was pre-seasoned.
4 Delicious healthy food.  I tried the baked chips and guacamole, black bean chicken bowl and farmers market salad.  All flavorful and combined well with baked sweet potato fries.  The cost was a little expensive but I expected that.  It was too bright and warm the evening I went. The outdoor seating area needs a shade canopy or trees to cut the glare.
4 Lots of variety; extensive gluten free menu. Lots of healthy options to choose from and I love that you can go through their dietary catalog and see each menu item and a break down of their nutrition.  Only downside was that I got an entree and a side and was still a little hungry after.
5 Being originally from California I'm always looking for new healthy option places. This place is great! Amazing food and atmosphere the managers were present and the service was awesome! I had the fish tacos but I'll be back for breakfast I'm sure! Cute outdoor seating as well!
3 Located in the same shopping center as Whole Foods, next to Settebello -- you can't miss it!  Pretty busy, modern, comfortable feel when you walk in.  Items ordered : - Hibiscus Beet LYFE Juice : hibiscus-y, beet-y palette cleanser! - Quinoa Crunch Wrap : small, but very filling! Quinoa, crunch veggies, avocado, edamame, and hummus wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla. Comes with their hot sauce on the side, adds the kick without really adding the burn!   I ordered to-go, but it was a quick and painless wait. Also the employees were very helpful and patient with me because we thought they served breakfast all day, come to find out breakfast ends at 11am and had to re-ask my coworker what she wanted.   Like the fresh, healthy, gluten-free, vegetarian concept!  Lots to choose from the menu so def will have to make a trip back if I'm needing a healthy fix! A-OK in my books!
4 First off I am giving an extra star for clean, modern interior along with good service. Got the grass-fed burger and hibiscus iced tea. Burger came with a small kale side salad that was tasty. The meal was a perfect portion and I left feeling satisfied. The burger was juicy and overall a tasty lunch. The bun was a little hard as previously mentioned in other reviews. I think the reason for this is that it appears to be toasted with butter. I will definitely be back again to try some options. Wish they added an organic/non-gmo menu to their menu options and I would be there 3-4x a week!
5 Such a breath of fresh air! I love the food here, tried the fish tacos and the vegan burger. Very friendly staff, and they cater to you--I was going up for a water and utensils, and someone offered to get it for me (: feels good to be pampered!
5 Love that there is a clean, fresh and actually healthy fast food option in Henderson! The food is like I would make at home- maybe not the most flavorful, but its clean and good for you which is what counts!
5 I had the art's unfried chicken, it was very delicious. Also tasted seasonal chicken and kale soup. Great food, friendly environment.
3 Let me start with my conclusion:  mediocre value  Our food was good enough and it seemed like quality ingredients, but the portions were very small and the prep seemed a little amateurish.  I did enjoy my salmon dish and my wife did enjoy her chicken pasta...and we both agreed they were good...nothing to write home about, nothing to complain about.  But considering the prices and proximity to Cheesecake Factory...there really is no choice. Flavor on both dishes was a little bland.  The staff seemed like naturalists and hippies, generally speaking.  Not judging them on those counts, just saying :-). So YMMV on the vibe depending on what you're into.  We will probably go back in a month or so and see if things improved.  Oh yeah...the $9 tiny artichoke dish...that pissed me off because that was delicious and tiny...if it was $3 that would have been fair.
