3 If I could use one word to sum up the opening night at Serrano Manchego, it would be disappointing. Or, underwhelming. You get the idea. I so wanted it to be amazing, but it just wasn't and it could be and should be.  I've gone for 3 stars as I feel it's a compromise between what Serrano Manchego has got right, and what it's got wrong. The décor alone warrants a solid 4, verging on to 5. The service and the food are definitely a 2 ("meh, I've experienced better", I couldn't have said it better myself!).  I'm going to start with the good. The place looks fantastic. It's all exposed brick and wood with the logo stencilled on the wall. Lovely. Lots of space and tables. A definite thumbs up on this. And I love the concept, a Spanish pincho bar on Leith Walk. Only one beer on draught (Alhambra), bite sized snacks and platters, signature croquettas, great! And erm. That's the good. The décor and the concept.  The bad? Well I'll start with the service. I'm probably not being fair, as yesterday was their opening night (although as stated on their Facebook page this wasn't a soft opening, it wasn't an exclusive party, it was just open), but given the amount of time they've spent into decorating and sourcing ingredients, they really ought to have trained their staff! I'd be surprised if any of the bar staff/servers has worked in a bar or a restaurant before. Not one of them knew how to pour a pint, so the manager had to teach them on the job, and of course this meant that it took ages to get served (and what's with ringing up a transaction on the sole till before pouring the drinks?). And if you'd ordered food you got a numbered wooden spoon in a glass, fairly standard. But the poor girls serving spent most of the evening wandering about in a daze looking for whoever had ordered that particular dish... The staff were all perfectly nice, they were just all woefully inexperienced. I ought to point out that I was with my boyfriend and sister, both experienced bar staff and servers, so as you can imagine we had little tolerance, but even if I'd been there alone I'd still have been frustrated.  And the food, oh the food. A great concept doesn't make up for poor execution. There's a nice sounding selection of cold and hot pinchos, as well as tostados, platters and the croquettas of the day. I don't know if this will always be the case, but they only had one croquette on yesterday, which was haggis. Or was it? I was definitely told it was haggis, but biting into it you'd never have known. Sure, the herbs and spices tasted a little like our national dish, but the texture was creamy and the colour was pale and the taste was bland. What was it?! We also ordered a dish of olives. What we got was a small plate (not a bowl, which would have made more sense), of pitted olives that looked and tasted like they'd come straight from a jar. I don't buy jarred olives at the supermarket, I don't expect to be served them in a bar. And pitted, who serves pitted olives?!  I'd like to say everyone else's food look great, but judging by the table next to us that isn't the case. They'd ordered a platter of manchego, blue cheese, walnuts, quince and raisins that came with no blue cheese. There was an explanation for this, but I didn't catch it, and given they'd only been open for 3 hours at this point I sincerely hope they hadn't run out. Then came the tostados, or bread with a topping. Standard, I know, and I wasn't expecting anything brilliant from a basic open sandwich, but they just looked so uninspiring. Fortunately none of the food is expensive.  I actually feel annoyed about it all. I wanted Serrano Manchego to be brilliant. They've had a great Facebook presence and I know I wasn't the only local eagerly awaiting its opening, and it was packed last night. I want to give them a second chance, because I truly believe that they could be great if only they improve. Please guys, the problems I've identified should be easy to fix! I really hope that in a couple of months time I'll be writing an updated review of 4 or 5 stars.
2 Visited on a hot, sunny evening, to find all outside tables occupied so sat inside. Instantly felt the space didn't work well - NONE of our chairs allowed us to sit our legs under the tables so we were all spaced out beside it, taking up a lot of room and quite uncomfortable. Everyone inside was taking up a lot of room, so that a trip to the bar or bathroom was an obstscle course of sorrys and excuse me's....  The other main problem was the tiny wee space at the bar for ordering, most of the bar being used for seating, and occupied, so queueing ensued and despite the army of staff behind the small bar, they simply didn't have room to get your order till the person in front was done....  Throw into the mix that there is NO table service, for approx 8 outside tables and maybe 15 squeezed in inside, and i can predict a war on busier days at that teeny weeny service area.. Staff still came from behind the bar to clear empty plates and glasses and refused to take orders and failed to notice who were no doubt ex Dalmany Bar gents getting in thru the (probably illegally) open fire exit and plonking themselves down.   Leith has been teased by their opening for over a year now, and yet i found a toilet with a broken lock and the other with a really broken seat, no toilet paper and very very very dirty floors. Totally a bad sign,  The one and only rose was v sweet and undrinkable, and a large glass of that with a glass of Spanish Alhambra beer was £10.   I WANT to go back and try the food, but I'm so NOT attracted to the place now, I probably never will.
