5 It's my new coffee place!  I would recommend the Bistro Latte with an extra shot - it reminds me of Vietnamese coffee. Great food and awesome service!   I highly recommend!
5 Main Points: -Nice decor, great selection of drinks -Affordable and tasty breakfast and lunch -Welcomed addition to Queen Creek dining  Review: As a fan of The Deli, I was excited to try this place and it did not disappoint.  The Bistro, although currently a little difficult to find due to lack of real signage, is a cute and trendy little bistro with a great selection of drinks and good options for breakfast and lunch.  If you're familiar with the Deli's signature carrot cake, good news, they offer it here too!  The cashier caught me drooling and immediately knew why, so obviously I'm not the only fan.  My hubby ordered the special of the day which was frozen berry iced tea and a loaded bagel breakfast sandwich with turkey,egg, cheese, and pesto...both were tasty!  I got the chai latte with vanilla, and though my latte was a little sweet for my taste, they were happy to adjust it to my liking (I tend to like less sugar, no fault of the drink).  I also got the quiche which came with a salad for $5, great deal!  I give this place a 5 because for the location, locally produced food/teas, drink selection, ambiance, and friendly staff, it is a place I will definitely come back to.  They also have free wi-fi, maybe my next Yelp review will be written there over another one of their delicious drinks!
4 My wife and I visited The Bistro on a Thursday morning, June 26, around 9:00 am.  We came for the $1 coffee special and because we like local places, but we ended up ordering food and trying out this recently opened place.    My wife had the bacon quiche was good but came out cold;  even the second time parts of it were barely warm.  It was a $5 special which was nicely priced for the portion.  I had the biscuits and gravy full order which consisted of two biscuits sliced in half and covered with sausage gravy all served in a large pasta bowl type dish. I enjoyed this dish.  The gravy seemed very real as opposed to out of a packet that I can make at home.  The gravy contained small sliced pieces of sausage which was fine with me but it was not the crumbled ground sausage that you often see.  It felt like a nice homemade dish of biscuits and gravy.  It was $6.  Besides the cold quiche and lack of any sort of "sorry" from the staff, my only other real complaint is the ordering process we experienced.  I realize that they had only opened about a week ago, but while we read their menu on a black chalkboard behind their counter and decided on our order at the counter, all four employees basically stood there watching us and waiting.  It just felt odd and uncomfortable with all four watching us.   Overall it was a pleasant experience.  The atmosphere setting inside is nice with lots of windows and a quiet setting.  There is room for improvement but if they are anything like The Deli, then they will improve and it will be a nice spot.  I'd like to give it 3.5 stars because after my first visit I'm somewhere between "A-OK" and "I'm a fan".  Improving customer service and serving a quality product will serve them well here for much success in the future.
5 A great place to stop and relax for some good food and coffee!  As someone who works from home, I am constantly searching for places like this.  A great atmosphere, friendly staff, with delicious food and great coffee.  Everything is very reasonably priced and they use lots of fresh ingredients and have very creative menu items.  Great looking deserts too that I'm looking forward to trying.  They have paninis, salads, pizza, breakfast items, and lots of great appetizers.  Let's make sure that great places like this stay open in Queen Creek!
