4 Beard papa is a chain from Japan. They have tons of locations in Cali but now Vegas has one! It's here finally and inside FAME at the Linq.   Prices aren't the same as Japan. They average about $1-$1.50 but here it's $3 for one. So I'm probably not going to frequent it as I do in Japan but maybe once in a while. If you've never had one then it's a definite must try!
3 So the three stars are for the cream puffs itself.  The pastry is light and airy with the exterior being nice and flaky and the original vanilla filling is not overly sweet.  Perfect for those with Asian dessert tendencies.  The two stars missing are due to the chaotic service.  It took 15 minutes to get our order.  Other people who ordered after us were receiving their orders first, since they don't seem to have a good system track and fill orders.  The other really annoying part is that the music in FAME is so loud, the cashiers can barely hear the orders.  The flavors they currently have are original, cocoa, cookie, and eclair style.  This beard papa's here doesn't have near as many flavor options as the ones in Cali or Canada. Hopefully they work out their service kinks soon.
3 Think they opened about a week ago, but today was BOGO on original cream puffs for their grand opening. My friend insists that it's not as good as in LA, but it seemed the same as the ones I've had in Glendale, LA and Seattle. Light crispy shell with vanilla filling, which is all they had tonight - typical Japanese dessert that the custard filling was rich and not sweet.   So I love Beard Papa's but I'd never go back during their obnoxious Tuesday block party. I had to literally yell my order at the cashier. They're filled to order and call your name when it's ready - too bad the music was blasting so loud that I couldn't hear sh*t.   Its summer, and still almost 100° at night - guess what, you at least need ceiling fans in Vegas if youre going to have an open spot with no air conditioning. But no worries, they also sell $9 boba snow ice so you'll stay cool with no problem. I'll probably wait it out for this location to close so they can open in a nice air conditioned mall like normal Beard Papa's.
4 Finally got to try the coveted Beard Papa's cream puff!! ...well, the Vegas version at least.  I have heard about this place from one of my Cali friends and was interested in giving it a go when it opened.  Lucky for me, today was the day it opened and I got to walk in and try one of these bad boys out.  I opted for the 'Cookie' version of their cream puff and was delighted with the amount of cream in it.  There's a lot in there.. I mean A LOT. It was oozing all over my hand and onto the napkin, bursting out with creamy deliciousness.  The outer layer of the cream puff was tough and a little too rigid for my liking.  It wasn't anything like a Liliha Bakery cocoa puff where the puff was just fluffy and soft and easy to devour. No, no.. it took a few well adjusted bites to put the puff pastry down at Beard Papa's and just wasn't what I was expecting as far as having a "puff"-like exterior. However, I think for what it is, the flavors work very well together and the cream.. well, that's pretty much the best part about it hands down.  I like the fact that they had some beer and wine on tap (esp. Kirin and Sapporo for you Japanese beer lovers) and they also had some boba, to boot. I'll be back to venture out to the other flavors the next time I take a stroll through The Linq.
5 I love Beard Papas!  Had it in Hawaii, San Francisco, and Thailand.  My favorite is the strawberry filling. Fresh strawberries and aromatic. Waiting to have it at this location.  Last night they only had vanilla filling.  The original puffs were buy one get one.  About $3.50  Love! So light and not too sweet. So happy to have it in Vegas.
5 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(161/365) "Who's Your Papa!?"  FINALLY! Beard Papa's Has opened up in Las Vegas! Located inside FAME at The Linq, we happened to be there on opening night after the Nerdy Bowling event at Brooklyn Bowl and they were offering 2 for 1 Cream Puffs-SWEET!   I will save some of you the disappointment and say that you won't get rich, in your face sweet, ooey gooey from here....crisp, light, delicately sweet is the best way I can describe a Beard Papa's cream puff, and I love that the shells are filled to order so you can totally enjoy the tastes and textures, so if you didn't think places like Suzuya and Sweets Raku weren't all that, I wouldn't suggest coming here. You have been warned.  This is the first Beard Papa's that I've seen different types of shell being offered too-Original, Cocoa, Cookie Crunch, Paris Brest, and Eclair. I would stick with the original and cocoa shells. I do hope they offer more cream fillings in the future(Green tea, strawberry chocolate and caramel are all bomb!) ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter: \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5
3 In the area for an event at The Linq and remembered they were offering buy one, get one free original cream puffs.   They are currently only offering vanilla filling so I was stuck with this option, despite knowing I likely wouldn't enjoy it. Vanilla and cream filling isn't my favorite.  They fill as you order and our puffs were ready quickly. The pastry was light and fluffy and, as expected, I didn't enjoy the filling. I know these are supposed to be subtle and not overly sweet, but I find the puffs and filling a little on the sweet side for my taste. I typically like very subtle desserts, so I was surprised that these didn't do it for me. I have tried Beach Papa's before in Southern California and I wasn't in love then either, so maybe it's just me.   I am interested in trying their other flavors when they become available, but for the price and location, I don't see myself making any special effort to give it another try.
3 Finally we have a Beard Papa's location here in Vegas!  This location is pretty new and still don't have the full variation of fillings except vanilla and hazelnut. Combine that with original, cocoa or cookie housing that completes the cream puff.  BUUUUUUUUT, it didn't taste like their original cream puff. I knew their locations in Tokyo and San Francisco, but this one was inconsistent with my long time previous experiences. The cream was way whipp-y and less custard-y. The Beard Papa's signature cream should be custard-rich flavor!  Also, while I appreciate the vanilla cream not being too sweet, it went a bit too far to the point where it could be called tasteless. However, the sweetness of the hazelnut cream was decent, so hopefully we were just unlucky to catch an inconsistent batch of the day, it was not their new direction. I'll have to reconfirm.  As with anything on the Strip, FAME (an Asian-oriented food court at the Linq) is open through midnight so we were able to stop by and have a quick bite at 11pm. That's a big plus.  However, three cream puffs with two plain ice teas for $25 seems pricy. I don't mind paying $$$$ for a fine dining, but do mind when I know the original price of a cream puff is less than $2 per piece, and the reasonable pricing constitutes a significant part of the brand. Just because it's on the strip doesn't mean you will pay $100 for a GAP t-shirt. Markup by novelty will quickly degrade as the brand becomes more known. As with anything, pricing it right is the key for a sustainable business - plan accordingly.  All that said, I very much welcome this new location. I hope you guys thrive.
4 Stop and say hi, they may have a sample for you. Staff was friendly. They were out of the Original so we went with the Cookie with Vanilla filling, it's small but it was really good. Oozing with filling.  Not like what I grew up eating but it made me happy and I would definitely stop by for another one. Love F.A.M.E., I want to decorate my house like that!
1 Alright now yelpers..you guys must be friends with people who work here or know someone that owns the place because I think that these little cream puffs are so overrated..why do people always seem to post the most amazing reviews when they first open? probably for people like me that read about new spots all the time and when you get there with high expectations for greatness anything less is a dissapointment. that was basically my experience in a nutshell  So they only had 2 flavors even though i wanted to try them all which were strawberry and vanilla. i have to say the filling for vanilla was better than the strawberry.but the outside of the cream puff ive definitely had better. And for $10 it's not worth it  I will probably not come back here unless they make some changes but its nice to know that people are taking advantage of trying to open new things in the LINQ but i feel most of the stuff here is just for tourists not for people like me that are really looking for awesome food !!!!
1 Not for me!! Ordered Boboa which was buy one get one free we got it in milk, two eclairs and this came to $21.00. The eclairs were still frozen and kinda tasted freezer burned and the Boboa had not flavor and they packed it so much with ice you could hardly get the boba balls on the bottom. Tried to explain to 2 different girls at the register and they could not understand me but, no problem with the person behind who spoke there language. Wont go back
