5 So happy to finally be checking in!! So far so good. PACKED on a Friday. Food and drink specials the same as other locations.   THIS ONE IS THE BEST. YAY WEST SIDE!!!
5 Finally!!! I have been here twice already since it has opened and have not been disappointed. Service is great and the food is even better! I love their zipparitas (it's a good thing they only let you have 3-they are strong!!) I went on Friday and it was very very busy but you can't hate on a business for being awesome. Congrats on finally opening and I look forward to many more happy hours :)
2 You know the saying if you get good service you tell no one, but if you get bad service you tell 10 people well that's this case here. When this place gets busy good luck if you sit at the bar they look right past you to serve those standing with out a seat. I tried for 20 minutes to get a 2nd beer even raising my empty glass. They took my empty glass never asked if I wanted another and didn't get back to me for another 10 minutes. The guy next to me waited nearly 30 minutes to order food. He sat their with a menu in his face trying to grab the bartender to order.   This place has been open for 2 weeks and is right across from Midwestern University. So the newness might or might not wear off and this place might slow down some that they could actually provide some sort of par level service.  I went to this place on a Wednesday and a Friday night and only had the happy hour special food items.  It was just ok, nothing to brag about.
4 We tried zipps for the for first time and it was delicious. It's great food for a good price. They have awesome specials and it's family friendly. Definitely would recommend to a friend.
5 Great food and atmosphere and the Watermelon Zipperita is awesome
5 This place ROCKS! Huge TV's, plenty of room, good services, and a decent happy hour. To keep it short and simple.....GO HERE and check it out!!  Caution.....Expect a long wait during happy hour and dinner time. Since it just opened, a lot of people are trying it right now.
2 I've been here four time since it opened. The food is fantastic but that's about it. The customer service is appalling.
2 Visited the new Glendale location on their 2nd day that they were opened. Visited around 1:00 PM and sat in the bar, served by Julie who was very nice and friendly and attentive. Ordered the burger with 1/2 order onion rings and 1/2 order of fries. Burger was average, fries were not that hot and the onion rings were not as good as I remember them when I used to visit one of their Scottsdale locations. Looked like the kitchen may have used a spatula to cut into the burger to see if it was cooked properly. I remember the food being better than this visit. Visited again a few days later on Friday. Three of us ordered food. The veggie burger's bun was served up hard, over toasted? The sweet potato chips are like potato chips and were not freshly made to order. My pizza slice was very bad. Little if any sauce on the dough less than average amount of cheese, sausage added to the top of the slice and then covered with grated parmesian cheese, the slice was not reheated so the cheese did not melt into the slice nor could it given the type of cheese used. SO SO disappointed in the pizza. We also ordered a 1000 Island burger. The burger was drenched in 1000 Island dressing and sat in a pool of sauce. Impossible to pick up to eat. This burger too appeared to have been cut into to determine if cooked properly. Sent it back to be redone and 2 minutes later the same food came out in a new basket without all the 1000 Island dressing, naturally the bun was soaked from before. Needless to say we walked out after discussing the issues with management and receiving $5 vouchers. Not sure we even want to try a 3rd visit.
3 This place recently opened up. From my short time living in Arizona, I can tell that sports bars are hugely popular here (not that they aren't popular elsewhere). But I digress.  I'm not going to lie and say that I'm an avid sports fan, but for those who are, there are several big screen TVs to watch games on. Parking does get sparse when a big game is on, so you may have to park on the street.  I came here for Happy Hour and ordered a Strawberrry Zipparita for $4 and some french fries. The zipparita was really yummy and strong (guess that's why they limit it to 3 per person) but the french fries were pretty standard and nothing to write home about. Our waitress was very upbeat and friendly, and overall no complaints.
4 I've been here twice now (both times for US Soccer games).  I can't speak to normal days here, but if the service and experience I had is any indication, they should have no problem keeping the masses happy during regular business hours.  As with so many sports bars, this place was incredibly packed for the US World Cup games.  Zipps new location in Glendale is more than worthy of the crowds they got as they have dozens of TVs across the entire restaurant plus a big jumbotron TV in the middle of the restaurant.  There's tons of seating in the restaurant and the bar area, all with great viewing angles.  Both times I came here for the games, the service from the waitresses was prompt, professional, and friendly.  Even with standing room only crowds, I never had an issue getting the attention of my waitress and she came by regularly to check on me.  The food here is pretty stand bar fare.  I've sampled a couple of different appetizers here now (quesadilla and chicken tenders) and its pretty much what I expected.  It was adequate and tasted pretty much like the food I've had at other Zipps locations.  I haven't had any of their main dishes yet so I can't speak to those.  So don't take this review as an indication of their broader food menu, but moreso as a great place to watch a big game.  The setup is awesome and the west valley residents have clearly embraced it.  One quick tip:  Park in the parking lot north of Melting Pot as the inner parking lot is super small and gets crowded.
1 Just tried out this Zipp's location and I must say I am very disappointed. We started with the chips and salsa, it took over 20 minutes to get to our table and there was no seasoning on it. For our entrees I ordered the chicken focaccia with a side salad and my husband ordered the BBQ shrimp skewers. It took almost another half an hour to get those and what we received was not worth the money. My chicken focaccia was no more than chicken wrapped in a tortilla and for whatever reason the tortilla was wet and soggy. None of the shrimp on my husband's shrimp skewers were deveined so, he basically was not able to eat half of his meal. Naturally, I asked for the manager. When he came to our table he did not introduce himself, he only saId "I hear there is a problem." I told him the situation and he asked if we would like anything else but we declined because we did not want to wait another 30 minutes for new food. All the manager did was take my entree off the bill because I did not eat any of it. Other customers in the restaurant were complaining about the food as well, one guy even asked us "who did you talk to about the food up in this joke!" The only positive thing I can say about Zipp's is, their Bloody Mary's are pretty good. We won't be going back to Zipp's!
4 I'm so happy Zipps has finally opened. It's been a long wait. This Zipps is huge! Well equipt with several HDTV's and the usual Zipps shuffleboard. I was there for the two games US played in the world cup and the vibe was something else! Everyone was chanting, celebrating US goals and it was such a great time!  Glendale really needed this out here. While it may be packed on game days and parking may be slim to none, Zipps is super fun and their zipparitas and special wings are GREAT! They limit you to 3 zipparitas, as they should because they are incredibly strong.  Cheers to having a Zipps in Glendale! Hooray!
2 First time here. Burgers great. 2 patties standard. Onion rings overcooked. Tuna salad not okay. Brian, our server, was awesome. Friendly and fast.  Music was a little loud for lunch time.   Will I come back for lunch?  No.  But I will come back and check out happy hour.   See ya then.
4 Wow!!! Finally!! After over a year of waiting Zipps is finally open and wow it's great. Been here a few times since the opening and had a great time each time. We have sat at the bar and enjoy chatting it up with the bartenders and servers. Everyone seemed friendly. Also the happy hour is great and my wife loves those zipperitas! Late happy hour is not bad either. I've yet to try food so I'll update my review once I do. Also, the inside is huge and the best looking Zipps so far! It has a real open feel and is super cool with all of the sport teams on the wall. I'm a little offended because I can only find 1 UofA on the wall.lol.  My only complaint it the lack of local craft beer selection on tap. Most of the beers are all big names popular beers, but it love local craft beer. There is only one, Desert Eagle red which is alright. I'd like to see some more local az beers such as Four Peaks or San Tan and maybe rotate some taps to change things up. If Zipps had that I would be giving it a 5 star plus rating!!  Oh well, still a cool place and it's close to home so I'll be here more often.
4 Came back for our 3rd visit during Friday night happy hour,  much improved,  tried the raspberry, strawberry and apple Zipparita, all 3 were good. Excellent chips, guacamole and salsa, plus cheese pizza. ALSO ordered Golden sweet wings had a kick to them. Would come back again.
5 Finally open!! I have to say it has been worth the wait.  Went here to see a playoff soccer game on their huge 9 screen to make 1 big screen high definition TVs.  The place is very upscale and as usually the food is great.  I've gone to Zipps at other locations and you cant go wrong with just about anything.  I love the wings, their burgers are great, and of course they have plenty of alcohol (I usually hang at the bar).  It is still casual and I cant wait for football season to start.  Parking blows near the front but you can park in back on the north side of the complex and the walk is still close.
1 If I could zero stars I would have. It took 30 min to get our drinks, when we finally got our food it was like eating a leather belt and a belt would have been much better. Then to top it off our waitress disappeared never to return and took another 30-40 minutes to get our check. I wouldn't waste your time!
