3 Grand Ave Pizza just opened. We are very excited about this. You can get a great pizza until 4am. This is good thin crust pizza. The place has inside dining and a patio but it is small (cozy?). No beer/wine yet but maybe in the future. I am going to recommend this place and I give the pizza 4-4 1/2 stars. However- 2 things: hours; they don't open til 8pm. Earlier opening time time- say- 5pm(?) Price; $12/12" and $18/18" pizza. A bit pricey. A single slice is $3-$4. It's good pizza but it should be 2-slices/$5 for cheese and 2-slices/$6 for single topping! I will mention this to the owner. If they knocked a couple bucks off the price I'd give them 4 1/2 stars easy peasy!
4 We just ordered pizza from these guys last night at 3 AM and it was exactly what we needed! My boyfriend and I get off work really late and the last thing I wanted to do last night was drive back out to get something to eat- these guys were kind enough to deliver the pizza without sweatin' it and were here faster than any typical chain pizza place. Open late, a lil' greasy and delicious- you wont be disappointed :)
5 So glad this place finally opened!  I had been wanting pizza for a good month, and I remembered they were open late night.    It's a cute little space with a rad mural inside.  They offer cheese or pepperoni by the slice $3 and $3.50, and they have whole pies as well (12'' for $12 and 18'' for $18 plus more if you want to add toppings) and they always have some kind of delicious special going (which is only available by the pie, just an fyi).  I don't think this place is pricey, especially considering all of the fancy pizza places that popped up.  This place is a no bull pizza joint, and the fact that they are open from 8pm-4am Tuesday-Saturday is an added bonus!  I think this place is PERFECT for a late night snack after an evening of barhopping with friends or for restaurant workers (who usually get out too late to enjoy anything other than something berto's or Denny's). They don't deliver just yet, but are fully planning on doing so:)   When I stopped in, I ordered two slices of cheese.  The crust is thinner, but not super crunchy like thin crust.  It has a nice little crunch with a pillowy texture inside.  Good sauce, good cheese made by good peeps.  My friends decided to join me, so I ordered a slice of pepperoni and they ordered pepperoni with mushrooms and jalapenos.  No one was disappointed and we all have been talking about it since we dined there last week!  Lastly, the crew is great! Nice and friendly, playing great tunes and having a good time making pizza and chatting with customers.  Can't wait to go back!
5 I honestly feel like this might be the best pizza in phoenix! we came here tonight and ordered an 18" pizza with garlic, mushrooms, onions, and olives- there were three of us, all major pizza eaters, and we still had 2 slices left. I felt the price was totally comparable to other places in phoenix- if I want a $5 cheese pizza as another reviewer mentioned, then i'll go to little caesar's. the fact that they used kalamata olives was particularly awesome. the pizza was amazing, the outdoor seating area is nice and has misters, and the service was great. the fact that they are open until 4am is also a plus!
2 I love the idea of a local (to downtown Phoenix) open late (they run actual vampire hours opening a 8pm until 4 am) pizza joint. So, I excitedly drug my husband in on day one (or two depending on if you count grand opening as day one).  We walked over and grabbed a couple slices of pepperoni and a sample of the daily special.   It was ok. I've eaten far worse by way of pizza...but this was not a great-I-want-to-have-them-again pizza experience either.  I will likely give them another chance - a few months down the road- and see if the issues we experienced were just opening issues.  The slices are served piping hot from the oven and huge! This should be a good thing, yet when we picked up our slices (to fold and eat...ya know like ya do) the crust broke. It wasn't completely done.  Burning hot greasy cheese and pepperoni oozed its way through the cracks make it difficult to eat.  I love greasy pizzas, don't get me wrong, but I don't like wearing them because the crust can't stand up.   Lest you think I'm just being a picky crust person, my husband also had issues with his slices. Similarly the owner and chef both voiced (in a conversation between them, but not to the customers but carried out in front of us) that the oven wasn't heated properly and nothing was coming out done correctly.  Did they offer to throw our slices back in? Nope. Nothing was even said to us.   It's a new restaurant, it's possible to fix these issues. We'll see. I'll adjust my review later.   Also...as a side note....not having anything to do with my rating but wanting people to be aware. This is a very tiny place. At most 5 people can sit. If all 5 stools are filled, I'm not sure how other guests can come in. So plan to grab your pie /slice and go.
