5 Located at the bottom of Lauriston Place, this tiny supermarket (with the kind of hilariously specific name) has loads of interesting dried mushroom, loads of seaweeds, 35p for a bag of beansprouts, really cheap tofu, a million different kinds of rice and noodles...  It's also a vegetarian haven in that they have loads of cheap mock meat (for when you're feeling strange), for example fake prawns (great for tempura). Though they also have strange kind of disgusting looking canned meat. I haven't properly investigated the travel agent part, though it makes me giggle quite a bit, but the supermarket is definitely the place to go if you want to have a sushi party and feed a thousand people for under a tenner.
5 I love this place! I think the staff struggle to understand what I am looking for sometimes, but they are super helpful!1st time I went in here I spent about 30mins just wondering around looking at all the mental stuff they had.... like the poster below I am vegetarian too, so I had to try all the crazy mock meat (fake duck anyone?) & almost every time I go I come out with something new to try. Prices are good, they offer a small student discount too (5%, but every little helps!)  . A couple of times i've been they have run out of the one thing I am after but usually they are well stocked in most of their items! Defiantly worth a look, if just to see all the awesome different foods out there!
3 Perfect little shop to go to if you want to pick up some Asian food real fast. Has a little bit of everything in terms of fresh veggies, Asian cutlery and dishes, rices, and frozen goods. I usually stop in here to pick up simple stuff like soy sauce and nori. They do carry a good selection of ramen for those lazy days when you don't want to cook or just need some comfort food, which ramen does for me. I also noticed they have a selection of Sake! I feel like sake is quite hard to come by in this country and they have a little variety . There is also a little fridge that carries all your favourite Asian soft drinks. Best of all, and that I always forget to ask for, is they have a 10% student discount . The prices are already not that bad so it's a good deal. Every time I come here the staff are also super nice , not fake nice but I feel genuinely nice which always makes your day. Best of all I love the original name of this place :D
4 I visit here once or twice a month. Just to get the Asian cooking essentials that cannot be found anywhere else. They have a proper selection of peanut / satay sauce and a good frozen Bah Pao. They are not hugely stocked int he front part of the shop, but you can always ask the lady behind the counter to find it in the back.   They're very helpful in choosing the right ingredients and even shared a few recipes ideas with me.  They serve the area well as there are not many Asian shops in that neighbourhood. Sure for more choices go to Leith walk, but here they hold their own.
3 I like this place to pick up a few odds and ends now and again. Mainly when I have forgotten some exotic ingredient or other. The staff are friendly the shop well laid out but it doesnt gel with me as much as the shops in newington and leith. One of the main reasons is that it can be quite expensive for some items that can be had for half price else where.
