3 Just like any other platos the move gives them a bigger selection of the usual 'in' fashion. It was kind of like forever 21 tho with the styles that are popular atm. I'm not into shirts that cover half a nipple haha they had some great shoes tho, so somewhere there's something you'd like.   However a few of the workers (not all)  are just rude and their tone of voice is very dry, and demeaning. I'll never come here again.
2 The store itself was okay, but the staff was awful. They spoke to me in a demeaning tone of voice when I asked how the selling process worked, and then the process itself was incredibly slow. I had to leave the store before they had even looked at my things because I had run out of merchandise to look at.   They had me write my phone number down when I left my clothing but I did not receive a call when it was finished. I had to go down there and check 3 hours later to find it was ready. I stood next to the counter for several minutes while the staff talked amongst themselves about things that did not involve work. When I was finally noticed, they still spoke to me in a very unpleasant tone to tell me they were buying two of my seven items.  I was given $6.30 for a skirt and a dress that I had never worn. In comparison to other thrift stores this one is lacking in customer service, which is why I will not return.
1 One star for the shopping. This place needs a new owner and a new staff. Incredibly rude and not customer friendly. I'm sorry did I interrupt your social hour?
1 I am the last person to be impatient in a retail setting because I work retail and I understand things can get busy but let me tell you this was an awful experience.   I went in with two bags full of coach bags, vintage juicy, guess dresses, guess tops, and a Dooney and Bourke bag. The girl at the counter told me my wait would be 30 minutes long and that I could look around. 45 minutes later after I looked around and. couldn't find anything I wanted,I checked in and they hadn't even touched my bag and told me it wouldn't be much longer. Another fifteen or twenty minutes passes by and the bags were still untouched. At that point I left and got Starbucks down the road, came back and they still hadn't touched my bags. Finally they realized it had been over an hour and a half that they had kept me waiting, so they started looking through my things.  They should have spared me and just told me to come back another day. The manager looked flustered and quickly went through my things only to buy a cheap scarf and a few cheap dresses, I thought maybe they missed a bag full, but they didn't sadly.   Woohoo, I got twenty dollars and wasted almost two hours of my time.  Just from an outsiders view this place needs to get the staff under control, it was poorly managed, and everyone was rude. It was clear the manager was stressed which stressed her staff out, which was pissing customers off. The only reason they get a star was because the new location is much better and spacious.   Now I'm sitting here at Tip and Toes (which is amazing) down the road unwinding, because that place really got me heated, and that takes a lot. Thanks for the pedicure, Platos
