5 Yet another great yelp event that was perfectly executed.  Poolside by the lazy river with a live DJ!  Food was great and plenty to have your full.  Jacked Ice provided some great tasting shaved ice to cool off from the AZ heat.  Dizzie is always the life of the party and his balloon making skills are on point with creativity.  I'm glad I was able to attend another great yelp event.  Thanks again Yelp!
4 Lyrics - Salt N Pepper - Whatta Man)  What a Yelp, what a yelp, what a yelp What a Yelp Party What a Yelp, what a yelp, what a yelp What a Yelp Party What a Yelp, what a yelp, what a yelp What a Yelp Party What a Yelp, what a yelp, what a yelp What a Yelp Party  I wanna take a minute or two, and give Yelp respect due To the site that's made a difference in the world And although most peeps are here to tube on down the river flow If you never heard about my man DJ Sterling But don't sweat it because it's okay to be apologetic To let it get me involved in that he said/she said crowd I know that ain't nobody perfect, I give props to those who deserve it And believe me y'all, yelp's all worth it So here's to the reviews cause we got through the past I finally found a place that can make a splash (Ha ha ha) You so crazy I think I wanna Yelp a Pool Party!  What a Yelp party indeed for a great cause and some fun in the sun.  Definitely, one that I can say I really appreciate Yelp helping the local shortage of water to our shelters.    I totally dig the shaved ice booth and the burger and hot dogs was a delight.  Didn't really care for the rootbeer floats, but I had one.  This year was definitely different from last years pool party.  I think we had too much room this year since it seemed like the crowd was dispersed too thin.  Last year we were condensed, but it worked.  I'm big on the vibe of pool parties and this year didn't have it because we were too spread out.  The bar was nice except they had a hard time processing credit cards -- they went old school and gave people a "bill of sales", which I guess went well with the old western theme.  Cash bar notice would have been nice; they would have totally reaped in some $$.    In the end, I'm still appreciate Lindsey putting together another Yelp event.  It's always enjoyable and fun to party of course, but to see the Yelpers come together for a great cause! Enjoy!
5 Oh man! It was sooooo hot. HAHAHA. Thank goodness for the shaved ice provided by Jacked Ice. HAHAHA.  Love pool parties and this was no exception. We were here last year for the Yelp Splash event too! Burgers and hotdogs, shaved ice and rootbeer floats, Lazy River and DJ Sterling. Not bad for a Sunday afternoon. And all of the Yelpers brought in so much bottled water for the fire department and St. Mary's Food Bank! Awesome Possum!  Are we having a Part 2 like we did last year? I hope so. Part 2 Pool Party in 2013 was at a hotel in Downtown Phx in the evening time. Very posh and very... cooler (temperature wise) :D  Good to see the Yelpers and going down the lazy river with them! And of course thanks to the Hilton, Jacked Ice, DJ Sterling, Ken and his cooking team, Dizzie and his balloons, and our very own awesome Lindsey. Great job! Great event! See you all soon!
5 Hot summer!  A hot hot summer!  Pool parties are always fun and what an amazing reason to host one!  The meet-up area had a severe lack of shading so I was one of the handful of Yelpers that actually sat by the pool area instead but oh well!  We're just a bridge away~  There were burgers, hot dogs, root beer floats, and deliciously refreshing shaved ice to fill your tummy.  With DJ Sterling being charismatic and Dizzie making fun balloon hats for people, what's not to love?  I loved the Lazy River and swimming around the pool on this super hot Sunday all with the admission of a pack of bottled water [I'm glad no one boo'd me when I crab-walked my 40-pack to the table --- I'm such a lady].  I saw at least four big palettes full of water [5,000+ bottles of water!] being packed up for the fire department and St. Mary's Food Bank.  Bravo, Yelp Phoenix!  Way to be classy!  Thank you Yelp, the amazing Lindsey, Hilton, Jacked Ice, Ken and the cooking team, and everyone else for hosting such a wonderful event!  Can't wait to see you all again!
5 This was my first Yelp pool event and I surely hope it wasn't my last! I haven't lived in Phoenix for long and had no idea about this Hilton property and its wicked fun water park -- it's right in my backyard! So happy I know it's there now and a big thank you for the free pass for me and three guests to come back!  I'm still not used to Arizona's angry sun beating down on you all the time, so I spend the majority of my time in the lazy river. I grabbed some of my Yelpie friends, a floating tube and was on my way! We circled around and around without a care in the world (except of course when beers went dry).  I filled my belly with a cheeseburger, telling myself it was calorie-free. Then of course I grabbed my Yelp goodies -- thanks for the shiny new water bottle and inflatable tube! Oh and I fo sho got my ab workout in for the day, laughing hysterically at Dizzie and DJ Sterling. They definitely kept everyone's spirits up in the blazing hot fiery sun!  Thanks Lindsey and the Yelp team. We had a blast!
5 Great resort pool, great music, great food, great entertainment! Dizzy is always the highlight of any party with his antics, balloon creations, and funny self. I really enjoyed Jacked Ice as well. So nice and cool on such a hot day. Root beer floats hit the spot after floating in the lazy river! Lindsey of course put on another great party and for a great cause. It was fun seeing the pile of water get stacked higher and higher. Thank you Yelp, Lindsey and Point Hilton.
5 Woot! So much fun hanging out by the PP. ( Pointe Pool) and floating down the Lazy River. Jacked Ice was there. I love Jacked Ice after being introduced to it at the Downtown Revival. The food was Delish and I appreciated my new water bottle and Floatie Device. Only in Arizona does one say it is almost too hot to hang out by the pool. So what's the cure? Swooshing down the water slide of course. Hold your nose though. I am sure I did not look very graceful but it sure was fun.  I loved the entertainment and the friends. Always fun to see Yelpers in their crazy, Dizzy balloon hats. As always another great Yelp event. I was so happy to see all the water we collected too. I have decided this is such a great cause that I am going to donate some more locally. Stay cool Yelpers. Thanks Lindsey and gang.
4 Pool party was cool. The shaved ice by Jacked Ice was awesome! Small setup compared to the last event, but it was all for a good cause :)
5 Too much fun and I have the sunburn to prove it.    The Pointe Squaw Peak Hilton, it's staff and facilities always go above and beyond.  Jacked Ice...DJ Sterling, Dizzy, Lindsey and the rest of the people that made this happen need to be commended.  Plenty of food, fun and sun.
5 Great party and fun meeting new people.  I was able to attend with some friends and meet some awesome people.  Burgers and root beer floats were amazing!
4 i always love the yelp parties, and i always have the utmost respect and admiration for Lindsey (and Gabbi) who put on our wonderful Phoenix Yelp parties.   the shaved ice was so tasty and i saw many a folk partaking in the root beer floats so they must have been good. the DJ music was top notch. i am still somewhat perplexed that I might be the only non-meating Yelper at this event? not even a few veggie burgers to throw on the grill? we thought "maybe" so we didn't eat lunch, and thus had to skirt out a skosh early to get some food. even though these events are great, not everyone digs beef, pork, or chicken.   but like i said, YELP is always appreciated for great events all around.
5 Sweltering summer Sunday afternoon and shaved ice only means one thing; it's time for another pool party.    Thanks to the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak and Yelp for partnering once again for another fun pool party!  I had a thought last time I was here thinking the Tombstone section would make a great party area.  I think someone must read my mind. ; )  Kudos to the guys at Jacked Ice for keeping us hydrated throughout the event. I lost count how many I had.  Dizzy is always the life of the party. I still can't believe he actually jumped and made into the inner tube on lazy river.  I have proof!  Man with many talents...   DJ Sterling was fantastic!  He so charismatic, funny, and kept us wanted more.  The Pointe staff did an outstanding job of providing us the food and drinks.   Thanks again to Lindsey for always coordinating the best parties in town!
5 What a Yelptastic event!!!! But aren't they all? =)  So the best part about this event was that it was such a great cause. We helped raised so much water for Mary's food bank. I'm so proud!. Us Yelpers are awesome! Obviously. lol.   It was a veryyyyyyy hot day. Which means perfect for a pool party. We got spoiled with some Jacked Ice, root beer floats, hot dogs, hamburgers, music by Dj Sterling and entertainment from Dizzie! The Jacked Ice was an amazing idea on this hot day! I got the watermelon mojito which was delicious. Anything watermelon is delicious. lol. It's not a party without Dj Sterling! He always knows how to work those turn tables with the right music and keeps us pumped and ready to party! And Dizzie? Oh Dizzie, I love you. I have to say, my balloon hat had to be the best. I loved it! I would like him to come to my birthday party this year. lol.   Thank  you to Lindsey for putting together such a great event and for such a good cause and thank you to the Hilton for having us!!! =)
5 I just LOVE when Yelp throws events that give back to the community!  In a society where people often live by the "immediate gratification" motto, there is definitely a disconnect between taking things for granted and learning to appreciate what we have and give back to others. Imagine, something as simple and basic as drinking water can be out of reach!  This family friendly event not only raised awareness, but also was an incredibly extraordinary way to spend a obscenely hot day! Not all of us have the luxury of having a lazy river to float along in, so it was a special treat for us to spend the day at the Pointe, listening to DJ Sterling's energizing tunes and Dizzie entertaining all of us. The unique flavors that Jacked Ice provided us with did not disappoint.  It's not every day you get shaved ice with flavors like cotton candy, pink champagne, or blue Hawaiian tropic! Any combo you can think of, they seemed to have it! Very impressed! And what's a pool party without a barbecue? The scent of grilling burgers and hot dogs permeated so savorously throughout the air. Every time we floated past the grill in the lazy river, my stomach called for food!! I was having so much fun mingling and cruising around in the river that I forgot to try a root beer float! Ugh! I can't believe I missed it!   Thank you Yelp, The Pointe, Dizzie, DJ Sterling, Jacked Ice, and the whole crew that helped put together this summer fun inspired event! I'm glad that our fun helped promote helping St. Mary's Food Bank and our awareness to be grateful for what we have! Much love to everyone!
3 It sucks, we checked it at the pool entrance and with no one directing us in the right direction, we walked around looking for yelpers. Apparently we just didn't have a clue where the event was set up and we missed everyone. At least we got to hang out around the main pool. Bummer.
5 My husband, our friends, and I had so much fun while we were here! The shaved ice people that were there were great, and they had awesome burgers and hot dogs. We really enjoyed the atmosphere. Will definitely be at the next Yelp party!
5 What's a perfect way of spending a Sunday afternoon in Phoenix? Flowing along the Lazy River, that's how!  That's exactly what I got to do, and so much more!  1st off I have to say Yelp Phoenix is amazing! Lindsey did an amazing job teaming up with Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak for this event! Not only was a great pool party, it was a pool party with a cause! Yelp Phoenix brought in more than 5000 bottle of water to give to St Mary's Food Bank! HOW FREAKING AMAZING IS THAT!  All I had to do was bring in a 24pack of water to gain access to this amazing party! There was pools with waterfalls, volley ball nets, slides and the lazy river to just forget your worries and float on by (my only worry was to keep my hair dry but one good dunkin off the float and that worry no longer existed haha)  The boys from Jacked Ice were on deck, I LOVE THEM!  Have been lucky enough now to have caught them at 3 events so far, soo FANGIRLING after them! It's the best, an adult snow cone!    Dizzy was there greeting everyone with smiles and his fun balloon creations. This party was opened for all ages and it was great seeing soo many Yelpers with their family. DJ Sterling was rocking the beats! He always keeps us on our feet!  Don't forget the great team that bbq's us some burgers & dogs, and the delish rootbeer floats too!   This was a fun packed pool party for sure! Thank you Lindsey, Rachel the Yelp Phoenix Team for this great event and a big Thank you to The Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak for having us!     Such a fun Sunday! Every Sunday should be like that!
5 In Phoenix, it's obvious that summer is here and there's no doubt that everyone wants to cool off in the pool, how nice that we were able to hydrate the St. Mary's Food Bank at the same time. It's nice to know even when it's scorching triple digits, there are places people can go for water.   Now, let's be honest. This event rocked! Thanks for picking a beautiful location at the Hilton Point Squaw Peak with a super dooper water slide, the oh-so-lazy river and not to mention all the sweet extras Lindsey hooked up with DJ STERLING keeping the party alive, Dizzy bustin' out some insane balloon hat skills, a yummy BBQ and Jacked Ice snow cones! It felt like I was a kid at the community pool again!   My plus one, Josh W. challenged Dizzy and asked for a fun hat with vegetables, so Dizzy topped that with a full on Chiquita banana hat! I was really impressed!   I'm really excited to plan another day trip to the lazy river with the coupon we were given. Thank you for a great summer event!
4 This was a great event and loved that it was family friendly. I have a 21 month old son who loves the water, so this was perfect to bring him to! He got a kick out of the fire truck out front of the River Ranch, and got to sit in it for a while. We went inside and found some seats in the shade, and floated around the Lazy River once. We checked out the Yelp area, which was kind of weird because it was waaay in the back and my husband and I had to trek through the mini golf course to get there! But good enough spread, considering the purpose of the event. It was especially cool that we got comp passes to return to the River Ranch later in the summer since we brought a case of water.
4 Hey, guess what I did last Sunday? Floated around a lazy river with my wife and son, ate a hamburger, enjoyed some Jacked Ice, and hung out with a bunch of awesome Yelpers in the Arizona sun! And we get to go back again this summer because they gave us a pass for donating a case of water for those in need. Thank you, Yelp!
5 My +1 for this event flaked - but I have a friend with an awesome 10 year old daughter nearby - so I called and asked if I could abduct the child for the day. What a happy turn of events!  This pool party would have been a blast, no matter who I brought with me - but a water park through a child's eyes? AWESOME!  The hot dogs and burgers were great - the root beer floats were the stuff happy childhood memories of summer are made of. Jacked Ice saved the day with snow cones - and the bar's extremely overpriced frozen drinks were just perfect on a hot day! (The ten year old did not get to find that part out, of course!)  We had a blast on the lazy river, enjoyed the slide, and the girl was having so much fun in the "regular" pool, I felt like a jerk when it was time to get her out of the water and head home.  Dizzie was consistently entertaining and was making the coolest balloon hats ever - and the DJ kept the vibe going all afternoon!  Thanks to Lindsey and the Pointe - this was a GREAT way to spend a hot Phoenix summer day!  And we brought in over 5.000 bottles of water for St. Mary's Food Bank, too? WOOHOO!  Oh - and the card for 4 admissions back into the waterpark? Looking forward to another lazy river day, for sure!
5 An awesome day on the lazy river, the best balloon artist in the world, AND we get to help the community!? WOOHOO!  Another awesome event, great day with fellow yelpers!
