5 This is the best moving service company in Phoenix. Moving is one of the largest task a person will experience in their lifetime. I was moving into my very first home in Phoenix, and needed a moving company that was reliable. A friend recommended that I use Phoenix movers moving company. I contacted the company and was informed that they do moving and storage. I decided to go with this moving and storage because they presented themselves in a very professional manner. They also assured me that my things would be packed and stored safely. We made it through the move with only minor mishaps. I would most definitely recommend using Phoenix Professional movers to anyone who are looking for great and reliable help with your moving needs.
5 Just recently used Pro Movers for the second time after having a great experience with them previously. They once again exceeded expectations. They were prompt (early, even), courteous, efficient and incredibly pleasant to work with. Movers do everything they can to take the stress out of moving. Can't recommend them enough. Especially thanks to Ali, Mike and Alex.
5 Best movers ever hired, hands down! After booking a horrible moving company that not only showed up late but ill prepared, I called Phoenix movers needing them to come out in less than 24 hours window. Not only were they available but the gave me a reasonable quote and were completely professional. Not only did movers show up early (with an 7am call time) they were fast, professional, equipped and careful. They wrapped all my furniture and loose items and made order of all the items in each room. I then had them drive an hour, from Phoenix to Gave Creek to final destination in Mesa to move items into a storage unit. With no hesitation or additional instruction, they were off. I met them at the storage unit, simply to unlock the door. Less than 5 hours later they were done and everything was in perfect order. Thanks a lot!!!
5 I truly do not have any problem to face from this movers. There is no fracture, no missing with no hassle to move from Los Angeles to Phoenix. They made every step to accomplish my moving needs and making me happy. Movers protected our furniture by packing and putting into proper boxes. Consequently it had been a first class moving experience for me personally. Phoenix professional movers worked nonstop before the last box was loaded and placed to the trailer. The skilled hands required to bring my heavy furniture easily from 4th floor down floor. Whenever I had been anxious for just about any problem, the foreman assisted me to eliminate that puzzle. I'm pleased with the job of Phoenix Moving company.
5 Phoenix professional movers were perfect. We had to move a dining table and four chairs that we bought from our friends from Chandler area to Phoenix. They arrived on time, with a smile, and helped us carry everything back home promptly! I highly recommend Phoenix pro movers services to anyone, and we will definitely call them again next time for all kind of moves!
